






590. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  BLAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June

, a watch, value 10 l. a seal, value 10 s. and two watch-keys, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Phineas 
                        Taytasac
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CASSDAY
               



             for 


               receiving, on the same day, the said goods she knowing them to be stolen
            .
PHINEAS TAYTASAC I am a merchant
. I live at 71, Great Prescot-street, Goodman's-fields



. I lost my watch on the 4th of June. I missed it from the parlour. It was hanging at the mantle-piece. Immediately I missed it I had a number of hand-bills printed, and distributed them among the silversmiths and pawnbrokers without any effect. On the Sunday following I called 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Blake
               



            , my servant, into a room, and told her, that I suspected she had taken the watch, and that I was well convinced that nobody else could have taken it. She then denied it very strongly. I said, if you have taken the watch, I will forgive you, on condition that you return me the watch. She said, if I would forgive her she would confess.
Q. Did you find it afterwards - A. I did, in the box of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cassday
               



            .
Prisoner Blake. You know very well that you gave me that watch, and what for; so you need not go on no more.
Prosecutor. I did not. She said, if I would forgive her she would disclose the circumstance. I answered, I would, provided I got the watch back again. She then said, that she had taken it from the parlour, and gave it to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cassday
               



             to save. I immediately applied to the headborough of the parish. The prisoner Blake, the headborough, and myself, went to Cassday, and asked her for the watch. Cassday denied having the watch. I immediately gave her in charge of the headborough. He took both the prisoners to the watchhouse. Cassday, previous to her being brought before the magistrate, she said, if you will not do any more to me I will acknowledge it. She immediately took the key of her house out of her pocket, and gave it me. We went to her house. She took us up stairs into the first floor. She said, that is the box where the watch is in. She looked for the key. Not being able to find it she broke it open. We took the watch from the bottom of the box.
Prisoner Blake. He gave me the watch for having connexion with me.
Prosecutor. Upon my oath, I never did.
Blake's Defence. He gave me this watch at the time he was ill. I was lighting him to bed. He took the opportunity of ill using me. He gave me a dollar. I would not have it. I knew it was a bad one. He then said, take my watch. I consented, and took it in keeping until the next morning I had no place to keep it. I gave it to this gentlewoman, for fear I should lose it. This woman is innocent. She knows nothing at all about it.
Cassday's Defence. Blake came to me one day when my husband was at dinner. She said, Mrs. Cassday take care of this, and give it to nobody but me. The officer broke open my box. I was so frightened I could not find the key. I know nothing about how she got the watch. I am quite innocent indeed.
JAMES KING. I am an officer. I apprehended the two prisoners. Blake confessed that she had taken the watch, and given it to Cassday to keep. She shewed us Cassday's house, Cassday denied having the watch. I took her down to the watch-house and confined her two hours and a half. She told us in the watchhouse, if we would forgive her she would take us back to her house, and give us the watch. We went back and found the watch in the bottom of her box. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. It is my watch.
Cassday called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.
BLAKE, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 22,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CASSDAY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
