





74. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TYLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of September, 1812
, seven pound weight of copper, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Almond 
                  Hill
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Hill
               



            .


                  RICHARD 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am fireman to Almond Hill and James Hill. They are shipwrights

.
Q. Did you lose any copper at any time - A. Yes, on the 14th of September, 1812. I lost it out of a warehouse; our warehouse is situated in the yard, at Limehouse-hole, in the parish of Poplar. On the 18th of September, 1812, two copper bolts I locked up in the warehouse about one o'clock. After two o'clock I looked for the bolts, they were gone; I had the key of the warehouse in my pocket all the time. I never saw the bolts afterwards until the 18th of the same month, 1812. About seven o'clock in the morning I was told the prisoner was near the premises. I went and looked over the pales; there I saw the prisoner with one of the bolts in his possession; upon his seeing me he endeavoured to put the bolt under his jacket. He went into a privy just by, and shoved the bolt into the soil; then I called Mr. Dalton, he was near at hand. I called him to come to take him; he did, and then a lad took the bolt out of the soil; I saw it to be one of the bolts that I lost, the other bolt I never saw again. We secured the prisoner, and took him to the Thames Police office, that is all I know about it.
Q. How come you not to prosecute before - 
               A. 
            He was committed: he broke out of the lock-up place, at the Thames police, the morning after he was committed. I am sure he is the same man. I have seen him many times before; I have no doubt at all he is the same person.
JAMES DALTON. I am a fireman also to Almon Hill and James Hill. I have known the prisoner Tyler for some years; the bolt that is now in court I ordered one of my boys to take it out of the soil. I took the prisoner with the bolt to the Thames Police Office; he was committed for further examination; he broke out of the look-up place. Afterwards he was taken for stealing some tripe at Bow; he was sent to the Thames Police to be tried upon his former commitment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a ship-breaker. I first saw the prisoner in my yard; he was sittingdown as if to ease himself, he had this bolt; I am sure he is the same man. This is the bolt. I can swear he is the man.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames police office. The prisoner was given into my charge on the 18th of September, 1812. I have had the bolt in my possession ever since. He got out of our lock up place some how or another. I am certain he is the man; I should know him among a thousend.
Mr. Dalton, I am not mistaken of the man, nor of the bolt; it is the property of Messrs. Hill.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the man they say I am; I can take my oath I am not that person; I was out in the West Indies.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
