





773. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     VANDERSTEIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, one 10 l., bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Claxton
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CLAXTON
               



            . I am a seaman
, and live at Shadwell


. On the 14th of May, I lost a 10 l. note out of my trunk, which I received of Captain Price. The prisoner lived in the same house.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am captain of a merchant vessel. On the 12th of May, I paid Claxton a 10 l. note, which I had received from the Bank that day.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a pay clerk at the Bank. I paid Price four 10 l. notes on the 12th of May. No. 4953, dated April 22, 1819, was among them.


                  JOHN 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. On the 14th of May, Claxton informed me of the robbery, and said he had lost his trunk - the prisoner's husband kept the house. She denied all knowledge of it; she said he had taken his chest and trunk away in a coach. I was sent for to the house again soon after, and the trunk was produced on the table - Claxton had a plane in his hand and a bunch of keys; he unlocked the trunk and missed the 10 l. note; I took the prisoner into another room, and told her that I must search her very particularly. She then took a 10 l. note from her pocket, and said it was a 1 l. note which she had found in the room the night before; it was No. 4953, dated April 22, 1819.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAXTON
               



             re-examined. I had taken my chest away in the morning, but left my trunk behind. Before I fetched Haines, I asked her for my trunk - she said I had taken it away; after Haines left, she herself produced the trunk to me; I had left a plane in it, which I found in a woman's hand in the house. The prisoner had a bunch of keys in her hand; I took them from her, and found that one of them opened my trunk.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I had been drinking a little, but was not intoxicated - I did not open my trunk.
Prisoner's Defence. He was drunk the night before, opened his trunk, and then threw all his things into the middle of the room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
