






225. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a time-piece, value 40 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pike
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wilson
                     



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a watch finisher
. On the 8th of January, about half past six o'clock in the evening; I went into the Earl of Moira's Head public-house, at the corner of Saffron Hill


, Mr. Wilson keeps the house, I put the time-piece down by the side of me while I was drinking there. It was in two handkerchiefs.
Q. Did you see the prisoners there. - A.Yes, the man sat on the right of me, and the woman next to him, I called for a shillings worth of rum and water, and during the time I was drinking it, they took my time-piece away.
Q. Did you see them take it away. - A. No, they went away, and I missed my property.
Q. How soon after they were gone did you miss your property. - A. In the course of two or three minutes.
Q.Did you ever see your property afterwards. - A.One handkerchief the officer has got that apprehended them.
MARGARET WILSON. I am the wife of the man that keeps the house.
Q. Do you remember Pike coming into your house. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember Johnson and Clarke coming into your house - A. Yes, they were sitting together in the tap room.
Q. Did you see the prisoners go away. - A.Yes, they rushed by me as I was going into the tap room with a shillings worth of rum and water. The prisoners had nothing to drink. I know the handkerchief, he offered me the time-piece, it was wrapped up in two handkerchiefs, a red one outside, and a light coloured one inside. It is the white one that is found.
JOHN HUTT. I am an officer. On the 9th of January I took the handkerchief from between the bed and the sacking in the prisoner's apartment in Newtoner's Lane, the two prisoners lodged together.
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief, the time-piece was in it, there is the initials of my name upon it, part of the I has been picked out.
Q. What is the value of the time-piece. - A. It cost me forty-five shillings.
Johnson's and Clarke's Defence. (read) I, James Johnson and Sarah Clarke being in the house of Mr. Wilson on the 9th of January last, we called for a pint of beer, and on the next night we were apprized by an officer of having taken away a time-piece, the white handkerchief was the property of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Clarke
               



            , which she had bought some time before, the bundle that I took out of the tap room was fish that I bought for supper. Mr. Wilson's house I am told is a bad house, to prove which I hope your Lordship will refer book to last sessions. I have served in his Majesty's navy ten years.


                  JOHNSON 
                  GUILTY
               



            , aged 28,


                  CLARKE 
                  GUILTY
               



            , aged 21,
of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
