







1142. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ASHTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October

, a gold watch, value 10l. two gold sea's, value 2l. a gold key, value 5s. a metal key, value 2d. and other articles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Ogilvie
                  



               
            ; And 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     HENRICKSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     DINON
                  



               
             were 


               indicted as receivers of parts and parcels of the said property, they well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  OGILVIE
               



            . On the night of the 18th of October, I slept in my cabin on board my ship, in the Thames, off Iron Gate wharf



; the Barten layed on one side, and the Providence on the other. I went to bed between ten and eleven o'clock, leaving my watch and two silk handkerchiefs laying on the table. I awakened in the morning about half past six, and immediately missed my watch. I was told a man had been on board my ship. About nine o'clock I went on shore myself, and saw a person in custody, and saw my watch and one of the silk handkerchiefs and one gold seal, which I knew to be my property.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 19thof October, I received information about eight o'clock in the morning, that a gold watch had been stolen; and about two hours afterwards, the prisoner Henrickson offered a gold watch to me to pawn for three pounds. I asked her whose it was? and she said, her sister's. I secured her immediately, and took her towards the Thames Police office. Going down Old Gravel-lane, she turned up a court, expressing a wish to change her shoes before she went to the office. I kept the watch by me all the time. She went into a house, and I followed her. She went into a room on the ground floor, and I staid outside the door. Through the crevice between the door and the door post, I saw her take something from her pocket, and hide it under the bed clothes. She then came out, and said as she could not find the shoes, she must go as she was. When I got to the office, I informed the officers of what I had seen, and I accompanied them back, and shewed them the house.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . I am a police officer. I looked under the pillow, and found a gold seal. When I came back, I asked Henrickson what she had been hiding under the pillow? and she told me a seal belonging to the watch. The prisoner Ashton was then in custody, and while he and Henrickson were under examination, he said that 
               
                  Francis 
                  Dickson
               



             the little black man had pawned the other, seal and the golden key at Mr. Mount's, the pawnbrokers; the captain of the ship was with us, and he requested Mr. Mount to shew the key and seals that were pledged with him, and he did so. Ashton was merely charged on suspicion at first.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . On the 19th of the present moath, I went in company with the last witness and Mr. George to this court, in Old Gravel-lane. While they were searching the place below, I went up into the attick, and there I found the prisoner Ashton, concealed in a closet. I took him into custody, and round his neck I found this silk handkerchief, which is claimed by the prosecutor. I immediately asked him if he had sent the watch to pledge by a women? and he said, he had. I then took him to the office. Henrickson was there before us, and I asked Ashton whether that was the woman he had sent to pledge the watch? and he said, it was. I asked him where he got it? and he said, he found it on the Dock-hill, wrapt up in some paper. I afterwards apprehended the prisoner Dickson in the same room that I had apprehended Ashton in.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am in the employment of Mr. Mount, the pawnbroker. On Saturday morning, the 19th of October, the prisoner Dickson pledged a gold seal and a broken key with me.
ASHTON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
HENRICKSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DICKSON, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
