






1499. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARREN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WARNER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, eight bushels of barley, value 39s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bloom
               



             and 
               
                  
                     James Gardner 
                     Bloom
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Seel
                  



               
            .
JOSEPH POWIS. I am a Thames Police surveyor. On Tuesday, the 11th of October, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was on the river, passing St. Catherine's, and saw a sack being handed from the ship Union


 to the Prosperous-the Prosperous laid alongside the Union. I and Gaskin, who was with me, went alongside three Ware barges, which laid by the Union; we then boarded the Union, which was Warner's vessel, he was on board. I asked him what was in the sack which he had been handing over? he said he did not know of anything, and that there was nobody else on board. On searching, I found a man apparently asleep in the forecastle. I then boarded the Prosperous, and found Gullen and Woodyard on deck, the hatches were off. I found three sacks under the hatches, containing eight bushels of barley - They appeared like the sack I saw pass from the Union; the Prosperous was laden with flour. I boarded the Union again, and asked Warner what his cargo consisted of? he said it was barley - I found it was so-it lay in the fore-hold, in bulk, and not in sacks-it appeared as if barley had been taken out. I compared that in the sack with the bulk,they appeared the same sample. I then went on board the Prosperous, saw Warren there, and asked him if he had any grain there? he said, None. I said there were three sacks down in the fore-hold; he said, If so it was wrong, it had no business there. The vessel was a sloop of ninety tons. I said I was going to take Gullen-Warren said he would pass his word for him. I took Gullen, Warner, and the barley.
Q. Did you afterwards go anywhere to take Warren - A. Yes, on the 20th of October I went to Malden, in Essex, found him at his house, and told him I apprehended him for the barley. He said Warner had asked him to have a few bushels of sweepings, and he did not know it was barley till he saw it at the office. He had attended two examinations at the office. The barley was quite clean, the same as the bulk.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you went on board Warren, was at tea with his daughter, below in the cabin - A. Yes, another man was with them. The transaction was at the head of the ship. I desired Warren to attend the examination, and he did.
Q. At any of these hearings was any charge made against him - A. No; I knew his ship was going away.
COURT. Q. Could you see who the persons were that were handing the sack over - A.No, My sight is bad.
JOHN GASKIN. I was with Powis, and saw the prisoner, Warner, hand a sack from the Union to Gullen in the Prosperous, and informed Powis. We went on board, and saw nobody but Warner in the Union-Gullen was in the Prosperous, there were two men and a boy on deck. I saw them when I was in the boat, and never lost sight of them till I got on board. If they had left the vessel I must have seen them. I went on board the Union, and asked Warner who was there, what they had been handing from one vessel to the other in the sack? he said, "Nothing at all - He had no knowledge of any thing" I went on board the Prosperous, and saw Warren, Gullen, Woodyard, and another boy. I found the hatches shut, and asked Gullen what it was he had received from Warner? he said he had received nothing, nor did he know anything of it. Warren then walked down stairs - He said nothing to me. I told Gullen. I knew better, and would see-(he had heard me talk with Warner.) I took up the hatches, and found three sacks - I asked Gullen what they contained? he said he knew nothing about them. Powis went down to Warner. The sacks contained clean barley, which appeared of the same quality as the bulk in the Union. The Prosperous was laden with flour.
Q. Did the Union appear to have discharged part of her cargo - A. It had. There were about sixty quarters left.
Q. Was it possible for Warren to have been on board without seeing these things handed in - A. No, he must have seen it.
COURT. Q. How many persons could you discover on the deck of the Prosperous - A. I am certain there were four; there were two lads, one boy, and the captain-those were all that I saw. The vessels were aground.
Cross-examined. I believe Warren was the only man on deck - He was at the quarters, the others were at the bows. Warren attended the examination voluntarily until his vessel left.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GULLEN
               



            . I was a mariner on board the Prosperous-the crew consisted of four hands-Warren as master, Pairman the mate, Woodyard and myself.
Q. On the Sunday you was taken were you on board the vessel in the morning - A. Yes; at one o'clock I went ashore with Woodyard, returned to the vessel at half-past three, and found Warren, the captain, on deck by himself. He asked Woodyard if he had seen the new bridge yet? he said No. and asked me to go with him - I refused, as it was wet. As soon as I came on board, I saw Warren had left the fore-hatch up a little way, and Warner came up the forecastle of the Union with a sack on his back; he reached over to our vessel, and put it on board our ship, I took it of him-Warren saw it; he did not ask what it was, the sack was full. I put it down the fore-hatches; I moved the hatch to put it down, as Warren had not moved it sufficiently - He saw me put it down, but said nothing about it. Warner went below in his own vessel, and Warren sent the boy for half a gallon of beer. When the boy returned, Warner came up with another sack, reached over, and I took that of him also, and put it down the forehatch. Warren was then on deck, but asked no questions. Warner brought up another sack full, I took that of him as before-Warren was still on deck. We drank the beer between the times of putting down the sacks. Master, I, the boy, and Warner drank-master poured it out, and handed it over to Warner in the Union. Warren never asked a question about the sacks. He went down into the cabin as soon as the officers came on board.
Q. How came you to take the sacks in - A. I thought they were for my master. When the officers were coming on board, Warner said to Warren, "There is the police!" I was taken up for this, and examined twice, but I said nothing about Warren.
Q. Did anything pass between you and Warren after you was taken up - A. He sent me 5s. over the vessel before I was taken away, as I had no money.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you come from to-day - A. From the House of Correction. Woodyard and I have been together there; we have not talked about this only now and then.
Q. You talked about what you should say when you gave evidence - A. No. It was all done after I went on board. I put the sacks down, thinking they were my master's. The sacks were put down before the officers came, it was not long after.
Q. Five shillings were handed to you - A. Yes; more than that was due to me for wages. The mate was in the cabin all the while, he did not come up until the police officers came.
Q. You saw your master before the magistrate, and said nothing about him - A. Yes, twice; I was not asked if I had anything to say.
JOHN GASKIN re-examined. When Warren was present, did you state what you had seen - A. Yes, I said Warren was on board.
Q. Was Gullen asked what he had to say - A. Yes, at the first and second examinations. Warren was not asked about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GULLEN
               



             (in continuation). Q. How long might it be from the first sack coming down until the officers came on board - A. It might be an hour. Warrenwent below now and then, during the time; he was on deck when the sacks were brought on board. I was never asked what I had to say.
Q. Before you went before the magistrate the third time, did you tell anybody that you would swear against Warren - A. There was a sailor in the prison; I told him I might as well clear myself, as I was innocent of it. I was asked if I had anything to say, and told this story.
THOMAS WOODYARD. I was on board the Prosperous. I had been drinking a little with Gullen, I returned about half-past three o'clock with Gullen, at the time Warren was on deck, nobody else. He asked me if I had seen the new bridge? I asked Gullen to go with me - We did not go. Master sent me ashore for half a gallon of beer; when I came back master was in the cabin; he came on deck after that. I saw Warner give Gullen two sacks, one after the other, he put them down the forehold, where the hatches were off; when I came on board we all drank.
Q. Did Warner drink - A. He was not near enough to drink, he was on the deck of his vessel. Master was on deck when the sacks were put down.
Q. You was sent to the same prison with Warren - A. Yes; Gullen was sent to another prison.
Cross-examined. Q. You went ashore with Gullen - A. Yes; I saw no sack put on board before I went out for the beer - I only saw three put on board. I believe Warren was walking about the deck while they were being put down; the greatest part of the beer was drank in the cabin. It was all drank before the sacks came on board. Master was on deck when the officers came. I heard nothing said about the police.
COURT. Q. You say Warren was on deck smoking his pipe when the sacks came on board, did he inquire about them - A. No, we had no barley belonging to our cargo our cargo was in the main-hold.
MR. JOSEPH KING. I am in partnership with John Greenside, the cargo was consigned to us. The owners are 
               
                  John 
                  Bloom
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Gardner Bloom
               



            ; the captain was 
               
                  John 
                  Serls
               



            . I have seen the barley found in the sacks, it was clean. Eight bushels are worth 3l. 10s.
WARNER'S Defence. I deny having any beer. It is impossible for me to bring a sack up out of the fore-hold.
WARREN'S Defence. I was in the cabin, and did not see it.
WARNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARREN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
