





232. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  MURRAY
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, one coat, value 1l.; one pair of trwosers, value 10s.; and one handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wardel
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WARDEL
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Palmer, who is a publican, and lives in Broadway, Westminster, at the sign of the Star and Crown


. On the 14th of November, the prisoner came to lodge at the house, and slept in the same room with me. On the morning of the 16th, the clothes were safe in my box. The prisoner asked what was in my box, and I told him it was my best clothes; he said he was going to lodge with us for eighteen days; he left the house on Friday, the 17th of November. I went up stairs to put my clothes on, but they were gone; the prisoner did not return; he was taken on the 17th of January, and the duplicate of my things found on him. I did not see him go out of the house.
Prisoner. Did I not speak to you after I came down on the Sunday morning-A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am a constable; I was requested to look for the prisoner. I found him on the 7th of January; I told him of the charge, and took him to the prosecutor, he recognized him, and charged him with the robbery. I found a duplicate of the trowsers on him,they were pledged on the 16th of December, for five shillings at Mr. Roberts's; while I was searching him, he endeavoured to secret something in his trowsers; and the duplicate fell out of them. They were pledged in the name of Prenn.
WILLIAM BEZAN. I am servant to Mr. Roberts, who is a pawnbroker. The trowsers and handkerchief were pledged with me, on the 16th of November: I do not know who pledged them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to lodge there; I took the lodgings for a night or two, at 6d. per night. On the Sunday morning, I got up and asked the prosecutor what the box was, he said, it was his clothes box. I talked some time with the landlord; if I had got any thing when I went out he must have seen it; I could not leave the house without going through the bar. I bought the two duplicates of a man at the public-house opposite the prosecutor's. Prosecutor first said at the office, that he saw the things on the Sunday Morning, and the pawnbroker said they were pledged on the Saturday, he then said it was that day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
