






75. 
               
                  
                     VICTOIRE 
                     COTELIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     CORBIN
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, one shawl, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Birt
                  




               
            .
JOHN BIRT. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Little Russell-street


. The prisoners have been to my shop four or five times. They came about six o'clock on the 7th of November. Corbin asked to look at some lace - She went up the shop. While I was showing it the young man said that the other prisoner had stolen a shawl - I took it out of her pocket. Corbin said she was positive it was no such thing, as she was her servant, and had lived seven months with her. I sent for a constable-an officer secured Cotelin, Corbin made her escape. I asked her to walk in till the officer came-she spoke some French to the other woman, and went out. I could not detain her; she did not look at the lace.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. She did not leave her direction with me.
BENJAMIN BALDWIN. I am shopman to Mr. Birt. The prisoners came into the shop; Corbin asked for some lace, and Cotelin stepped towards the window - I saw her take a shawl, and put it in her pocket. I told Mr. Birt, who detained her. Corbin said Cotelin had lived some months with her, and was an honest woman. Corbin made her escape out of the shop; she was desired to stop; I went for an officer-as I went out, I saw her walking about; she went up to the door, and spoke some French to Cotelin. When I returned she was gone.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CORBIN'S Defence. I went for some lace, and did not see Cotelin take the shawl. I gave Birt my direction and left the shop. I went for my husband (it rained very hard) and he would not come.
COTELIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
CORBIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
