





95. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, twenty pounds weight of leather, value 30s.; and one sack, value 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hadley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Simkin
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating the sack to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Watkinson
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HADLEY
               



            . I am an engine-maker
. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Simkin
               



             is my partner
; I lost the leather on the 1st of November.


                  OWEN 
                  NEVILL
               



            . I am the patrol to the parish of St. Brides; I was on duty on the 1st of November, in Fleet-street. I saw the prisoner and another man with a bag containing something; they stopped at the corner of Salisbury-court, and the prisoner put it on the other man, who was 
               
                  William 
                  Turner
               



            . I heard the prisoner say,"d-n it; we will have some beer as soon as we get there." My partner, James Collingridge, was on the other side of the way; I beckoned to him to stop them. We stopped them at Bridge-street; I asked Turner what he had got; he said he did not know. I put my hand in the bag, and found it was leather. The prisoner said it was leather which was left at his house, by a person, to take over the water. I asked him where; he said into the Borough. He would not tell me the person's name whom he was going to take it to. We took them to the watch-house; I then opened the bag, and found it was a bullock's hide. He then said he was going to take it to Mr. Scott's, River-street, Gravel-lane; we took them to the Counter. I then went to Mr. Scott's; he said he had not bought any leather, nor did he expect any. I at last found that the leather belonged to Mr. Hadley. Turner was discharged by the magistrate, and the prisoner committed.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a constable, at St. Brides; the prisoner was brought into the watch-house with the leather and bag (I produce it).


                  EDWARD 
                  HADLEY
               



            . The leather is mine; I have a piece which I cut from it before it was stolen, and it exactly fits. The prisoner was in my employ for about two years.


                  JOHN 
                  WATKINSON
               



            . I am a corn-dealer. The sack is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked the sack up in the Strand. There was no mark on the leather; he might cut a mark, and fit it in. I bought it of a man who came from Lancashire.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
