





573. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, one trunk, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a carrier
. On the 14th of March I took a trunk up at St. Mildred's-court, about half-past one o'clock, to go to East Ham; I left my cart opposite the Spread Eagle in Gracechurch-street


, about a quarter after two o'clock, while I went into a shop-when I came out I missed it.
CHARLES CLITHEROW. I am an officer. On the 14th of March, at two o'clock, the prisoner came behind me, and looked over my shoulder for a minute. As soon as the prosecutor's cart passed along Gracechurch-street he made towards it. Several persons were standing at the corner of Leadenhall-market-the prisoner stopped also. As soon as the prosecutor turned his back, the prisoner got on the foreboard of the cart, and looked round, as if there was a parcel he wanted to take out. He took a black trunk from the cart, put it on his shoulder, and carried it a few yards. I turned round, and he dropped it by the window at the back of the cart. He ran through Peter's-alley; I called out Stop thief! and ran round the corner - I fell in with him on the other side of Cornhill. I made a blow at him with my stick, and struck him on the foot. He crossed Bishopsgate-street to the Black Lion, opposite the Old London Tavern. A coach came between us. He got through Crosby-square, and there I missed him. I was going to the Mansion-house, and found him in custody. I left the trunk in the care of a person while I pursued. He was taken on another charge. I am sure he is the man - I knew him before.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I have seen him about several times before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
 London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
