





416. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        Blower
                     




                  , window, about one o'clock in the afternoon of the 2d of February
 (no person being therein), and stealing, therein, one scarf, value 1l.; two table-spoons, value 1l. 4s.; six tea-spoons, value 12s.; one pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; one cream jug, value 1l.; one watch, value 5l.; one seal, value 10s.; and one key, value 2s.
            , her property.


                  MARGARET 
                  BLOWER
               



            . I am a widow
, and lodge in the second floor of a house in York-street


 - Mr. Vincent is the landlord, and lives in the house. On the 2d of February the prisoner came to my lodgings, and left at eleven o'clock in the morning - I knew him before. I asked him to dine with me at one o'clock, he said he would. I told him I should be at home exactly at one o'clock, and shewed him where I would leave the key of my room, for him to let himself in if he came before me. He said he would return at one. I told him to get over the wall, and come to the back door, which was open, and he would find the key at my door. I returned at one o'clock, found my doors burst wide open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. I got an officer, and we found the prisoner in Clare-market - He denied it.
THOMAS SOUTHCOMBE. I am an umbrella-maker, and live in York-street, opposite the prosecutrix's house. Isaw the prisoner come out of the prosecutrix's house about eleven o'clock, she came out after him. I saw him come out again, about three-quarters of an hour after, in a great hurry - He went towards Clare-market. I went with the prosecutrix to Clare-market-the prisoner ran up against us. He said, "Now, Mrs. Blower, I suppose you suspect me of this robbery." The officer said, "What robbery?" the prisoner said he had been to Queen-square, and had heard of it. The officer took him.
RICHARD SMITHERS. I am a constable, and went with the two witnesses; as we were standing at the corner of Clare-market, the prisoner ran against us. He said, "Mrs. Blower, I suppose you suspect me of this robbery." No person had said any thing about it. He said he heard of it at Queen-square. I got his box from his lodgings in Brook-street. The prisoner asked for two handkerchiefs out of it - He said the box was his; it contained some duplicates, one of which related to the scarf pledged with Hedges, and a purse.
THOMAS HARTLEY. I am shopman to Mr. Hedges, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Drury-lane. On the 2d of February, the prisoner pledged the scarf with me for 16s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.
GUILTY. Aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
