





1233. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Wiffin
                     



                  , one pocket-book value 1s.; one 300l., six 10l., ten 5l., and seven 1l. bank notes
            , the goods and property of 
               
                  
                     George Alexander 
                     Robertson
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ALEXANDER ROBERTSON
               



            . On the 31st of July I lived at 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Wiffin
               



            's, in Field-terrace, Battle Bridge


, and was removing to Hornsey; the prisoner was employed to assist. My pocket-book, containing the 417l. was kept in my bed, between the bed and mattress - I saw it the day before, and missed it on the next morning-the goods were then moved. I asked the prisoner if he remembered who moved the bed? he said he did not. He came to my house again at two o'clock; I asked him again. He said I had asked him before. I told him I had reasons for so doing. He asked me if I had lost any thing? I told him I had missed a pocket-book, with 400l. in it. He expressed great surprise, and said he would do what he could to assist in finding out who had got it. I gave him in charge. I saw him searched, and my pocket-book, with a 300l. note in it, was found in his bosom, next to his skin. He said he had no more. They found 45l. in his hat, one 10l. and one 5l. note.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The pocket-book might have fell out in moving.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REID
               



            . I am an officer. I found a 300l. note and three 10l. notes in the pocket-book in the prisoner's bosom. He denied knowing any thing about it. I found 45l. in the crown of his hat, among some horse-hair.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALEXANDER ROBERTSON
               



            . I know them by the numbers. The pocket-book is mine.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I found four 5l. notes in his pocket. His wife took me to a place in Queen-street, and gave me thirteen 1l. notes.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the pocket-book by the side of the waggon in loading the goods.
GUILTY. Aged 40.
Of 


               stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before. Mr. Justice Burrough.
