





240. 
               
                  RICHARD
                  MORTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, two beehives. value 3 s. and ten pound weight of honey, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                     Nicholson
                  




               
            .
JOHN NICHOLSON. I live at Duval's-lane, Islington


; I had two bee-hives on the 6th of December, I missed them on the morning of the 7th, at ten o'clock the same morning two patrols called on me, saying they had taken the prisoner, with two hives. I saw the two hives afterwards, I know they are mine. The prisoner had been my gardener
.


                  JOHN
                  UPTON
               



            . I am one of the Bow-street patrols; on the 6th of December, about half-past six at night I and Dickens were walking through Islington, we met the prisoner; I saw him with a bag on his back I asked him what he had got, he said, what he had got, was his own; he said he had got three quarter loaves and some potatoes. I thought it was a large bulk for that; I took him into a green grocers shop there, Dickens followed him in, I holding of the prisoner and when he turned out the bag I saw two bee-hives; we handcuffed him and took him to the office. Dickens and me went to Mr. Nicholsons; we saw the garden were they were stifled with brimstone.


                  SAMUEL
                  DICKENS
               



            . I produce the thing they used for killing the bees. I found these things upon the the prisoners person, a tinder box, and matches, and the saucer that fed the bees; I took them things out of the prisoners pocket, this saucer was in among the honey. and here is the brimstone, and the bees upon it dead.
Q. to Prosecutor. Is that your saucer - A. It matches a set we have, it stood upon a bench with sugar in it to feed the bees.



               GUILTY
             aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
