





1015. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John 
                        Langton
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 
                     6th of July


                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 2l., and one chain, value 5s.
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  LANGTON
               



            . I am a calico-glazier

. On the 6th of July, about a quarter after twelve o'clock at night, I was coming from Stratford, I was near the New Church in the Strand-Mr. Parsons was with me-as I was going along, the prisoner put his hand to my fob, and took my watch out of my pocket. I said, "Sam, they have stolen my watch;" upon which Mr. Parsons went in search of the prisoner, and called out stop thief! I immediately received a violent blow on my breast, and one on my eye, which completely stunned me, and knocked me down - I do not know what passed after! I was taken to the watchhouse, and when I got a little better the prisoner was shewn to me, and my watch. I only saw one person come up at first - I did not see anybody afterwards.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I was in company with Langton, near the New Church, I had hold of his arm; I saw the prisoner's hands against his fob - He instantly made off-the prosecutor said he had lost his watch; I run after him very quick towards the church, and had him in sight till he had turned the corner. I took notice of his dress. He turned up a court at the back of the church, when I came up the court I found him in custody. I am positive he is the man. I found my friend in a passage, very much bruised, lying on his back, insensible; I saw the prisoner's hand close to his fob, and he gave a jerk; there was no other person near.
EDWARD LANGLEY. I am a constable, and live in Drury-court; I heard the cry of stop thief! I went to my door, and the prisoner was the first man that passed. I laid hold of him - He was running as fast as he could; he said "what do you want with me, I have done nothing." The moment I turned round Parsons came up, and said,"what, have you got him." I took him to the watchhouse, but found nothing on him. Gregg brought a watch, which he said he had picked up on the stone railing of the church, where the prisoner must have passed; there was no other person in the court. I could see clearly. No person could have passed before him.


                  JOHN 
                  GREGG
               



            . I am a watchman; I picked the watch up on the stone of the church railing-the prisoner must have passed it.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a patrol; I heard the cry of stop thief! and saw the prisoner run along on one side of the church, and Parsons following him, into Drury-court. I followed and never lost sight of him till he was taken. I came up immediately.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was taking a walk.
GUILTY. Aged 35.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
