






749. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of July
, sixty-three pounds weight of butter, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Ainsley
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
ALEXANDER ANSLEY. I am a cheesemonger
; I live in the parish of St. George, Middlesex


.
Q. Do you know the prisoners - A. Yes.
Q. When was it you took them in custody - A. On the 11th of July, about ten o'clock at night, I saw one of the prisoners crossing the road; he had the cask of butter on his shoulder. I went up to him, and asked him what he had got there; he said he did not know; he then said he was going to take it to Mr. Clark's; I asked him who Mr. Clark was; he said he did not know. The watchman came and took the prisoner into custody.
Q. Which of the prisoners was that - 
               A. 
            Williams.
Q. Was any body with him - A. Not as I saw.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I go out charring and nursing, or anything I can do. On the 11th of July, about half an hour after nine at night, I saw the prisoners under Mr. Ainsley's window; I saw they had a tub of butter; I saw Williams lift it into Edwards's arms; I hallooed out, who stole the firkin of butter. My brother was with me; he went into the shop and informed them.
Q. How soon after this did you see the prisoners - A. Two or three days afterwards I saw them at the office; I knew them again. I was not a yard offthem. It was a dark night. I saw them by the light of Mr. Ainsley's window.


                  JOHN 
                  LENNAM
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Ainsley.
Q. Do you know anything of this firkin of butter - A. About ten minutes before this firkin of butter was taken I saw Edwards in the shop bargaining about some pieces of bacon; he did not buy any. When the alarm was given we looked about; and missed the firkin of butter. It stood behind the door.
ANN BARRETT. I am an unfortunate woman. On the 11th of July, I was in company with Edwards and Williams at the City of Carlisle in Rosemary-lane; we had a pot of stout there. It might be nine o'clock. Between nine and ten the robbery was done. Edwards asked Williams and me to go out to Ratcliffe-highway. Edwards went into this shop; he looked at two pieces of bacon. Edwards asked Williams to go into this shop to buy a relish for supper; I went in; he looked at many pieces of bacon; he had one piece weighed; he bought none. That is all I have to say.
FRANCIS JACKSON. I am an officer. When I took Edwards into custody he said he had the firkin of butter of a man, he was to give him a shilling for carrying it. The next morning he said he would tell me the man, if I would go after him. I went after Williams. I brought Williams to the office; he then declared Williams was the man that gave him the butter; Williams denied it. I produce the firkin.
Prosecutor. It is my firkin.
Edwards's Defence. When I came out of Mr. Ainsley's shop a tall man said to me. will you earn a shilling; I said, yes; he put the tub of butter on my shoulder. I told the patrol when he laid hold of me, a tall fellow gave me the butter.
Williams's Defence. I am an innocent man. I know nothing about the butter, so help me God Almighty.
EDWARDS, GUILTY, aged 52.
WILLIAMS, GUILTY, aged 57.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
