





67. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, thirty-two pounds of lead, belonging to 
                     
                        William 
                        Hunt
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN HUNT. I am the brother of William Hunt, who lives in Johnston's-court, Fleet-street


. On the 3rd of November I saw the prisoner in the court, taking part of the pavement up, and asked him what he was doing? he said the New River Company had sent him to take up the leaden pipes, and put brass ferrules to them, to make them fix snug in the iron pipes. I remembered his having been employed to lay down the pipes, which made me not suspect him. Between eleven and twelve o'clock I saw him cutting the pipe into small pieces about a foot long-it was part of the pipe that ran under the pavement into my brother's house.


                  SARAH 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am the wife of William Hunt. On the 3d of November I saw the prisoner taking up the pipe. He asked me to let him see the pipe inside the house-he took about seven feet from the outside-it ran against the wall inside the house, and was fastened to it by holdfasts. He went to work in the court again. In the evening I missed the pipe-it was cut off close to the wall; nine feet was taken from the inside - He said he was going to put cross-ferrules to it. I had seen him at work when the iron pipes were laid down, which induced me to admit him into the house.


                  ELLEN 
                  GERRARD
               



            . I live at Mr. Hunt's. I saw the prisoner come about the pipe, and observed him come up stairs - I missed about nine feet of pipe. I am sure he is the man.
MR. JAMES TREACHER. I am inspector of the New River Company's works-the prisoner never worked for the Company. The iron pipes were laid down by contract, and he was employed by the contractor. The pipe is worth 1l.
Prisoner's Defence. A man told me to do it, and said he would buy it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
