





621. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining from 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Churchill
                        




                     
                   two 5 l. and sixteen 1 l. bank notes, and 2 s. 2 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cross
                        




                     
                  , under false pretences
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHURCHILL
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Cross
               



            , who is a meat-salesman

, in Leadenhall-market; he was in the habit of receiving meat for sale from 
               
                  William 
                  Appleford
               



             and 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Peacock
               



            , of Coggleshall, by Ruffle's waggon. On the 13th of October we received meat from them both. 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



             was Ruffle's servant, I never saw the prisoner with the waggon. Appleford's meat produced 21 l. 2 s. and the other 5 l. About eleven o'clock in the morning, after market hours, the prisoner came, and said he had called for Ruffle's money. I asked whose money? he said, Mrs. Peacock's and Mr. Appleford's. Seeing him a stranger, I asked him where his fellow-servant was? He said, poor fellow, he has met with a very bad accident, for on Sunday one of the ropes of the waggon broke, which made the horse go on, and one of the wheels passed over his body; and on his return home, no doubt, he should find him dead. I then paid him two 5 l. and sixteen 1 l. notes, and 2 s. 2 d. He said he had lived upwards of four years with Ruffle. I asked him if he knew Collins, who had just left Ruffle? he said, Yes; and Mr. Ruffle was extremely sorry that he had left. About a fortnight after I saw him in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  RUFFLE
               



            . I am a carrier from Coggleshall to town; Appleford and Peacock employ me. On the 13th of October, in the morning, two packs of meat were conveyed from each of them to Cross - the prisoner was not my servant, but a perfect stranger. I never authorized him to receive the money from Cross, and he never paid it to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am waggoner to Mr. Ruffle. On the 12th of October I left Coggleshall at six o'clock, with this meat in my waggon; I fell in with the prisoner at Boreham, he walked as far as Chelmsford with me, then went with a cart, and joined me again near Brentwood. I supped there, and then went on to town. He went into the cart, joined me again at Romford, and came to town with me, on a horse which I had behind my waggon. I had told him the meat was going to Cross; he assistedme in taking it out, and heard me tell the porters to take it there. He never paid me the money for the meat, nor did I authorize him to go for it. I met with no accident on Sunday. I afterwards applied to Cross for the money, and found the prisoner had received it. They described him, and I found him out.
Prisoner's Defence. I was on the other side of the water at the time the money was received.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
