





38. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, one seal, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LINDSAY
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Francis 
                  Jones
               



            , who is a jeweller
, and lives in Cornhill


. On the 23d of November, the prisoner came to the shop with a ring, which he said he wished to have repaired. He asked to look at some seals. I shewed him a tray of seals. He agreed to take two, which came to 7 l.; and they were laid aside for him. He took up another between his finger and thumb, and I saw him at the same time, with his little finger put one into the palm of his hand: he then had his right hand across his left arm, with the seal in his hand. The one which he took with his finger and thumb he gave to me, and asked the price of it, keeping the other concealed in his hand. He then said he would give me the 5 l. which he had agreed to leave as a deposit for the two seals, and put his hand into his breeches pocket. When I saw him do that, I removed the tray of seals away, and went round the counter, and told him, he had got a seal in his breeches pocket. He said, if he had, it must have dropped out of the sleeve of his coat. I said, I saw how it had been done, and desired he would deliver it up. He produced it, and laid it on the glass case, in the presence of Captain Baker, who had come in. I put it in the tray with the others, and said it was a fortunate thing for him that Mr. Jones was not in the way, or he would be prosecuted. In consequence of what Captain Baker said, I sent for an officer, gave him in charge, and gave him the same seal that he returned to me.
Cross-examined by Mr. POLLOCK. Q. How many seals were in the tray - A. Great many. I believe I gave the officer the same seal.


                  JOHN 
                  VALENTINE BAKER
               



            . I have been captain of an East India ship. I went to the prosecutor's shop, and heard Lindsay charge the prisoner with stealing the seal. The prisoner said, if he had got it, it must have gone into his pocket by the cuff of his coat. I advised him to feel for it; he did so, and drew it out. I saw Lindsay put it in the tray. I myself took it out, and gave it to the constable. It is the same. I had never lost sight of it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
