





697. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRUCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, an apron, value 6 d. two towels, value 6 d. a shift, value 2 s. and two pillow-cases, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Downes
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  DOWNES
               



            . I live at No. 12, Road-side, Whitechapel-road


. The prisoner was my servant
.
Q. Did you lose an apron and towels - A. Yes, and one shift and a napkin.
Q.When did you lose them - A. I missed some in June, and some I did not miss until a fortnight back. The prisoner left my service on the 7th of September. I promiscuously went into the room, where her box was; I saw in it some muslin, which I believe to be mine; but it was not marked. I could not swear to it.
DELANEY. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a frock, a pair of gloves, a pin-cloth, and two towels.
Q. Do you know who pledged the towels - A. The towels were wrappers about other parcels, which Mrs. Downes saw in the shop.
Q. Is there an apron there - A. Yes, that also was a wrapper. I do not recollect the person of the prisoner at all.
- DRAKE. I am an apprentice to Mr. Peart, pawnbroker, Whitechapel. I produce a shift, two pillow-cases, and a napkin. I think it was the prisoner that pawned them on the 29th of June; but I am not exactly sure.
Prosecutrix. The two towels, apron, and shift, are mine. I made them myself, and the pillow-cases.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody. I searched her box; I found one duplicate in her box; the other Mrs. Downes gave me. I found in her box a quantity of halfpence and a handkerchief, which Mrs. Downes said was her property. The duplicate I found is for the napkin and pillow-cases, two shillings and sixpence, Pearts, Whitechapel. Drake is the apprentice.
Q. to Drake. Is that the duplicate you made out for these things - A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Downes. Where did you see that other duplicate - A. In the prisoner's pocket-book in her box. I took it out, and went to the pawnbrokers. I asked him to let me see the things; he did. Then things are in another indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. Some of the articles belong to me.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Gibbs.
