





489. 
               
                  
                     AMELIA 
                     MAJOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, a gown, value 12 s. two aprons, value 6 s. four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. a box, value 1 d. a dollar, value 5 s. 6 d. four three-shilling bank tokens, and one eighteen-penny bank token and a six-pence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Heath
                        



                     
                  . A shirt, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Redford
                        



                     
                  . Five handkerchiefs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lineham
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Conner
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  HEATH
               



            . I live at Teddington


, in 
               
                  Ann 
                  Conner
               



            's house. On the 21st of April I went out, as usual, about eleven o'clock, and came back between seven and eight at night; and when I came home my property was gone.
Q. What did you lose - A. A cotton gown, four handkerchiefs, two aprons, and a little snuff-box, with nineteen shillings and six-pence in it.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner - A. She lodged with me, and was in the room when I went out; and when I came back she was at home. I asked her what became of the things. She said she did not know. I thought she did know, because I left her there; she afterwards confessed to taking them.
Q. How did the prisoner live - A. The parish paid her five shillings a week
.


                  SARAH 
                  REDFORD
               



            . I live in the same house. I lost a shirt I had to wash; it was found with these things.


                  GEORGE 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. I put her in the Cage. On the next morning she owned to the fact, where she deposited the things by taking up a board of the landing-place of the stairs; and there I found all the property as she described; and the nineteen shillings and sixpence.
Prisoner. I have got nothing to say, I leave it to your mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
