






107. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CONWAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     HILL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Page
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of December
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, six 5 l. bank notes, a 2 l. bank note, eight 1 l. bank notes, and eleven shillings in monies numbered
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am a boot and shoe-maker
; I live at Deptford. On the 1st of December, I came to town with intention to go to Leadenhall-market to buy some leather, I met with some companions; I did not do my business that afternoon. I had a glass or two of liquor, which detained me late. I met the prisoners; I asked them to put me in the way to London bridge.
Q. What time of the night was it - A. I cannot tell, it was late. They told me they would put me in the way to London bridge; after they walked some way together, they asked me for something to drink for their trouble; they went into a house, and called for a drop of gin; I paid for the gin, and we came out of the house. We then came on perhaps ten yards, or not so much before I was knocked down, or pushed down.
Q. Do you know by whom - A. No, I do not. As soon as I arose they went to lift me up; I said let me alone, and as soon as I came up I found my coat unbuttoned; I put my hand in my pocket, I found I was robbed; he women were present. I cried, out Iam robbed; the officer came up immediately, he said who has robbed you; I said I had my money when these women came with me; I have not it now. The women began to start; the officer catched them. They took my pocket-book from me.
Q. Do you know where it was when you first met these two women - A. No, I am quite a stranger in town.


                  ROBERT 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a serjeant of the watch for St. George's the Martyr. On the 1st of December, I was stationed in Gray's-inn-lane; at one o'clock I was in Fox's-court, and while I was there I heard a woman say, Charley, come here, here are two girls robbing a countryman. I followed to the spot; I found them in George's-court, Gray's-inn-lane. When I entered the court I met the two prisoners, but not knowing that these were the two women I did not stop them at that moment, because I did not know that they were the two. I went a little further down the court where I saw the man laying down, he was trying to get up, saying that he had been robbed. The girl that first of all spoke to me was standing by the prosecutor; she told me the two girls that I first met where the two girls that robbed the gentleman. I immediately went in search of the two prisoners, I overtook them in Brook-street; I knew both of them perfectly well. I stopped the prisoners; Cager and Belsover, my brother officers were with me.
Q. Are you sure that the two persons that you saw coming out of George-court, are the same persons you overtook in Brook-street - A. Yes; I knew them both perfectly well. Upon Conway we found a pocket-book; upon Hill we found a receipt. We took them to the watchhouse, and near the watch-house Conway began to struggle; I told Belsover to take care of her; I knew she wanted to make away with the property; I saw she was wishing to make away with the property. I at last picked up some bank notes; I picked up four one-pound notes; I did not see them drop from her. I picked them up exactly at the spot where she was.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CAGER
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Hill in George's-court; I met the women in Fox-court coming from George-court; I knew the prisoners well. I am sure the persons we overtook in Brook-street, are the persons we saw coming out of Fox-court. I helped to search them; I found a pocketbook on the prisoner Conway; this is it. I found a receipt for a quarters rent, that is paid up to Lady Day for six pounds six shillings; upon the prisoner Hill I found that. Hill confessed to Read, the officer, and me, that Conway robbed the gentleman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALSOVER
               



            . I can state no more than the other witnesses, except I felt the notes in Conway's left breast as I was conveying her to the watch-house; I was struggling to get them from her; she dropped them. When she moved from the ground Mr. Hill picked them up.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that pocket-book - A. I can swear it is mine; there is 
               
                  William 
                  Pittman
               



            's hand-writing in it; he told me what public-house to call upon him.
Q. What did the pocket-book contain - A. It contained from fourteen to sixteen notes. I paid away a little money, and received some. I am not clear how much the pocket-book contained at that time. The receipt is mine: it was for a quarter's rent I had paid up to Lady Day. This receipt was in my pocketbook at the time. None of the five pound notes have been found, nor yet the two pound note. I received it the same day.
Q. You cannot tell who knocked you down - A. I believe it was their bully; I do not think they are strong enough.
Q. How long after you were knocked down did you find your pocket-book was gone - A. In one minute, or less.
Conway's Defence. I went home with my work at almost twelve o'clock as far as King-street, Seven Dials. This woman was with me; she kicked something with her foot; she picked it up, and gave it me. I put the pocket-book in my pocket; two men came up and demanded the notes and the pocketbook. As to the prosecutor, I never saw him until I saw him at Hatton Garden office.
CONWAY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
HILL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
