





201. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of February
, one spencer value 10s. one coat, value 2l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Hoffham
                        



                     
                  ; and one coat, value 2l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Nonnett
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hoffham
                     



.


                  HENRY 
                  HOFFHAM
               



            . I am a broker
, and live in Vine-street, Minories


; that is my private dwelling-house. I lost these things from that house between nine and ten last Thursday morning; they were taken out of the hall.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BECKET
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hoffman. I heard the door shut at about nine o'clock last Thursday morning; it had been open. I went to the hall, and missed the coats and spencer immediately; I went to the door, and saw two men running with the things. The prisoner dropped the spencer, and I ran after him; I secured him, and brought him back to my master's house. I am sure he is the man; I saw him with the spencer, and I saw him throw it down.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGARTY
               



            . I attempted to stop the other man; but he got away.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There was a man running along with a bundle, and he dropped this spencer, which I picked up, and then I threw it down and ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
