





840. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burn
                        




                     
                  , a metal watch, value 2 l. a gold seal, value 14 s. a metal key, value 6 d. and a metal chain, value 1 s.
             his property.



                  JOHN 
                  BURN
               



            . I am a lamp-contractor
, I live at No. 2, Ratcliffe-place, Upper Thames-street. On the 29th of September, about a quarter before two in the morning, I was going down Fleet Market


, and going by a gateway the prisoner catched hold of me, she was standing there, she held me with one hand and with the other she drawed the watch out of my fob, and then she ran across the way. I caught her before she had gone five yards; she tumbled down on her back. In lifting her up two men came to heave mud and stones at me. I told them it was of no use they should not take her away from me, I would take her to the watch-house. There was no watchmen to be found; I took her under Fleet Market.
Q. Did you find your watch - A. No. I suppose the watch was given to these two men. I took her to the watchhouse. I never lost sight of the prisoner from the time that she snatched the watch; she was not five yards from me when I laid hold of her.
Q. You had not been with her, had you - A. No. I never saw her till I came to the gateway, I was going by.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Bride's. On the 29th of September, about two o'clock, the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse by the prosecutor, I searched her particularly, but found no watch. There was no watchman on that beat, we were short of watchmen.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming past, there were four of them altogether, they wanted to take the advantage of me. When the watchman came up he swore I robbed him, and three of the men ran away.
Prosecutor. There was nobody by at the time that she snatched the watch, as I could see, and afterwards there was nobody but the two men that threw mud and stones at me. The little man was nighest to me, he was nigh enough to take the watch from her. I had a stone come on my arm, I thought it had broke my arm. I would have taken the two men if I could.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
