





317. 
               
                  
                     MANUEL 
                     SOYA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of February
, a jacket, value 25 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Curling
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURLING
               



            . I am a slop-seller
; I lost a jacket on the 4th of February, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, it was laying on a shelf behind the counter when I lost it; it was a jacket intended for sale; on that day I had occasion to leave the shop, and go into the parlour, and while I was there, I heard somebody call out shop; I immediately went into the shop, the prisoner asked me if I had a jacket and trowsers to sell; I told him I had; I shewed him one; we agreed for the price I was to have, He then said, I do not want it now, I will come again; immediately upon my looking round I missed this jacket off the shelf.
Q. Had he left the shop then - A. Not at that time; when he said that it gave me suspicion that he had something of mine. The jacket was then on his back, he had been over the counter, and taken it; he went to the street door to get away, I followed him; he pulled the jacket off, threw it down; I secured him. He went from the counter to go into the street; he threw the jacket into the mud; I secured him, and sent for an officer.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought that jacket in the middle of the street. I asked him for a suit of clothes, he said that jacket is mine; I told him I never was in his shop in my life before, I was taken in custody, The ship I belonged to is now gone away, I have lost every thing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
