





1492. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, two iron vices, value 21 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a smith
. On the 15th of October my place was broken open, and two iron vices stolen. I found one of them at a broker's shop in Monmouth-court.


                  JANE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I locked the cellar on the 15th of October, and next morning it was broken open. The prisoner worked for my husband some times.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MURRAY
               



            . On the 19th of October, I went with the prosecutor and his wife, to Oakley's, in Monmouth-court, where we found the vice. The same day I went to No. 21, St. Andrew's-street, and found the prisoner concealed behind his bed; they would not open the door, but we broke it open. I found another man in the room - he did not charge that man with it.


                  JOHN 
                  OAKLEY
               



            . I am a smith, and live in Monmouth-court. On Monday, the 18th of October, I bought this vice of Price, who lives at my house, for 6 s. Harrison claimed it about two hours after.


                  GEORGE 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a cabinet maker, and lodge with Oakley. On Monday, the 18th of October, I bought the vice of the prisoner for 5 s., and sold it for 6 s. I have known him twelve months; he is a tinman - another man was with him.
Q. Where did you buy it - A. In the prisoner's room, No. 21, St. Andrew's-street - I put the money on the table - the other man took part of it up and looked at it. I do not know who took the rest.
Prisoner's Defence. It was brought into my room by a man who asked me to buy it; I sent for Price, who bought it, and the man took the 5 s. up. At night they told me it was stolen, and I had better find the man, which I did, and took him to my room, but the officer took me, and let him go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
