





302. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GURNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, at St. Marylebone


, 17 lbs. of lead, value 3 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lankson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his
            , against the statute.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building of his.


                  JOHN 
                  LANKSON
               



            . I had a house in Buckingham-place, Fitzroy-square


, Marylebone, but did not live there at the time of the robbery - it was empty. On the 29th of December, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I went to shew the house to a gentleman. While he was gone for a light, I went to open the street-door, pulled the key out, and found I could not open it. When the light came I looked into the key-hole, and found there was a key inside. I knocked at the door three or four times very loud - several persons came round. Some of them said there were two persons running across the roof of the house. I went into the next house, got over the wall, and into my own yard - I found the yard-door open. When I got on the back-door landing-place, two men made their escape out of the street-door. I ran to the door, and called out Stop thief! the prisoner was brought back in about two minutes by Woodward and Smith. I went on the roof, and found the lead which covered the top of the door taken off, doubled up, and left on the party-wall. I saw it compared with the place, and am certain it is the lead - they had pulled the nails out, and taken it away. I found a sack on the garret landing-place.The key in the lock was the key of the door; I had left it with Mrs. Johns to show the premises.
JAMES WOODWARD. I am a tailor, and live in Fitzroy-place. I was going up Buckingham-place, and saw several people standing about the prosecutor's house - the prosecutor was knocking at the door - I looked up to the roof, and saw a person walking in the front gutter. I told the prosecutor, who went through the next house. Presently afterwards, the street-door opened rom within. I saw the prisoner, and Salmon, come out. I pursued and took the prisoner - I never lost sight of him - he ran very fast. I brought him back, and gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was near the house, and saw the prosecutor trying to get into the house. The street-door opened, Gurney and Salmon ran out - I pursued with Woodward, and saw Gurney stopped - he was never out of my sight.
WILLIAM HILL. I am a locksmith. I bought a key of three boys - they afterwards came, and bought it of me again. It was shewn to me at the office - it proved to be one of the keys of the prosecutor's house.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were given into my charge. In about a minute Salmon came to the watch-house door; I secured him, and found a pair of pincers on him - I also found a pen-knife and a pack of cards on the prisoner. I went to the house, found the nails had been drawn out, and the lead entirely moved away - it fitted exactly, and weighed 17 lbs. There had been an attempt to take more.
Prisoner's Defence. I ran with the rest, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
