





777. 
               
                  
                     JOSIAH 
                     WHARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of September
 an iron vice, value 12 s. a rule, value 6 d. and a plain, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Langridge
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LANGRIDGE
               



            . I am a chair maker
, I live at Newington-causeway


. All the things were safe in my shop, on the 2d of September when I went to bed, and my shop was locked; a little after six, on the morning of the 3d my lad informed me that some body had been in; I went into the shop, I found the vice was gone, and on the 4th I saw the rule and the plane at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I work for Mr. Langridge. On the 2d of September I used the vice and the plane the thing myself, between eight and nine in the evening. I came the next morning at six o'clock, the vice and the plane were gone, and the bag taken from the shop window on the inside. On the next day I saw the vice at Mr. Rhodes's, Vine-street, Clerkenwell; I said I could swear to it. I afterwards took my master there, and Mr. Rhodes had hid it, or taken it away.


                  RICHARD 
                  RHODES
               



            . I live at 25, Vine-street, Mutton-lane, I am a tool dealer and smith.
Q. There was a vice found on your premises by a search warrant - A. No, I found it afterwards, it was not upon my premises when the search warrant was executed I was alarmed about the prisoner, in case he had given me a wrong direction where he lived. I took the vice to the office, it was claimed by Mr. Langridge. I bought the vice on the same day of the prisoner, I gave twelve shillings for it; I bought a hatchet the same morning of the prisoner, that was sold to a stranger. This is the vice.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner as I have described on the other indictment. I found the plane on the drawer, and in his pocket I found this three foot rule.
Prisoner's Defence. This property was all concealed in a nail bag. On the morning of the 3d, at half past five I picked it up; after I picked the property up, I thought it was my own. My wife was brought to bed, I sold the vice to make money, and the rest I kept for my own use.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
