





734. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, a pocketbook, value 2 s.
             the property of a person to the jurors unknown.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of August I was at Hackney


, there were thousands of people there, Mr. Sadler went up in the balloon, I saw the prisoner there in company with a dozen more; I knew some of them; I saw them in the act of hustling a gentleman; I was close behind them watching them, I saw the prisoner take something from the gentleman's coat pocket and directly as he did that he gave them a signal to follow him, and put what he took out of the gentleman's pocket, under his coat; I laid hold of him, and directly I laid hold of him he dropped it; a gentleman close by me stooped down, picked it up, and gave it into my hand; I have had it in my possession ever since. I secured the prisoner with the assistance of a gentleman that came up who had been robbed of his watch, and asked me if I had got it.
Q.Does that pocket-book contain any thing - A. Yes, a passport from America. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bradshaw
               



             is wrote on the pocket book; I advertised it, and I went to the alien office. and enquired if he had been there; I could not find him out. At the time that I had got hold of the prisoner by the collar; I was attacked by those about him; I received a violent blow in my mouth; he endeavoured to get away from me. I had enough to do to secure the prisoner, I could not get at the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. It is all stories every word what he has said at Bow-street, he gave in two different statements.
COURT. I have looked at the depositions, they would not help the prisoner.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
