





844. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of September
, twenty-five pint pewter pots, value 2 l. and eight pewter quart pots, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Feathers public-house, the corner of Brownlow-street, Edgware-road




. I have lost nineteen poundsworth of pots since last April, and I have no doubt but this woman took three parts of them. On the 2nd of this month I had information that the prisoner had some pots in her possession. I went to Mr. Walker. The prisoner lodges in Mr. Walker's house. I asked Mr. Walker to go and look for my pots in the back garret: The prisoner lodged in the back garret in Mr. Walker's house. The prisoner then was not at home. I went the second time; Mr. Walker delivered five pint pots and one quart. About seven o'clock they sent over to me, and told me there was a strap full of pots. I went over; I brought out of the prisoner's room twenty pint pewter pots and seven quarts. These are the pots; they are every one of them mine.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner about your premises - A. Yes, she often came there. She fetched beer for Mrs. Large in the first floor in the same house.


                  MAETHEW 
                  WALKER
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house, in the back garret. From the information of Mr. Smith I went into the prisoner's room. I went up stairs with her when she came home; I told her I wished to go into the room; I was informed there were some pots there. She refused. At last I went in; I found five pints and one quart. She said the pots had been brought there in a mistake. About seven o'clock I went into the room again; she had absconded then. I found twenty pints and seven quarts in a bag by the side of the bed. In searching the room I found an old frying pan; in it were the remains of pewter.
Prisoner's Defence. These pots were carried up stairs by Mrs. Large's children. The frying pan was in the room when I first entered it; that belongs to Mr. Walker.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
