






545. 
               
                  MICHAEL KELLEY


               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KAY, alias 
CARTER




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and intering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Goodwin
                        




                     
                  , at about the hour of one in the night of the 19th of May
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing there in, one kettle, value 6s. one pelisse, value 10s. one shirt, value 6s. one gown, value 1s. two pairs of stockings, value 6d. and one table-cloth, value 3s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I and my wife and family went to bed on the night of the day in the indictment between twelve and one, and in the morning discovered the articles in the indictment to have been stolen. The way I suppose the entrance was made was by the flap of the cellar window, which was not fastened. I do not know whether it was shut or not, before I went to bed, and there was nothing to prevent a person from going in if it were open. I was awakened in the morning by the watchman, and it was then light enough for me to see what o'clock it was by my watch.


                  ANNE 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. We went to bed together. I do not know in what state the cellar window was when we went to bed. When I was alarmed in the morning, the first thing I missed was a tea-kettle, and I next missed the shirt, green cloth pelisse, and a table cloth.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Soerwby, pawnbroker, at No. 45, Chiswell street. Some things were brought to us to be pledged on the forenoon of the 20th of May; there was a new copper tea-kettle, a woman's palisse, a table cloth. The prisoner, Kelley, brought the pelisse and tablecloth; I am sure of that; he brought them after the kettle had been pledged. I advanced eight shillings on the pelisse and table cloth. He gave me the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Mops
               



            , I advanced five shilings on the tea-kettle in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Lake
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  LAKE
               



            . I am going on in my thirteenth year; I live with my father and mother. I know both the prisoners; I have known them about three or four months. I got up on the Monday morning, and was going out about half past six, when 
               
                  Michael 
                  Kelley
               



             came and asked me if I would pawn a teakettle for him; Kay was not with him at that time; I told him I would. I went after breakfast, and did so. He had it in a bag. I took it to Mr. Sowerby's, and asked eight shilling, and he gave me five; when I came out, I saw the prisoners, they were both standing together, near the door; I gave my father's name to the pawnbroker; I had been to pawn things for my father before. I gave the five shillings to 
               
                  Michael 
                  Kelley
               



            , and he gave me two pence, and 
               
                  George 
                  Kay
               



             gave me three pence.
KELLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KAY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
