





1472. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 12s. 6d. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William Banks 
                     Hudson
                  




               
            .
JAMES BATSON. I am servant to W. B. Hudson, who is a druggist
, and lives in the Haymarket


. On Sunday the 4th of October, about half past eight o'clock at night, the prisoner came and bought a pennyworth of honey. He gave me 6d. I gave him the change, and he went away. In about half an hour Wright called me into the shop; I found the prisoner there. He said he saw him take money out of the till. The prisoner denied it, and said he had been round the counter, to pick up his hat. We took him into the counting-house; he fell on his knees, said he had robbed the till of 8s. which he took out of his pocket. I said he must have taken more, as I knew what was in the till. He shook his clothes, and 4s. 6d. fell out.
RICHARD WRIGHT. I am assistant to the prosecutor. I was returning home, when I came to the shop-door I saw the prisoner behind the counter. Nobody else was in the shop. I waited outside to watch; saw him come round the counter on his hands and knees, get up, and was walking out. I went in and asked what he had been doing. He said nothing; that his hat had fallen over the counter, and he went round to fetch it. I called Batson, who took him into the counting-house. He fell on his knees, begged for mercy, and took 8s. out of his pocket, and said that was what he had taken. We said he had more, he got up, shook himself, and 4s. 6d. fell out.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress. The prosecutor said he would forgive me. He told me to call next day, which I did, and he gave me some victuals; told me to call again, which I did, and was taken.
BATSON re-examined. He told the prosecutor such a pitiful story that he let him go, after giving him a supper, and told him to call again. On further inquiry he thought proper to prosecute him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
