





671. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, a watch, value 1l. two seals, value 2l. a chain, value 5s. and a key, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gill
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 5s. a pair of breeches, value 4s. a handkerchief, value 3s. a pair of stockings, value 1s. and a waistcoat, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           West
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bedford
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  GILL
               



            . I am a sweep
. The prisoner at the bar came to my master's house to be a sweep also; my master's name is Bedford. I got up at about fouro'clock on the morning of the day in the indictment, to go to work, leaving the prisoner in bed. Returned at about half past six, and he was still in bed, and pretended to be asleep. Then I went out again until twenty minutes before eight, I then found he was gone, together with the property mentioned in the indictment, and he had left the clothes in which he came to us in the fire-place. I had seen my property safe the over night. We went in search of him; but could not find him. In a few days, a boy came to another sweep's house close by us, and having heard of it, I went into their cellar to see if it was the same boy, and found it was the prisoner; I found him hidden under the bed-clothes. The prisoner had part of my fellow servant
's clothes on when I took him.


                  JOHN 
                  STOCKS
               



            . I live in Strutton-ground, Westminster; I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pledged with me on the 13th of April, by a young man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DANBY
               



            . I am almost ten years old. I pawned that watch for the prisoner; he gave me five shillings for myself.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HOFFMAN
               



            . I keep a pork shop. I changed a one-pound note for the last witness; on the day that the fair began, Tothill-fields Fair.
GUILTY, aged 12,




               Of stealing to the amount of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
