





974. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     BRANAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, one set of harness, value 10 l.; six books, value 3 l., and 200 lbs. of paper, value 7 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Drake
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Matthew 
                        White
                     



.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the books and paper to be the property of 
               
our Lord the King



            ,


                  JOHN 
                  DRAKE
               



            , ESQ. I am Deputy Commissary General in his Majesty's service
. I had some harness in Mr. White's stable, also some books and official papers; they were left in the room over the stable. The prisoner was in my employ in 1816, and was occasionally in my service in February last. I went to France, and left these things safe; the harness was to be sent to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a shopkeeper, and live in Draper's-place, Burton-crescent. About three months ago, I bought a book of the prisoner as waste paper; I gave him 10 s. 6 d. for it. I sold it to a young woman named Pearsall; about a month after I bought several others of him at 6 d. per pound; he said he had them to sell for another person. The officer took them from my house about five weeks ago.
MR. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live in Bedford-square; Mr. Drake's papers were on my premises. On the 3d of June I found the prisoner in custody, then went to the stable, and missed the harness and papers; the prisoner was employed in the stable, and had the key all day. I went with Plank, and found several small books at Martin's.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a saddle and harness-maker, and live in Francis-street, Tottenham-court-road. On the 28th of May, I bought some harness of the prisoner. He then said he had some coach-harness, which he had shown to a gentleman, and if he did not buy it I should look at it. On the 3d of June, about eleven o'clock in the morning, he called, and sent me to the Cock, public-house, in Tottenham-court-road, where the harness was; he came in as I was looking at it, asked ten guineas for it, and said that 
               
                  Bill 
                  Gibbons
               



             had offered him 7 l. 10 s. for it. I offered him 7 l. for it, and went away; he followed me, and at last said I should have it. I said I could not fetch it then. I went and gave information to the constable. While I was at dinner the prisoner came to know if I was coming for it. Cousins the constable, and myself followed him down to the Cock, public-house; he asked me if I knew Gibson, in Goswell-street. We accompanied him there, and told Mr. Gibson the circumstances; he said he never heard the harness was for sale. The prisoner said it was given to him at the stable. I asked him to go round to Mr. White's, which he refused; we went, and he followed. In consequence of what Miss White said, he was taken into custody. The harness was in a chest.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and took possession of the harness.


                  JOHN 
                  DRAKE
               



            , ESQ. re-examined. I left the chest full of papers, and the harness hung up in the room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Drake authorized me to sell some old harness. I thought this was also for sale.
GUILTY. Aged 32.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
