






95. 
               
                  ANN 
                  MORRIS
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  M'DEMAW
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, four three-shilling bank tokens, and one shilling, the property of 
                     
                        Javey 
                        Jagger
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAVEY JAGGER. I am a journeyman linen-draper
; I live in Great Rassel-street, Bloomsbury. I was crossing Covent Garden market


, the prisoners sack thrusted an arm into mine. This was between twelve and one o'clock. They took my money out of my pocket. I saw Morris's hand pass to the other, and I heard the money jingle. Morris was the person that took the money from my pocket. I did not fell her hand in my pocket. I had four three-shilling pieces, and a Queen Ann's shilling. Directly the prisoners loosed me I felt in my pocket, and found my money was gone. I laid hold of Morris, and called assistence. The watchman came up, and took hold of the other. They were taken to the watchhouse, and my tokens were found upon them, and the Queen Ann's shilling likewise. I can swear to there being a Queen Ann's shilling.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to me. Jaggers charged Morris of taking his money, and handing them over to M'Demaw. M'Demaw handed me out of the four three-shilling tokens, and a Queen Ann shilling.
Morris's Defence. The prosecutor said he had got no money to treat any girl with. He asked me if I knew Mrs. Gray. I said, no.
M'Demaw's Defence. I was in Covent Garden; the prosecutor asked me if I knew a young woman of the name of Gray. I said, I did. It was a cold night; I asked him to give me something to drink. He said, come into the Garden and he would give me a shilling. He then went away.
MORRIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
M'DEMAW, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
