





280. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AYRE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 11th of June, in the 48th year of his Majesty's reign, at St. Andrew's, Dublin, in Ireland, did marry one 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Osborne
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; and that he afterwards, in June, in the 53d year of his Majesty's reign, feloniously did marry one 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , widow
, his former wife being then alive
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . Q. Have you a daughter named Margaret - A. Yes, I saw her on the 18th of last month; she was living in London.
Q. Look at the man at the bar - A. I know him; his name is 
               
                  James 
                  Ayre
               



            ; I was present when he married my daughter, at St. Andrew's chapel, Dublin; that was in the month of June, in 1808. My daughter was a Catholic, and he said he was a Catholic.
Q. Your daughter is alive - A. Yes.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. When was it you had the misfortune to be married to that man at the bar - A. In June, last year. I know he is the man. We were married at St. James's church, Westminster. He has had two hundred and fifty pounds of my money.
Prisoner's Defence. This happened in November what they want to criminate me on. I have been arrested by means of Mrs. Ayre, the last witness, and now to criminate me they have brought a person from Ireland.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
