





342. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CROFTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, six pounds weight of tea, value 43 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BORAM
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Evans, grocer
, in St. John-street, in the parish of St. Sepulchre


.
Q. Look at the prisoner; do you know his person - A. Quite well. On the 14th of April, between seven and eight, he came into my master's shop; he asked for two ounces of Spanish juice; he paid me for it; he then asked me for a quarter of a pound of soap. When I was cutting the soap he took the tea and ran into the street. The tea was in a bag, ready to be sent off; six pounds; forty-three shillings was the value of it; that is what it cost my master. I have the liberty of looking at the bills. The tea was sold for forty-five shillings. After the prisoner took the tea, he ran sharp out of the shop; I followed him, crying, stop thief. He throwed the tea down. I kept running after him. He crossed the street; I took him before he reached over the street; by running, I trod on his heel; we both fell down together. I secured him, and took him back to the shop, and gave him into custody. A gentleman took the tea into the shop. When I got up I saw him with the tea; and when the gentleman brought the tea into the shop I could tell it was the same tea, by the fold of the tea. There was a bill of the tea in it. I put the tea up myself. I gave the parcel of tea to Thomas Hudson, the constable.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am patrol of St. John-street. I saw the prisoner and Boram struggling together in St. John-street. The last witness charged him with stealing the tea. I took the prisoner into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I am a constable. Boram delivered the tea to me with the bill in it as it is now.
Boram. This is the same tea that was brought back by the gentleman; it is the parcel I saw the prisoner take up and run away with it. It is my master's property. The shop is part of the dwelling-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor; I have no recollection of what passed. The next morning I found myself in the watchhouse.
GUILTY, aged 22,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.









               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
