





7. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FISHPOOL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William James 
                           Hill
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten, on the night of the 9th of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, a snuff box, value 5 s. a silver mounted pipe, value 30 s. and a silver segar tube, value 4 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES HILL
               



            . I lived in Wardour-street


 at that time. On the 26th of October the robbery was committed, there is a mistake in the day of the month in the indictment. I keep a tobacconist's shop, and sell boxes and pipes
, my family consists of my wife and myself, and a maid-servant; the robbery was committed at ten o'clock; a piece of glass was cut out of the window. About five minutes before the articles were missing out of the window I was in the shop, no person was with me, my wife was gone out. I was in the parlour adjoining the shop, the maid was below in the kitchen.
Q. You went into the shop just before you missed the things - A. Yes.
Q. Then you say you went into the parlour - A. Yes.
Q. What time of night might that be - A. That was, I should think, about a quarter before ten o'clock.

Q. Perfectly dark, of course, was it not - A. Yes, out of doors. The shop was lit up.
Q. Before you went out of the shop you missed nothing - A. No.
Q. Perhaps you had not cast your eye to the articles - A. I had seen them, and had handled them; the pipe in particular; the pane of glass in the window that they took the things from had been cracked across the night previous; I particularly noticed that pane before I went into the parlour, it was in the same situation as it was the night before, and the same as it had been all day. After I went in the parlour my wife came in from the grocers, she said, you have had a great sale of things. I went to the window and observed that there was a hole in the pane of glass in the window that they had starred before. I found the articles missing, a silver mounted German pipe, a silver segar tube, and a silver mounted leather snuff box.
Q. How near were these articles to the window that was broken open - A. They were close against the pane that was cut, and the pipe was hung immediately over the pane, and the segar tube and the snuff box were on the shelf under the broken pane.
Q. Was the hole in the window large enough for a man or a boy's hand to be admitted - A. Yes; any person putting their hand in through that hole might have taken these articles.
Q. Did you hear any noise of breaking the window - A. No, I heard nothing.
Q. Was the door of your shop open or shut - A. Open, I believe, it might be shut; it was shut and open occasionally. If any body had come into the shop by the door I must have seen them; while I was in the parlour can take upon me to say that no person came into the shop by the door but my wife.
Q. Was the crack in the pane of glass that you observed in the night before and in the day had you any reason to think it might have fell out - A. No, there was no danger of the piece of glass falling out; I had cleaned it in the day, it did not shake at all. I searched about afterwards, there was no glass left outside, nor had it fell in the area.
Q. You know nothing of the prisoner, do you - A. When I saw him in custody I recollected having seen him about the neighbourhood; I cannot say that night. He was taken up on Sunday, (the next day) for another robbery. On Wednesday Cooper the officer brought the snuff box and shewed it me, it was the very snuff box I had lost. On Thursday I saw the prisoner at Queen-square office, and I swore to the snuff box before the magistrate. I have not found the other articles.
Prisoner. Can you swear that you lost that snuffbox, or had you sold it - A. I am positive I never sold it; I lost it that very evening.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            , I am an officer of Queen-square. I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday the 27th of October, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I searched him, I found a broken pointed knife and this snuffbox; I asked the prisoner where he got that box; he said I had no business with it, he bought it, but he did not say where he bought it. I told him I should keep it in my custody; I left him in Bridewell. I made enquiry and found Mr. Hill had been robbed on the Saturday night previous to my apprehending him.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at that box, can you undertake to swear positively that is your box - A. This is the same box that I lost, there is my hand-writing on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought that box on a Thursday and gave three shillings for it to a man that stands in the street with boxes; it is to-morrow three weeks ago.
Cooper. It is six weeks ago that he was taken in custody.
GUILTY, aged 14,




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
