





114. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 7 lbs. of sugar, value 7 s.; 19 ounces of tea, value 11 s.; 2 lbs. of soap, value 18 d., and ten nutmegs, value 10 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Sparrow
                  




               
            .
Counsel for the prosecution, MR. ANDREWS.


                  FREDERICK 
                  SPARROW
               



            . I am a tea-dealer and grocer
, and live on Ludgate-hill


. The prisoner came into my service on the 2d of August, and lodged in the house. I discharged him; he asked me to give him a quarter's wages, which I did; at the same time he wished to go out at six o'clock; I gave him leave to do, and told him he must return by eleven o'clock. He said he could not, and would not come home that night. He came early in the morning. About a week afterwards he behaved impudent, and I discharged him. He left me on the 23d of November; he had sent his box away the day before.
Q. Did you go to Mrs. Dolton's, where the prisoner lodged - A. I did about a week after, on missing some of cocoa. She lives in Colville-yard, Windmill-street, Haymarket. I there searched his box, which I had seen in my house, and understood it to be his - it was locked. I found a piece of sugar, weighing 7 lbs.; a paper bag of tea, weighing about 9 ounces; 2 1/2 lbs. of soap, and ten nutmegs. I knew them all to be my property. There is my name chalked on the sugar, and on the paper there is a piece of an East India catalogue under the blue paper which has my writing on it. The tea is gunpowder tea, and is the same quality as mine; I know the bag. I went in pursuit of the prisoner with the officer that day; we found him at Bell's, in the Haymarket. I told him I had lost this property, and wished him to shew me where his lodgings were. He said in Windmill-street. The officer asked him to go and shew us his box; he agreed at first, then hesitated, and said he did not see any reason why he should go. The officer said he should take him if he would not. We went out together, and as soon as he got out he ran as hard as he could. We pursued with several others - he was taken about a mile off. We took him to Bow-street. The officer searched him, and found two keys and two nutmegs in his pocket. The officer again asked him, where his lodgings were? He said,
"Here!" We were then in a public-house. One of the keys opened his box.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. You would have sold the sugar with the mark on it - A. Yes. I did not see his box brought into my house. I never sold any thing to him. Another man slept in the room with the prisoner.


                  SARAH 
                  DOLTON
               



            . I live in Colville-yard, Windmill-street. I pointed out the box to the prosecutor and the officer. I was not at home when it was brought to my house; I had not seen it before they came. Four men lodged in the room with the prisoner, and there were seven boxes. I never saw the prisoner go to the box.
Q. How came you to point out the box to the prosecutor and the officer - A. Because it was at the foot of the prisoner's bed.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Mr. Sparrow to the prisoner's lodgings. We met Mrs. Dolton at her own room door. In consequence of what passed between us we went to this box - it was locked. I took these things out. Before that I found two keys on the prisoner - one of them opened the box as well as any key could.
Cross-examined. Q. It was a common key - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
