






603. 
               
                  
                     DIANA 
                     FIDLER
                  , alias 
SCHULLS




            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DIX
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        Mumbaccus
                     



                  , six 2 l. bank notes
             his property.
MUMBACCUS. I am a foreigner
.
Q. What do you know about these two women - A. I only know about 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dix
               



            ; I do not know what day it was; I was sitting at the Angel public-house, Mr. Mitchells; the prisoners were sitting in the public-house when I went in they came and sat on each side of me, and at the time they went away Poll put her hand into my pocket and took my money away.


                  MARY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I was sitting in the Angel public house, in the opposite box to the prosecutor, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dix
               



             sat on one side and 
               
                  Diana 
                  Fidler
               



             on the other; I heard this man call for something to drink; I saw several notes in his pocket, besides odd money, 
               
                  Diana 
                  Fidler
               



             said to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dix
               



            , he has got plenty of money, why do not you draw him; Dix said, I never did such a thing, I do not wish to do it; Fidler said Poll, you are a fool if you do not do it. I went out and came in a little time afterwards, the prosecutor called for something to drink; the prisoners were gone then; he put his hand into his pocket, he had no money to pay for the beer; I went away home, in about an hour and a half I came up to this place to get a pint of beer for my supper I saw the prosecutor standing by the public-house door, he was crying, saying he lost his money.
GEORGE PATRIDGE. On the 21st of June I was informed that Dix, in company with Fidler and another had robbed the Lascar, I took Dix and another young woman to the office; the other girl the magistrate discharged. I found upon Dix a shilling and a few halfpence; I went after Mrs. Fidler, I took her, and found nothing upon her.
Q. Were you present when these women were examined - A. Yes. I saw Dix and the magistrate sign the examination.
(Read.)
"
               
                  Mary 
                  Dix
               



            , I live in Bluegate fields, I took the money from the prosecutor at the Angel in Back-lane, they were six two pound bank of England notes. I had been drinking with 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Gray
               



            , she knew nothing of taking the money. Fidler advised me to rob the prosecutor, I went out into the yard, and hid the money behind the water-butt. The next morning Mrs. Fidler took the money and gave me six pounds. I do not know what I did with some of the money, as I was very much in liquor."
Signed by the mark of Dix X
Dix's Defence. I was very much in liquor, Fidler persuaded me to take the money; I said no, she said, if I did not take it I never should enter the door of her house; after I took it she put it behind the water butt, and in the morning she took it from behind the water butt; I asked her what she had got, she said, what she had got she would keep, and she gave me six pounds.
Fidler's Defence. It is all false what she says; she unfortunately slept in the house that night, in the morning, she asked me to go with her to the Angel, she said she left some money there; I went with her; she said go into the yard with me; I went with her; she then said, I have put a little money here, if we get it safe we will have something that is good; she took the broom and took it from behind the water-butt; I picked them up, I told her I could not read; she said, as I was going to Gravesend, and wanted a little money she would give me two pounds, I said no, lend it me, and I will pay you.
FIDLER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .

DIX - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.






               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 




               fined 1 s.
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
