







956. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 15th of September
, certain marks, to wit, nine marks, of the broad ar then being upon three casks, the property of 
                     
lord the king




                  , for victualling stores, the said marks being usually used upon such stores of our Lord the King, did deface and take out of the three casks; and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wallis
                        



                     
                  , for that he, before the felony aforesaid, was committed by 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lewis
                     



                  , on the same day, and the same place, did cause and procure the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lewis
                     



                   the felony to do and commit for the purpose of concealing the three casks, the stores of our Lord the King
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police; on the the 15th of September I went on board the brig Bactor


; she was lying off New Crane Stairs, Shadwell, Middlesex


. When I went on board, I saw Lewis on deck; I asked him if there was any King's stores on board, he said not that he knew of. I then proceeded to search the ship, and in the hold I saw three casks, and underneath the casks I found a quantity of casks. I produce this bag of chips; I found these chips under the casks; there was then part of the broad arrow upon many of them; they had just been cut off.
Q. Had any thing been done to the casks to conceal the chips being cut off - A. Yes, they had been painted; the paint was wet upon them; the casks had been originally painted all over, but they were fresh painted over the parts that had been cut off. There had been chips taken off by each side of the bung-hole, and also on the head of the cask; the places where the chips had been taken off are the places were the broad arrow is usually put on. I went on board and asked Lewis where the casks come from; he said from France, by the commissary in France; he said he had taken soldiers; these casks were sent on board to contain water for the soliders. I then asked him how they come not to be returned at Deptford, when he returned the other stores; he said he was freighted at Bourdeaux with brandy, I asked him why they were not returned back? He said that 
               Wallis
             the other prisoner, who went out as supercargo of the ship had told him that the casks were given to him by the commissary in France, and that he had no occasion to return them. Lewis told me he was master of the vessel himself; I then asked him who cut the marks out of the casks; he said he did not know who had done it.
Mr. BELL. I am master cooper of the victualling premises at Deptford. The casks are usually marked on each side of the bung and upon the head. On these casks, the marks on each side of the bung are taken out or defaced. They are the marks that we usually put on them. I have no doubt they were the stores of the victualling office, Deptford; the rase mark is taken out; it is a little mark. I have examined all the three casks; I have no doubt or hesitation in saying they are part of his Majestys stores at Deptford.
JOHN SMITH. I am an apprentice to the owners of the ship. I remember Mitcnell coming on board, and seizing these three casks.
Q. What had been done on these three casks - A. When he came on board that morning, he gave orders to get them out from underneath some wood that was forward; he cut out the marks of the broad arrow, and told me to paint them over; he painted some, and I the others, and afterwards, in about three or four hours, the officer came on board.
Lewis's Defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I stand before you charged with an offence against an act of parliament, to this time unknown to me. On the 31st of August I shipped myself on board the brig Bactor, Captain Wallis, commander, at three pounds a month, and continued on board as mate. Soon after I became acquainted with Captain Wallis; he told me a young man of the name of Shew, who was subject to the impress; he said it would be necessary for me to have my name on the book as captain, and Shew as mate. I never took any charge of her. I was always obedient to the orders of Captain Wallis. Three puncheons came on board, and were filled with water at Bourdeaux, for the ship's company. I arrived at Deptford, and was informed, the ship casks were not to be delivered at the victualling office; Captain Wallis ordered me to take out them marks of the three casks; I did as he commanded me before all the ship's company. I thought I was correct. I still left most conspicuously the broad arrow on the hoops of the said casks. I had my chests in the deck of the vessel, when a Thames Police officer came on board; he said the three casks were concealed, that they had his Majesty' mark defaced; he found by the men on board that I had done it. I was then taken to the Thames Police office, and then ordered to attend the next day; not knowing the difficulty, I attended the following day at the office, where I met with the captain, and instead taking to himself the ill consequence of this act, in consequence of his command, he converted it into a shield for his own protection, saying that I was captain, and that he acted as supercargo; that the magistrate would not believe, and from the evidence then adduced, the magistrate committed Captain Wallis and me for trial, whereas I acted by the captain's commands.
LEWIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
WALLIS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
