






176. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COX
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BARNET 
                     KEELING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of February
, a carpet, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin Merryman 
                     Nias
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MERRYMAN NIAS
               



            . I am a carpet dealer
. I live in Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital. On the 5th of February I sent this carpet in a cart with my man; he was to take it to one of the inns in Bishopgate-street, to be conveyed to Mr. Fedders, at a village near Croydon.


                  CHARLES 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Nias. On Monday the 5th of February, I was sent out with the horse and cart, and two trusses to Bishopsgate-street, and to call at Mr. Allen's in Size-lane with a message; I left my cart in Bow-lane


 about seven o'clock in the evening; there was a town cart in the way; I could not get past, I spoke to the carman, I asked the carman if he was going on, he said, no; I said, will this cart and horse be in your way while I go to Size-lane with a message; he said, no. I went and delivered the message, and when I returned to the horse and cart the small truss was gone; I spoke to the man with the cart, he said he knew nothing of it; I got up into the cart and saw it was not there; I went with my cart to Bishopgate street and delivered my other truss. I never saw either of the prisoners to my knowledge.


                  CHARLES 
                  EMBERY
               



            . I am an officer of Bishopsgate. As the bell struck eight on the 5th of February, in the evening, Haslam the witness went into the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



             to take a glass of liquor; I was in company with him at the time; as we came out of the door a coach drew up to the window; the prisoner Keeling and another got out of the coach and left the prisoner Cox in the coach; I stepped up to the coach and got upon the step; the prisoner Cox shoved the carpet up against me, knocked me off the step, and got out of the other door of the coach; Haslam immediately followed him, and I carried the carpet into the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            ; Keeling made his escape and was not taken till the next day: Haslam took Cox. This is the carpet. I knew Keeling before, I am certain he is the same man, and I am certain of Cox.


                  JAMES 
                  HASLAM
               



            . I was in company with Embery. I was going to my club. I went in and had a glass of gin and came out again; this coach stopped at the door; two men came out of the coach; Cox stood stagnated in the coach; he shoved the carpet at Embery, opened the off side of the coach door, jumped out, and ran towards Aldgate church; he found that I was pursuing him close, he gave me a dodge, then he ran towards Bishopgate church; Thrubshall and I laid hold of him in Houndsditch, by the worm-makers, towards Bishopgate church; we took him to the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            's Head and searched him; we found no property on him.
Q. Are you sure that he is the same person that jumped out of the coach - A. I never had my eyes off him; I am certain he is the same person.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  THRUBSALL
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday evening, the 5th of February, I was going on duty by the East India company's warehouse; a coach stopped at the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            , I heard the word of stop thief, I saw the man. I and Haslam catched hold of him. I went to the Gould House and there I apprehended the other prisoner. Mr. Embery said he was the person.
Cox's Defence. Please you, my lord, as I was coming along Barbican I met two men; they asked me if I would carry this parcel for them, they would give me eighteen pence; I carried it to Aldersgate-street; I found it too heavy for me; they said if I would go with it they would take a coach; I went with the coach. They stopped at the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            ; the two men ran away, and as I had some suspicion of it being stolen property, I chucked the carpet down and jumped outside of the coach.
Keeling left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
Cox called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
COX - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.
KEELING - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 11.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
