





394. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one scarf, value 10 s.; one pair of stockings, value 4 s. 6 d.; one pair of gloves, value 1 s.; one pair of shoes, value 2 s. 6 d.; one necklace, value 8 s.; one brooch, value 7 s.; one comb, value 6 d.; two pieces of net, value 8 s., and two yards of lace, value 11 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Peake
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, from her person
            .
MISS MARGARET PEAKE. On the 4th of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in the Lower-road, Islington, on my way to Newington-green


, the prisoner and another person were standing at the corner of a street, they came up to me, and snatched a parcelout of my hand, containing the articles stated in the indictment; they immediately ran across the street together with it, towards the Shepherd and Shepherdess fields - I followed them. The first persons I met were Mr. Green and Mr. Carr; I informed them, they pursued them across the field, and, I believe, took the parcel from the prisoner - I am certain he was one of them. I never lost sight of him except for a moment.
MR. JOHN CLEVELAND GREEN. On the 4th of February, I met Miss Peake, who said she had been robbed by two boys - the prisoner and another were pointed out to me. I immediately followed and overtook the prisoner with the bundle in his hand. He struggled, I threw him down; Carr came up and secured him - the other got away.


                  GEORGE 
                  CARR
               



            . I met the prosecutrix - I pursued the boys and secured the prisoner with the bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman gave it to me to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
