





664. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of February
, one pocket-book, value 1s., and six 1l. notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Timmins
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  TIMMINS
               



            . I live at Tipton, in Staffordshire. On the 22d of February, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was in the cabin of my barge at Brentford lock


, with my two little brothers; the prisoner worked the barge with me; I left it, and said I should return soon. I left my pocket-book and six 1l. notes in the cabin cupboard. I went to a public-house, and found the prisoner there. I had left him in the barge - He asked me for some money, I refused, and told him he was in debt; he left the public-house. I returned in about three-quarters of an hour, found he was not there, and the pocket-book and money gone. I found him next day at the Magpie, public-house, at Brentford; he said he would not work for a master who would give no money. I told him he had money enough. I went to search him; he had a man with him who knocked me down. I sent for a constable, he found the pocket-book, and four country notes on him, which were mine; the other two were Bank of England notes.


                  RICHARD 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am a constable. I found the pocketbook, and four 1l. notes, on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The money was given to us to supply us both with what we wanted. Timmons refused to give me any, and I took what I wanted.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
