





333. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of April
, twenty-three pair of stockings, value 3 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Romanis
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ROMANIS
               



            . I am an hosier
, in Cheapside


. I only know the stockings are mine.
WILLIAM MUST. I am shopman to Mr. Romanis. On the 2nd of April, about five o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop; she was alone; she asked to look at a pair of black worsted stockings. I shewed her some. I went to another part of the counter to wait upon another person. We were very busy at the time. I was desired by a customer to watch her; 
               
                  James 
                  Black
               



             told me to watch her. I watched her; I saw her take two parcels of stockings off the counter; she put them in her pockethole. I accused her of stealing the parcels; she said, for God's sake do not take away my life. She dropped the stockings on the floor; I picked them up under her, and then informed my master.
Q. How many stockings were there in the two parcels that she took - A. Ten pair in one, woollen, and thirteen pair of cotton in the other; the woollen ones were worth three shillings and sixpence a pair; the thirteen pair of cotton are worth more than three pounds.


                  JAMES 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am a revenue officer. I was in Mr. Romanis's shop on the 2nd of April; I saw the prisoner come in; she placed herself by the stockings on the counter. The first thing I saw her move was a parcel of stockings close to her, by the edge of the counter; I kept my eye upon her. In the course of time the parcel was gone; I could not see how they went. I saw one parcel picked up by her feet. When the second parcel went I told the lad to mind her. I pointed to the lad to pick up a parcel of stockings at the prisoner's feet; he picked them up. She paid for the article she was purchasing. Theprisoner then turned towards me; I then saw a parcel of stockings between her knees. I said ma'am, you have gone far enough with this; she stooped on oneside, and the stockings dropped. She said, she had nothing. Mr. Romanis then was called down; the account was given to him of the transaction. I asked Mr. Romanis if he wanted a constable; he said, no. The prisoner left the shop, and left the change of a three-shilling piece behind her. After she was gone I said it was very ridiculous to let such a character as her go upon the public. One of the men jumped over the counter, and went after her.
GEORGE VAUGHAN. I took charge of this woman. I saw her go into the shop. I knew her person. I watched her on the opposite side of the way. I saw her come out again; she seemed as if she was very ill. She turned on the corner to the right, by Mr. Romanis's. I went after her; she was standing up against the step of a door. I asked her what she had got under her arm; it was one pair of black stockings, and different remnants of ribbon. Nothing else was found. When she was laid hold of, Mr. Romanis and this gentleman said she had taken these stockings.
Must. These are the stockings I saw the prisoner put in her pocket-hole.
Vaughan. About an hour before this period I saw the prisoner in Holborn; she went into Mr. Townsend's shop; I saw her come out; I watched her to Fleet-market, where there is a person sits and sells ribbons. I saw her drop some ribbon on the stall, and some money passed from her daughter. I watched her from there to Mr. Romanis's shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the stockings off Mr. Romanis's counter. I asked the boy to shew me a pair of black stockings; he shewed me them. I paid for them. When I went into the shop there were several papers of stockings laying on the ground. I am innocent of taking the stockings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
