





342. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th January
 of two blankets value 5 s. a pair of sheets, value 4 s. and a counterpane value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sheen
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a patrole. On Saturday evening, the 14th of January, I saw the prisoner, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw him offering these things for sale, two blankets a pair of sheets, and a counterpane; he was just inside of a jews shop, I asked him where he had got the property. he told me he had brought it out of Church lane, from his own place; I was not satisfied, I sent my partner to Church-lane, in the mean while he he was gone, he told me he had given a false direction, he had brought them out of Rose court, Blue-anchor-yard; I took the prisoner to the watchhouse, I took these things upon him, I have had them in my care ever since.


                  ANN 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sheen
               



            , he is an undertaker
 the prisoner lived in Rose court


, he was a tennant
 to my father, my father has several houses; he lives at No. 4, my father has the house No. 3, besides, the prisoner lived at No. 3, the constable went to his room, I went to the watchhouse and saw these articles; these articles are my fathers property, they were taken from No. 3


, I went to No. 3, and found the door open. and the bed things gone off the bed, these are the very things that belonged to the bed in the prisoner's room.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            , I am a constable. The patrole came and informed me that he had stopped this property; he described the room, I went to the room and saw the clothes off the bed.



               GUILTY
             aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
