





501. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of March
, a shilling and a sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Emanuel 
                     Frances
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Frances
                  



               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  FRANCES
               



            . I am nine years old.
Q. What is your father - A. A seafaring man
; On Easter Monday a gentleman in the house gave me and my sister and brother sixpence a piece; it was for a fairing, it was a shilling and a six-pence;I had a little box, my mother gave it me to put in my box. I was going to get some things, the prisoner took the box out of my hand, and took the money out and gave me the box again; it was in Brown Bear Alley


, I am sure the prisoner is the woman, she lived next door.
ANN FRANCES. Mr. King a gentleman in the house gave me a shilling and my sister six-pence for a fairing, I gave my sister 
               Hannah
             the money to put in the box, and the prisoner seeing the silver in the box, took the box out of her hand, she called out mother the woman has got the money, and before thy came to the door the prisoner put the money in her pocket, my mother came out and asked her what business she had with the box or the money either; she said she gave her the box back again and denied having the money.


                  ANN 
                  FRANCES
               



            . A lodger in our house he gave my children six pence a piece, I took my little boy's six-pence away and gave him a half-penny, my little girl had six-pence, she then had one shilling and sixpence in her box; my children called out, they said this woman had taken the money from my child. I said to her give them back the one shilling and six-pence, she denied having the money and went in door's and shut the door in my face.


                  JOHN 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody, the prisoner denied having the money, and some time after she offered the money back again.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn, she told me if I would give her the one shilling and six-pence she would not think any more of it, I told her I could not think of paying one shilling and six-pence for nothing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
