







379. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HUBBARD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one watch, value 20 s.; two bottles, value 2 s; two quarts of brandy, value 10 s., two quarts of gin, value 6 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nitch
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NITCH
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in High Holborn


. On the 20th of January, I went to bed about twelve o'clock at night; I was called up by the watchman, found the cellar doors open, and a trap-door, which leads from my shop to the cellar, also open - nothing was broken. It was all safe when I went to bed. We went into the cellar, found the brandy, rum, and gin casks all left running - they were thirty gallon casks; there was a gallon bottle under the rum cask. I suppose about six gallons of rum, five of brandy, and seven or eight of gin were gone. There are also cocks leading from these casks into the bar - these were also left running; a stone bottle, full of rum, was left on the cellar steps, which was not there when I went to bed; they all hung up empty the night before. One bottle full of gin stood on the window, and another half full, was on the floor - my name is on all my bottles. I missed 4 s. in copper, 1 s. 6 d. in silver, and a metal watch, out of the till.
Q. How could they get into the cellar - A. I cannot think how, unless they concealed themselves under a bow-window in the cellar the night before, which they could easily do without my seeing them - they could then open the doors inside. About seven o'clock that morning I found the three prisoners at St. Giles's watch-house - my watch, and two bottles were produced to me, one contained rum, and the other gin. I know they were in the house the night before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CRANE
               



            . I keep a coffee-shop in Broad-street, St. Giles's. On the 20th of January, between five and six o'clock in the morning, the three prisoners came to my house with the two bottles produced - they paid me 8 1/2 d. in copper; Hubbard pulled the watch out of his pocket, and handed it to the rest - they examined it; Jones and 
               Randall
             each carried the bottles out - they remained in my house about ten minutes. One went to the door, looked out, and said to the other
"Come - it is all right," and all three went out. I suspected them, and went and told Mahoney, the watchman; I watched them into anothercoffee-shop in Bowles-yard, about twenty yards off - they were taken soon after. I am sure they are the men.


                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Giles's. On Wednesday morning, the 20th of January, Crane gave me information, and I found the prisoners in a coffee-shop, at the corner of Bowles-yard; they had two bottles between their legs. As we were taking them to the watch-house, Hubbard took the watch out of his pocket and threw it down an area - I saw a woman pick it up. I did not see it thrown away, but when we got to the watch-house, Cuthbert said he saw it thrown away; we went back, and found it in the area - the bottles were between Randall and Jones.


                  HENRY 
                  CUTHBETT
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Giles's. I was at the door of the coffee-shop with Gates - Mahoney came; we went in and took the prisoners - the stone bottles were under the seat where they sat - I took Jones. As we were going along Smart's-buildings, I heard something drop from him into the area - it jingled - nobody but him could have dropped it; I said there was something dropped - he said it was only a piece of bread and butter. I took him to the watch-house, returned to the area, and found the watch there. Mahoney was before us with the other two.
HUBBARD'S Defence. I was returning from the play, saw a man run away, and I picked up the bottles and watch.
JONES'S Defence. I met Hubbard and Randall, and went to the coffee-shop with them.
RANDALL'S Defence. I met Jones, and afterwards met Hubbard - he said he found the things.
HUBBARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
RANDALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
