





644. 
               
                  
                     CONSTANTINE 
                     MILCOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, an the 26th of April
, seventeen pounds weight of bacon, value 11 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cole
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREW WATKINSON
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cole
               



            , a cheesemonger
, No. 187, Wapping Wall


, near the new crane. On the 26th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner take the bacon from off the bench inside the shop close to the door; one piece of bacon between sixteen and seventeen pounds. He came into the shop, asking for an ounce of tobacco, I told him we did not sell it, and pointing to a shop opposite where they sold it; he went over, I saw him cross the way; in a few minutes I saw him walk by the door, and look in, at last I had some suspicion, as I had lost some bacon on the Saturday before, I kept out of his sight concealed, he walked backwards and forwards, he had a bag under his arm; at last nobody appearing to him to be in the shop, he stole the bacon, put it into his bag, and walked off. I pursued him, in about an hundred yards I laid hold of him; I said my friend, walk back, he went back, he had the bacon under his arm covered with the cloth, he laid it down on the bench, I got a constable and he was secured; the bacon is worth ten shillings.


                  MICHAEL 
                  PRICE
               



            . I took the man into custody, and this piece of bacon; I have kept it ever since.
Prosecutor. It is my bacon.
Prisoner's Defence. I was a stranger in that part, a man asked me to carry the bacon as far as Hermitage bridge; he said, I will give you money for it, you seem distressed; the gentleman took me into custody, he said I stole the bacon.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
