






869. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     RAGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, one hundred and seventy-four yards of bed ticking, value 11 l. six pieces of cotton lace, value 3 l. 3 s. and a wrapper, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Norris
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Norris
                  



               
             And
TWO OTHER COUNTS for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
SAMUEL DANIEL. I live in Princes-street, Soho. The goods were consigned to me by Messrs. Norris; the date of the invoice is the 8th of October; they are bed ticking, one hundred and twenty-two yards of one quality, and fifty-two of another, making altogether one hundred and seventy-four yards, and six pieces of cotton-lace, and there was a wrapper; Thomas Norris and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Norris
               



             sent them to me.
Q. Did you ever get them - A. No; I had an invoice, by which I expected such goods to come by Pickford the waggoner.
JOHN WRIGHT. I am clerk to Messrs. Pickfords, their names are 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickford
               



            , 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Pickford
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Pickford
               



            , and 
               
                  Mathew 
                  Pickford
               



            .
Q. Do you remember the arrival of these goods at Paddington - A. I do, they arrived on the 18th of last month by the canal, they were put into the warehouse. I am the clerk of the warehouse at Paddington. In about two hours afterwards they were delivered to Cowdall our carman; the truss was directed to Mr. Daniel, the truss was numbered, and the weight mark upon it, half a hundred and twelve pounds; I say it put in the cart and delivered to Cowdall; I afterwards saw it at the magistrates office on the same day; that was the same truss.


                  JOHN 
                  COWDALL
               



            . Q. You are carman to Messrs. Pickford's - A. I am. On the 18th of October I received a truss out of their warehouse directed to Mr. Daniel, No. 572; it was put in my cart on the top of of the goods, on the off-side of the cart. When I was in Berner-street delivering goods I was obliged to leave the cart. Downe met me as I was coming out of a door, from his information I looked in the cart and saw Mr. Daniel's package was gone; I and Downe pursued Wilks and Ragan, we came up to them in Hollis-street, Wilks had the truss on his shoulder, I laid hold of him, asked him what he did with the truss and told him it was taken out of my cart; he said a man gave him a shilling to carry it for him; I told Downe to take Ragan.
Q. Was Ragan a man at that time - A. I did not perceive it. Ragan said he did not know Wilks, he had never seen him before. I put the truss in a public-house, I knew it to be the same truss that I had in my cart. The prisoners were taken to Marlborough-street-office.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DOWNE
               



            . I am a porter. On the 18th of October, in the afternoon, I was in Wardour-street, I saw the prisoner Ragan, he had a truss in his arms; I gave information to Cowdall; we pursued him into Holly-street, we there saw both the prisoners, Ragan was about five or six yards from Wilks, Wilks then had the truss on his shoulder; Cowdall took Wilks and the truss, Ragan ran away, he did not appear lame at that time, he ran near as fast as I did. They were both apprehended and taken to Marlborough-street office.
BENJAMIN BLACKGROVE. I am carman of the Ealing-cart. On the 18th of October I was going along Oxford-street, I saw the cart from whence this truss was taken, it was standing at the corner of Berner-street; I saw the prisoner go across the street with the truss in his arms as fast as he could go; he was about six yards from the cart when I saw him first, in the direction towards Wardour-street; I saw him put the truss down on the pavement; he then spoke to Wilks, and when he spoke to Wilks he took it up again, and went as fast as he could down Wardour-street. I gave the alarm to Cowdall when he came out of the house.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a constable. I received the package at the office; I have had it ever since.
Wright. 572 is on it, and two quarters twelve pounds, it is the same package; there is lace and ticking in it.
Ragan's Defence. It is no use going on any further. I am the man that took it out of the cart. That man is as innocent of the fact as a baby; I put it down twice, I was not able to carry it.
Wilks' Defence. Being out of work I was walking up Oxford-street, the bale was then at the corner of a street, the man said, will you give me a lift up with this on my shoulder; I did; he said I wish I could get a man to carry it to Fleet-Market; I said; I am out of work, I will carry it, I had it on my shoulder and that man took it off. I never saw the other prisoner before.
REGAN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
WILKS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
