





82. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHEPHERD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, a feather-bed, value 8 l. a pillow case, value 2 s. a blanket, value 6 s. and a pair of sheets, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Reed
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  ADAM 
                  REED
               



            . I live at No. 8, Broad-street, Carnaby-market


.
Q. Do you let lodgings - A. Yes. I let the prisoner a back garret, on the 31st of October, furnished. On the 30th of October, the prisoner was making a bargain with my wife for a lodging. He wished me to go along with him to enquire his character. I told him it was not convenient, I was going to have my dinner. The next day he came in the character of a groom. I enquired his character. He came into the lodgings on Saturday night. He came and enquired of me whether or no he might come. I told him, I was not satisfied with hischaracter. He said he should pay me early on Monday morning. He came in about nine or ten o'clock. On the next day the servant found all the things gone, bed bolster, blanket, and sheets, that were on the bed. On November the 1st, a lodger of mine picked up a duplicate of a waistcoat on the stairs. I went to the pawnbroker and told him to stop the person that came for the waistcoat.
Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. I am. There was no Colonel Green to be found.
SARAH - . I am servant to Mr. Reed. The prisoner came in on the Saturday night. I lit him up stairs. The next morning the things were missed. No one had been there but this man. The prisoner said, I shall not trouble you another night.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge. I did not take the things, nor did I say I should not trouble her another night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
