





625. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOCKWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , on the night of the 21st of April
, and stealing therein, four boxes, value 4 s. twenty-five gallons of oil, value 5 l. a bank note, value 1 l. and a promissory note, value 1 l.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Owen
               



            .
THOMAS OWEN. I am a lamp manufacturer
, in Great Russell-street


; my shop is the lower part of the house, and communicates with the house; I live in the house with my family; I am a housekeeper; I have lodgers. On the evening of the 21st, or the morning of the 22nd of April last, my shop was robbed. About half after five in the morning of the 22nd, I had occasion to go through the shop; I saw the shop in confusion; I suspected it arose from the neglect of my servants; I went to bed again. I returned into the shop a little after eight, the same morning; I was asked by my shopman, if I had moved my lamps; then I perceived that the till had been broken open, and a large glass case that stands on the counter, had all the things moved out, and taken away; an other glass case also had the things moved, and some things taken out; next to the shop is a can, containing oil, that was gone also; then I had a light, and went into the oil cellar, by a trap door from the shop; then we perceived that the iron grating that opened into the street, had been forced open, and the oil cellar in great confusion, and a great quantity of oil spilled about the cellar.
Q. Was the trap door fastened, whereby you went from the shop to the cellar - A. That trap door is never locked or bolted; the iron grating in the street must have been opened by violence; there were several pieces of timber forced, as well as the grating. The prisoner was in my service at the time, as a lamp-lighter, he was not working in my house.
Q. Did you at any time afterwards, find any articles missing from your shop that morning - A. Soon after, in about an hour and a half after, the prisoner came to my shop, for his oil that he was to use that day, the 22nd; it had been his business that night to go about, and see if any lamps were out, and re-light them. I asked him what he had been drinking so soon in the morning, he appeared overcome with liquor; his answer was, he met a friend, and he had been drinking with him; he had got some beer at a night house. Then I sent one of my men to get a constable; in the mean time, I told him that my house had been broken open, and a large quantity of oil taken, and that they had taken away all the lamp-lighters scissars; I suspected it was done by some lamp-lighters, and he was so overcome with liquor, I suspected he was one of them; he said, he knew nothing about it, he should have been a great rogue if he had committed that robbery. I asked him if I should search his lodgings; he consented to it. He sent the constable and my shopman to his lodgings; he told them where his lodgings were. Afterwards, they thought about the key of his lodgings; and returned. We all then went together, and the prisoner unlocked the door; then we went into his room; the first thing I saw was a trimming pot and bottle; the bottle ought not to have been there; we searched about his room. The first things found in his room, were some snuffboxes, taken out of the little glass case; the officer found them; I was present, one metal box, and two japan boxes; I had seen them in the glass case a few days before. The officer searched him, and found twenty-six shillings in his pocket, in silver; among the silver was one shilling which my young man had taken the evening before; I found no scissars.
Q. You are in a large way of business; it is possible a person may secret himself in your premises - A. No; I always look to the doors before I go to bed.
- REARDON. I live with Mr. Owen; I am shopman to him. On the over night I went about the shop, and saw the shutters were all safe; I did not go into the cellar; I saw the shop safe about a quarter past nine. I was up the next morning, at seven o'clock; went into the accounting-house, and found that the lamps had been moved from there into the shop; a burner had been moved from the place where it is kept. I went to the glass case, and found it was very much smoked, by a light having been held in it; I observed the till, I thought Mr. Owen had shut it, but not put the lock too; I knew there was some silver in the till, and a book on it; I put them into a tin box; Mrs. Owen put them into the till; I saw neither till nor money. After breakfast, we missed some scissars out of the glass case; the trap door was fastened as usual; I went into the cellar that morning, about nine o'clock, I found it very wet, I thought it was water; it proved to be oil; there was not a great quantity about; there was a great quantity kept there, in twenty large casks; I saw no marks of violence at all. I missed a bottle of oil from the shop, which I had seen the evening before, and I missed from the cellar, two empty bottles, and one full of oil. The prisonercame into our manufacturing shop that morning, about half after nine; we went to his lodgings; the door was locked, I came back; master, and me, and the officer, and the prisoner, went to his lodgings, at his lodgings I found one metal snuff-box, and one or two other snuff-boxes, japaned; I know them all to be my master's property, they have his private mark upon them; I had seen them in the glass case in master's shop on the evening preceeding, I am sure of that. The officer searched him, and found twenty-six shillings in silver in his pocket, there was one shilling which I had taken the evening before; I put it into the tin box that was in the till, along with the other silver.
Q. Who goes to the till - A. Mr. Owen, Mrs. Owen, the girl, and myself. I saw it in the till about three o'clock the day preceeding.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I know nothing of this business, until I was fetched to Mr. Owen's house; I went to the prisoner's lodgings; I produce three boxes. I first found the metal box; I asked him where he got it; he said, he bought it of a man about a week back. I searched the prisoner; I found twenty-six shillings on him; I gave up the silver, (except the one identified,) to the prisoner, before the magistrate.
SUSANNAH OWEN. Q. Before this happened had you put any tin box into the till - A. Yes; I took a tin box out of the desk; I saw there a good deal of silver in it, and a one-pound note; I locked the till; I took no notice of them; so as to know them again.
(The metal box deposed to by Mr. Owen, as Mrs. Owen's marking, and had not been sold. The japan boxes also, one of which he had himself used, but put it back again into the glass case, in consequence of not wanting it.)
(The three boxes were also deposed to as Mr. Owen's property, by Reardon, who also deposed to the shilling, which he had taken the afternoon before in the shop, from a dent in the middle of the head, from its sound he did not like to take it, that made him looking at it more particularly.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEACH
               



            . I am porter in Mr. Gordon's lamp warehouse, in the Strand. On the night of Friday, the 21st of May, I was with the prisoner, I first met him about eleven o'clock; I was with him about an hour, we were drinking together; I went home with Lockwood, in going home with him, Lockwood desired me to take a pot of beer home with me; this was in Charles-street, Covent Garden; I staid there about a quarter of an hour; I parted with him about half past one, and went home. I saw no more of him until I saw him at the office the next day.
GUILTY, aged 22,




               Of stealing the things in the indictment, but not of breaking and entering in the night
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
