






396. 
               
                  HYAM 
                  ALEXANDER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, from the person of the Right Honourable


                        Thomas 
                        Lord Foley





                  , one watch, value 50 l.; three seals, value 5 l.; two keysvalue 10 s.; one pocket-book, value 1 s., and one 10 l., one 5 l., and one 1 l. bank note
            , his property.
THE RIGHT HONOURABLE THOMAS LORD FOLEY. On the 16th of February, about five o'clock, I went to the hustings, Covent Garden


 - there was a considerable mob there. I got near the centre, in front of the hustings, and was hustled; a party rushed on both sides - one arm was held up, and the other quite close to me - the two prisoners were near me. As soon as I could get my hand down, I found my watch was gone; I got out of the mob, and found my pocket-book was also gone - both my great, and under coat were cut through to the pocket. It was a gold watch, and cost me eighty guineas; I had a 10 l. a 5 l., and a 1 l. note in my pocket-book - I have never recovered it. While I was examining my coat Mason came up, and with his assistance Alexander was immediately apprehended, and taken to Bow-street - my right arm was held up. I felt no particular pressure till the prisoners came up.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdet
               



             was speaking - my pocket-book was safe before I went into the crowd. I was about five minutes in the crowd.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Jepp, who lives in New Bond-street - I was in the crowd. I saw the prisoners, and some others close to his Lordship; they were all in company together, hustling round his Lordship. I saw Alexander put his hand into his Lordship's pocket; I watched them for ten minutes, and then saw one of them put his hand into the other gentleman's pocket, who was with his Lordship - there was nothing in his pocket. The gentleman turned round, and laughed at them; I heard Alexander say to Phillips,
"Why don't you make haste." I am sure they were in company; Phillips had been feeling me just before his Lordship came into the crowd. I followed his Lordship out of the crowd, saw him examining his pockets, and told him. I got King and Shaw, the officers, and took Alexander - Phillips escaped, Next day I went into the crowd, with the officers, and took Phillips there; he was then with two or three others, hustling people - a very small knife was found on him.
Cross-examined. I do not not know when the robbery was committed. His Lordship might have passed several thieves in the crowd.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant. I was at the hustings, and saw the two prisoners, and another behind his Lordship; I thought they were about no good. The moment his Lordship went away, Phillips and the other man spoke to Alexander - he was taken - I pointed him out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a constable. I assisted in apprehending Alexander - next day I took Phillips.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a watch-house-keeper; I found a very small knife on Phillips.
ALEXANDER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
