





356. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, a cruet-stand, value 5s. nine glass-cruets, value 5s. and four silver labels, value 5s.
             the property of the Hon. 
               
                  George 
                  Annesley
               



            , Esq. commonly called Lord Viscount Vatentia
; Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bernard
               



            , Bart.
 and the Rev. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Belve
                  



               
            , clerk
.
JOHN BROOKS. I am steward of the Alfred Club-house, Albemarle-street


. These things were lost on Thursday last, about half past three in the afternoon, one of the servants informed me that he had detected a man taking some of the plate off the side-board. I went in and saw this stand removed from the place where it stood, and a brown silk handkerchief which I had never seen before, spread upon a plate-warmer, at the end of the side-board, one corner of the handkerchief was turned up over the casters, and the three were spread out. The prisoner insisted that this handkerchief was not his property; and said he came to enquire for a gentleman; but I don't recollect the name that was on a letter which he produced, directed to Pope's Alley, Threadneedle-street.
THOMAS HUGHES. I am footman to the 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Club
               



            -house, Albemarle-street. In the servants room about my business, I heard a bustling of the glasses on the side-board in the dining room, and saw the prisoner in the act of putting a handkerchief over a set of cruets, which usually stood on the side board, but which were removed to the plate warmer. He immediately went out of the room, and I followed him. He left the handkerchief; I can't tell whether he saw or heard me; I raught him just at the green swing doors, which open into the street; there are three pair of doors, and I caught him at the second. I took him into the committee room, and my fellow servant went for Mr. Brooks.
SANUEL PLANK. He said be slept at the Dover Castle, it St. James's-street the night before; but I found there was no such house as the Dover Castle in St. James's-street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
