







307. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     KING
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MURRELL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RUDD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, two pillows, value 6s.; two blankets, value 9s.; one counterpane, value 15s.; one rug, value 4s.; two sheets, value 8s.; one tea-board, value 3s.; one looking-glass, value 3s.; two pillow-cases, value 2s.; one iron spoon, value 2d.; one knife and fork, value 6d.; and five images, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  ; the same being in a certain lodging-room in his dwelling-house, let by contract by him to the prisoners, to be used with the lodging-room, against the statute
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live at Pitfield-street, Old-street


. On the 13th of December 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  King
               



             came to my house and took a second floor, she was to pay 3s. per week, she said they were for herself and sister, who was coming from Norwich. Rudd came to the house, she said he was her brother-in-law; I supposed him and Murrell to be man and wife. They all came to the lodgings on the 30th of December, in the evening, I objected to taking three of them, King was to go away and Murrell and Rudd to live there, and King was to come in the day-time to assist her sister, they left on the 14th, at seven o'clock in the evening. King passed my door with a bundle, I followed her, and said, I suspected it was some of my property; she said, it was nothing but her own dirty linen; she said she had not robbed me, and objected to go back to my house; while I was talking to her, Rudd and Murrell passed us; she said, she wanted to go to speak to them, and I said, I would go with her; she took me to the back of the house, just by St. Agnes-le-Clare; she then got out of my hands, and dropped the bundle and a small basket, which Murrell had given her, and ran away; I picked them up, but could not overtake her. I found the bundle contained two feather pillows, which were mine; I went into their room and found the bed stripped, and the things stated in the indictment gone; I have seen all of them since, except the looking glass.


                  JOHN 
                  MATHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crown-street, Finsbury-square. I have two pillow cases and one sheet, which were pledged on the 14th of December, by the prisoner King.
WILLIAM BARR. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Rose and Crown-court, Moorfields. I have a counterpane and blanket, which were pledged in the evening, on the 14th of December, for 7s. 6d., by the prisoners King and Murrell.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners, Rudd and Murrell, at Norwich; I told them what I took them for, Rudd said he was very sorry, it was the first they had ever done. The tea-board and rug were stopped, by out direction, at the Norwich waggon. Murrell said she was very sorry.
MATHEW GILDERSLEEVE. I am a constable. On the evening of the 14th of December, Mrs. Cooper brought King to me, and charged her with robbing her lodgings. I found two images in her pocket and 1l. 4s. 6d., we took her to the Compter; as we were going to the office, She confessed she had stolen the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
MURRELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
RUDD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
