







906. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               




            , 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, one pelisse, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert Andrew 
                  Clark
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ANDREW CLARK
               



            . I am a silk mercer
, 21, on the Pavement of Moorfields


. I knew nothing of the circumstance of the robbery; I can only swear to the property.


                  CHARLES 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a stone mason, On the 15th of October, I saw the three prisoners together, in Grub street; I followed them from Grub street into Honey-suckle court, leading into Moor lane. At the corner of Moor Lane, Fore street, they all went into a wine vaults; I waited there until they came out; I then followed them down Fore street; in Fore street there is a ham shop opposite of Coleman street; the prisoner Brown put his hand to a fine ham there, the two women stood along side of him, they just meddled with it and walked away. Then somebody happened to come into the shop, or else I believe it would have been taken from there. They proceeded to the pavement Moorefields, the prisoner Smith and Wilkinson looked at a pellise hanging at Mr. Clark's door; Brown stood by them; it was hanging outside of the door, each of them looked at the pellise, and walked a little distance, and had a little conversation together. They returned back; the prisoners Smith, Wilkinson and Brown stopped. When they came back, the prisoner Wilkinson. began to unpin the pelisse, so did Smith, until they got the pelisse down. The prisoner Smith then gave it to Brown; he put it into his apron, and ran off with it. I pursued Brown, I followed him back again into Grub street; I saw where he went with the pelisse. I went and gave information to an officer, what had happened; he came with me, and on coming down Grub street with the officer; I pointed out the three prisoners at the corner of the court, where I saw Brown go up with the pellise; I left them there when I went and informed Mr. Clark how his property had been taken from his door. Mr. Clark came with me. I pointed out the prisoners; he gave them into Hutchins, the officers, custody. After the officer had searched them Mr. Clark and the officer were proceeding to go where Brown had taken the pelisse; the prisoner Smith said, they might go; she had taken care to plant it where it is safe enough We found it afterwards; it was pledged at Mr. Flemings's Fleet market; we found it there on the Monday morning.
Q. What day was it stolen - A. On Saturday the 15th of October between one and two in the afternoon. I am positive to the three prisoners at the bar; knowing them before induced me to follow them.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUTCHINS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of this month, Jackson came to me, and said, there were three people in Grub street that had stolen a pelisse. When I got into Grub street, I saw the three prisoners at the corner of Jacob's Well court I told Jackson to go to the prosecutor; I kept them in sight till the prosecutor came; then I took them in custody. I searched them, and found eight duplicates upon the prisoner Smith. I then asked them if they knew any thing of a pelisse; they denied all knowledge of that. I was proceeding with the prosecutor to go and search Brown's lodging; Smithsaid, let them go, and search; I have planted that safe enough, meaning the pelisse, I thought. I searched Brown's lodging, and found no pelisse there. I took the prisoners to the Comote.


                  JAMES 
                  MAXTEAD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pelisse; I took it in on Saturday evening, the 15th of October. I don't know who I took it in of, it was a young woman. I have no knowledge of the prisoners.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that pelisse - A. It is my pelisse; it is the one that was hanging up at my door.
Brown's Defence. I have nothing to say.
Wilkinson's Defence. What that man has sworn is as false as God is true.
Smith's Defence. On Saturday week, Wilkinson asked me to go and have part of a pint of beer; I went and had part of a pint of beer. An officer came and took charge of me for stealing a pelisse, of which I knew nothing.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
WILKINSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
