





241. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEROYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a promissory note for the payment of 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rickford
                  




               
            .
And OTHER COUNTS, stating the note to be the property of Messrs. Praed and Co.


                  THOMAS 
                  FELL
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  William 
                  Rickford
               



            , the banker
, at Aylesbury; his Christian name is William; he trades under the firm of 
               
                  William 
                  Rickford
               



             and son. He has no son that is a partner. There is no other person in the firm but himself.
Q. On the 8th of January did you make up a parcel to be conveyed to town to Messrs. Praed's - A. I did, of various country bank notes; some small notes of the Bank of England.
Q. Did you make a memorandum of the different notes you put in the parcel - A. Yes. This is the book in which I made the memorandum. It was taken at the time from the bills themselves. I copied the dates and numbers of the notes myself, from the notes.
Q. What was the amount of all that you sent - A.The amount was eight thousand pounds on bills of exchange, notes, and checks.

Q.Look for a note, 7645, of the Chichester bank, ten pound - A.7645, a ten-pound note of the Chichester bank, 4th of April, 1812; payable to bearer at Messrs. Esdaile's and Co.
Q. After you had written the memorandum what did you do with the notes - A. I made them up into a parcel; that note was put into that parcel; the parcel when made up I put into the bank safe in the presence of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Thomas
               



            , for the purpose of being kept till the next morning, to be sent by the coach to Messrs. Praed's and Co. in Fleet-street, London; the parcel was directed.
Q. Do you know or not whether Mr. Thomas did take that parcel from the safe - A. I know no more I directed it to Messrs. Praed's, in Fleet-street. The direction was my own hand-writing.
Q. Did Mr. Thomas know what was to be done with it the next morning - A. Yes, he had directions what to do with it; he saw it deposited; he was present when I put it in the safe. I wrote the name upon the note of the person from whose servant I took it, so that I shall be able to know the note. I wrote Tuckwell upon the note the day I received it.


                  HENRY 
                  THOMAS
               



            . Q. Are you employed in the Aylesbury bank - A. I am.
Q. Did you see Mr. Fell put a parcel in the safe on the 8th of January - A. I did. On the following morning, Sunday morning, I went to the safe and took the same parcel out. I took it about nine o'clock on Sunday morning, or five minutes earlier. I took it out of the safe, and took it to the coach. It is called the Union coach, or Buckingham coach; it inns at the King's Arms, Snow-hill. I took it myself to the coach; I delivered it personally to the coachman. I saw the coachman deposit it in the locker of the seat, and lock it. The coachman's name is Parker.
Q. When you took the parcel out of the safe to take it to the coach was it the same parcel that was sealed up the night before - A. It was the same parcel; it was placed in the safe for the purpose of being taken out in the morning. Parker was the coachman I delivered it to. There is a small locker underneath where the coachman sits; I saw the coachman put the parcel in, and lock it, and then he strapped the cushion on the lid.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am the coachman of the Buckingham stage. The last witness brought me a parcel on Sunday morning; I put it in the locker underneath my own seat; I put it secure, and locked the box, and kept the key under my seat. I came to London with it.
Q. Did you come to London safe with all the property - A. Yes.
Q. As you supposed - A. I did. I did not unlock the box until I returned to London. I came to the Green Man and Still. I had occasion to take out a parcel there. I unlocked the locker there, and took out a parcel for Ransom and Morley; the parcel was safe then; I had it in my hand; the Aylesbury parcel was safe then; I only pushed it on one side to take Ransom and Morley's. I locked the locker, and left it safe in. Then I came to the King's Arms inn.
Q. When you came to the King's Arms inn, did you find any thing had been done to your locker - A. Not immediately I did not. About ten minutes after I went to the locker to get the parcel; the staple of the locker was wrenched off, and the parcel was gone.
Q. What time did you get to the King's Arms - A. About half past five in the afternoon. It was dark then.
JOHN HAZARD. Q. I believe you are a clerk at the banking-house of Esdaile - A. I was at that time.
Q. On Monday the 10th of January, do you remember any Chichester bank note being produced for payment - A. Yes, about the middle of the day.
Q. Look at the prisoner; is he the man that presented it - A. I have no doubt it was the prisoner that presented it; I am almost sure of it. There were only two or three persons in the shop. I asked the prisoner whether he had given value for it; he said he had, to a person in Smithfield, to either a salesman or a grazier. I took the prisoner into the inner accompting-house, and related the circumstance to Mr. Scott, a partner in the house. The note had been stopped in the morning at nine o'clock. I left the prisoner with Mr. Scott.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am junior partner in the house of Esdaile and Company.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner being brought into the inner accompting-house on the Monday morning - A. I think it was between two and three o'clock in the middle of the day.
Q. Had you received any particular notice not to pay any Chichester bank notes on that day - A. Yes, in the morning. We told the prisoner that note had been stopped; it had been stolen out of a parcel that came from Aylesbury; that it was stopped by Messrs. Praed and Company. We asked the prisoner if he had any objection to go to Mr. Praed's. He said he had none, but he wished to go first to the person from whom he had received it, in Smithfield. Then I sent for 
               
                  James 
                  Steers
               



            , a ticket porter, whom we employ daily. I delivered the note into 
               
                  James 
                  Steers
               



            's hands. I told 
               
                  James 
                  Steers
               



             to go with the prisoner to Praed's and Company.
COURT. Was not he to go to Smithfield first - A. Not by my desire. I did not tell the ticket porter anything about Smithfield. They went away together, I desiring the prisoner to relate all he knew to Praed and Company, upon the subject.
Q. Look upon the prisoner, and tell me whether you have any doubt that he was the person - A. I strictly think he is; I have no doubt at all of it. I asked him to write his name; I gave him a pen and ink for that purpose; he wrote his name before me, 
               
                  John 
                  Simpson
               



            , St. John-street, Islington.
Q. Is that the paper - A. Yes, I think it is.
Q. Did he give any other account to you - A. No, not in my presence. There was a gentleman of the name of Jeffries in the office, to whom he had conversation. Mr. Jeffries is here.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . Q. You were in the accompting-house at this time - A. I was, when the prisoner was brought into the inner room. I had someconversation with the prisoner when he gave the bill to Mr. Scott. I observed to the prisoner that it was very unpleasant upon a circumstance of that kind to be detained. He said it was so, it could not be helped, or words to that effect. I told him it might be inconvenient to him to spare the time to go up to Mr. Praed's; he said it would be so very much. Nothing more passed between us.
COURT. Did you see him write his name - A. I did; I did not look at it, and he said his name was Simpson.
Q. Had you an opportunity to observe his person - A. Very much so. I have no doubt at all that he is that person.


                  JAMES 
                  STEERS
               



            . I am a porter.
Q. On the 10th of January, were you desired at Esdaile's house to accompany the prisoner to some place - A. Yes, I was desired to accompany him to Mr. Praed's in Fleet-street. I left the house to go there. The prisoner said he would go to the person from whom he had received the note, and take the person with him to Mr. Praed's. I went with him towards Smithfield. He first stepped into two public-houses in Long-lane; he went in, but did not make any stay. He turned round into Smithfield, and went into a public-house in Smithfield, the sign of the Lock and Key, or the Key. It is the second public-house on the left hand in Smithfield from Long-lane. He sat down there, and called for a glass of rum and water.
Q. Did he name any person that he was in search of - A. Yes; that was before. I asked him if he knew of whom he received the note; he said he did, his name was Jenkins, a salesman. I asked him if he knew what bankers he used, that he might readily find him. He said he did not. After we went into the public-house he called for a glass of rum and water; he told them to make it good. He pulled out a shilling before the rum and water came. He laid this umbrella on the table. When the rum and water came he paid for it; he drank, and handed it to me; he pulled off his hat, and wiped his face. The next thing, he said I will just step over to Sharp's, the banker, and see if he is there; he is not here; he will be here before the market is over, if he is not there. When he had spoken these words he left his umbrella on the table, and went out. He had not been gone long before I suspected all was not right.
Q. Did you see him again that day - A. No. I waited till between five and six, then I went over to Sharp's with the umbrella in my hand. I did not see him there. I went back to see, that I might not miss him if he did come back. He never did come back that day. This was on the 10th I was sent on the 13th with the officers to a small street in the City-road, to his house I believe. I knew him directly I saw him. I went to apprehend him. The officer was with me.
Q. Did the prisoner say anything to you when you came to his house - A. I told him what had past at Smithfield; he said he knew nothing of it. I told him that he had left the umbrella and the rum and water, and had not come back. He denied ever being with me.
Q. to Mr. Fell. Have you got the note - A. Yes. This is the note.
Mr. Gurney, to Steers. Had you the note - A. Yes. I had it of Mr. Esdaile or of Mr. Scott. I delivered the note at Praed's. I was directed by Mr. Scott not to deliver it up. I took it to Praed's, and brought it back to Esdaile's. At Praed's they sent me for the prisoner's writing. Mr. Nelson was the gentleman in Mr. Praed's office. I put my initials on the note before I parted with it to Mr. Nelson.
Mr. Adolphus, to Mr. Scott. Did you deliver the note which you stopped from the prisoner, to the porter - A. I am not confident whether I did or not; either I or Mr. Esdaile did. It was delivered in my presence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am a clerk at Messrs. Praed's.
Q. Did you receive a Chichester ten-pound note of the porter - A. I saw it brought there by Steers; I saw it laid on the counter.
Q. to Steers. Look at that note, and see if your initials are upon it - A. Yes. That is the note I received at Esdaile's house and carried to Praed's. I wrote my name upon it at Praed's before I delivered it out of my hands the first time.
Q. to Mr. Fell. Is there any writing of yours upon it - A. Yes, there is Tuckwell.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street office.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; I have known him by two names, Wootten and Leroyd. I never knew him by the name of Simpson. I searched the prisoner's house; I found no notes whatever, nor on his person.
Q. to Mr. Fell. How many notes were there in number - A. Near two thousand. - There were some hundreds.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge which is alledged against me. On Sunday the 9th of January, I was at home all the afternoon. I was very bad with a cold, and was not out of the house.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CUTLER
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Cutler
               



            , he is a stable-keeper in the City-road. On Sunday the 9th of January, the prisoner, Leroyd, came to our house about one o'clock, in the middle of the day.
Q. How far is your house from his - A. About three quarters of a mile. He came about one o'clock, we were just going to dinner. We had a goose that was sent me from Birmingham. I asked him if he would dine off that goose; he said, no, he was going home to dinner; he was very poorly. I asked him how his wife did; he said she was very poorly; she was just put to bed, would I come and see her. I said I would. He went home by himself, and between three and four I went to his house. The nurse let me into his house; she asked me to walk up stairs. He was up stairs with his wife; she on one side of the fire and he on the other. I stopped to tea; as they asked me. We had tea about five o'clock. I stopped there until he went to bed; he went to bed between seven and eight o'clock; he said he could sit up no longer. He appeared to have a cold, and was very hoarse. I am sure from four o'clock until eight he was in the house.

Q. This was Sunday - A. Yes. In three or four days afterwards I heard he was taken up. His wife sent for me; she asked me whether I recollected Mr. Laroyd was at home the Sunday I was there.
(The Chichester ten-pound note read.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
