





232. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHERRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Hobson
                        




                     
                  , two bank notes for one-pound each
            , her property.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HOBSON
               



            . I live at No. 3, Tash-court, Gray's-inn-lane, Holborn; in the parish of St. Andrew's Holborn


; I have had this house twenty years; I let it out to lodgers, and live in the kitchen myself.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge in your house - A. I never saw him before he came to my my house on the 13th of February, the prisoner came to my house about half an hour after one o'clock, in the day, he knocked at the door; he asked me whether my name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hobson
               



            ; I told him no; my name was Eleanor. He asked me whether my husband ever worked in the City when he was alive; I told him yes; I told him he helped to point down Drapers Hall, when it was repaired. He said, he had come to do a great deal of good for me, there was a great gathering made; he said Mr. Wilson, Mr. Taylor, and he, had been buying blankets, rugs, and flannel for petticoats; he said, they gave them away to distressed widows and housekeepers; and he said, they had been about again, and found in many cases that what they had given, were made away with. He said, charity was very much abused; I cried, and said, what a pity. He said, they had now made up their minds to pay poor peoples debts. He asked me for a sheet of writing paper; I gave him one; he then asked for a knife, and cut it in two; then he asked me to give him a chair and a pen and ink, and then bid me shot the door. Then he wrote six or eight lines on a piece of paper; he asked me to put my name to it; I told him I could not; I had lost the use of my hands, by the rheumatic gout; I could not get a bit of bread. He told me to take the pen, and put a cross; which I did. He asked me whether I was in debt with my landlord; I told him, yes, I owed him eight guineas. I told him, that I had learned that I was over head and ears in debt with King's taxes, I told him, I owed five pounds sixteen shillings, and eight guineas. He said, that should be paid, and if I owed any more small debts they should be paid. He asked me what I had got towards it; I told him two one-pound notes, and some silver, I could not tell how much. He asked me to let him look at the two one-pound notes; I put them on the table; he took them in his hand, and said, he would direct a paper, and Mr. Wilson, Mr. Taylor, and himself, will also be with you. I cried very much to the prisoner, and I said, how good God is, to send me an unknown friend. He put this paper in my hand, and went off.
Q. What, he went off with your notes, did he - A. Yes, he did. He said, put your silver with your notes, and I will be with you in a short time; he gave me this paper, opened the latch of the door, and went out. Instead of my notes, he left me this paper, with something wrote inside. The prisoner was taken up for tricking Mrs. Martin, of Peter-street; I went with her to Newgate, to see if he was the same man that robbed me; when I saw him in Newgate, I said, oh, you villain! you are the man that robbed me. That is the man at the bar.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the woman before.
GUILTY, aged 26,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
