





589. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, two yards and a half of hair shag, value 18 s. and two yards and three quarters of worsted shag, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        Matthew 
                        Green
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a tailor and salesman
: I keep a shop
, 120, Edgware-road, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


.
Q. On the 8th of June, did you miss any articles out of your shop - A. I did. I went out in the morning, between seven and eight o'clock; my wife and Elizabeth Stollworthy had the charge of the shop while I was away. When I returned I missed a roll of hair shag and a roll of corderoy; they were in the window when I went out. After that I went down to my stable; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Stollworthy
               



             came to me at the stable, and said, come down, you have been robbed of two yards of hair shag and two yards and three quarters of worsted shag. I then went back to my shop. My wife and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Stollworthy
               



             told me the prisoner had been in the shop, and had bought an article. Before I went out, I saw the yards of hair shag and the two yards and three quarters of worsted shag.
Q. Were they in the shop when you went out in the morning - A. Upon my oath they were; and when I went out to my stable they were there then. I then went after the prisoner into the Harrow-road; I met her coming out of the washhouse of the Running Horse public-house, in the Harrow-road. I was close to her heels all the way. I brought her back to my house, and sent for a constable. Before the constable came, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Baker
               



             brought the articles to me; she said she found them in the washhouse. They had my private mark upon their; I value them at twenty-five shillings.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BAKER
               



            . On the 8th of June, I saw the prisoner in the washhouse of the Running Horse public-house between eight and nine in the evening. I saw her in the washhouse before the last witness. I went in directly she was taken to give her her fish. I found two pieces of shag in the washhouse, one piece of hair shag, and a piece of worsted shag; they were laying on the dresser. I took them to Mr. Green. These are the two pieces of shag.

Prosecutor. These are the articles I lost. I lost more.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STOLLWORTHY
               



            . I live with the prosecutor, and serve in the shop. On the 8th of June, the prisoner came into the shop three times in that day; the two first times she purchased nothing; the last time she purchased a pair of cotton drawers; that was eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Green coming home, and then going to the stable - A. Yes; she was in the shop at the interim he was at the stable; she purchased this pair of trowsers.
Q. Do you know any thing of these articles that were lost that were found in the washhouse of the Running Horse - A. Yes, I saw them in the shop before the prisoner came in. Mrs. Green served the prisoner with the cotton trowsers. She is not here; she could not leave the shop.
Prosecutor. The articles are in the possession of Piall, the constable; he is not here. I am certain the articles brought back by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Baker
               



             were the articles that were taken out of my shop. I am positive they are my property.
GUILTY, aged 42,




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
