





754. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CRUSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Farrell
                     




                  , on the 27th of July
, in the King's highway, and taking from his person and against his will, eleven 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FARRELL
               



            . I have been a soldier
; I am now a Chelsea pensioner
.
Prisoner. Have not you received some money of me not to prosecute - A. I have not.
Q. Do you know M'Carty - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you receive four pounds of him - A. Never in my life. On Monday last, I received three pounds seventeen shillings, as part of the money that I lost. On the 27th of July, I received my usual pension.
Q. How much money was it altogether - A. Eight pounds. I was deprived of my money between seven and eight o'clock; I was in Phoenix-street, Bloomsbury, going into George-street, I was opposite the Turk's Head, sitting on a step counting my money in my hand, and my hand in my hat; I was sitting down; the prisoner came behind me, rushed herself upon me, and forced eleven one-pound notes out of my hand; she got the notes out of my hand before I was aware of it; when she had done this, she crossed over the street; I ran after her as soon as I had power to get on my feet. She went into a public-house, in at one door, and out of the other; I pursued her through both, I cried out as loud as I could that I was robbed by that person. She run down George-street; where I was jostled by several persons. I did not lose sight of her until she run into No. 4, George-street; when she got in there I was afraid of my life; a great multitude came about me, and I had been jostled in the street; I did not go into the house after her. A person said, if I would stop there he would get me a constable. The prisoner was taken that night. The next morning I saw her; I knew her person; I am sure it is the same person.
Prisoner. Did not you find five-pounds of your money - A. No.
WILLIAM O'BRIAN. I am a taylor.
Q. Do you know the persons of the prisoner and Farrell - A. Yes, I do. On the 27th of July, between seven and eight o'clock at night, I was sitting in my room at work, I heard a noise in the street; I looked out of the window. I saw the prisoner run away from the prosecutor; she went into No. 4, George-street. Farrell told me the woman had robbed him of eleven pounds; I said to Farrell, you stand there; I will get a constable. I went for a constable, and brought two.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WYATT
               



            . On the 27th of July, I was on duty. I was informed Farrell had been robbed by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cruston
               



            . I found the prisoner at No. 9, George-street; I took her to the watchhouse. Shehad no notes upon her. I gave charge of her on suspicion of robbing a soldier.
HENRY MORGAN. I am a patrol. I assisted the other patrol in taking 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cruston
               



             to the watch-house. The next morning, the prosecutor saw her; he said, he was sure she was the woman.
CHARLES M'CARTHY. I heard O'Brian say, he found five-pounds of the money.
Q. to O'Brian. Did you ever say, you had found five pounds of the money - A. I found five pounds in the prosecutor's hat after the money was taken away from him.
Q. to Prosecutor. I understood you, that you had lost all your money - A. No; I lost to the amount of eleven pounds altogether. I had received eight or nine pounds that morning; I had more money than that. I know that the prisoner took the sum of eleven pounds from me; she did not take the whole I was in possession of.
GUILTY, aged 21,




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
