





251. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, a miniature case, value 2 l. and fourteen miniatures, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a jeweller
 in Aldgate High-street


. I keep the house, and live in it myself, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate


. On the 23d of January last, I was sitting in my shop, my dog barked that I have chained at the end of my counter. I went immediately into my shop, and two or three persons that were standing about the door said I was robbed. I did not miss anything. My lad had just gone over the way, and was returning again. The prisoner, as he went out of the shop, ran against my lad as he was coming in, and knocked the money out of my lad's hand. I heard the money fall. I did not see the prisoner when I went into the shop. My boy ran after him, and called out, stop thief. He was taken.
Q. You do not know him to be the same man at all - A. I do not. I never saw the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUGGITT
               



            . I live with Mr. Miller. Iwas coming from over the way. I saw the prisoner in the shop.
Q. What day was it - A. The 23d of January, about six o'clock in the evening.
Q. You saw a man in the shop - A. Yes. I saw him lay hold of the miniature case. He stood a little while in the shop, and the dog barked at him, and as the prisoner returned he knocked some halfpence out of my hand. I ran after him down Houndsditch, and halloaed out, stop thief; and just as he got by Mr. Groves's, the oil shop, I saw him drop the case. He run on. I lost sight of him before he was stopped.
Q. How soon was he stopped - A. In little better than a minute afterwards. I am sure he is the same man that passed me, by having an oil-skin on his hat. I observed the oil-skin on his hat as he stood in the shop; it did not fit his hat well. I am sure he is the same man, and a great coat he had. A young lad at Mr. Groves's picked up the case. I am sure I saw the prisoner drop the case. The case contained the miniatures.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a clerk in the Navy office. On the night stated in the indictment I was going home down Houndsditch. I saw a person running violently. The prisoner throw down the miniature case; it struck me on the leg. The prisoner passed me. I picked it up.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . On Saturday, the 23d of January, I was watching four or five people, near upon six o'clock in the afternoon, in Aldgate High-street, opposite of Three Nuns Heads. I followed them as far as Fenchurch-street; being out of the ward, I left them. I then returned down Houndsditch. I went down to the bottom as far as our ward went. On my returning up again I heard the prisoner crying out, stop thief, and before I could get up, a man had laid hold of him by the collar. I laid hold of him and this gentleman gave me the miniature case.
Prosecutor. This is my miniature case and my miniatures. They are fancy articles. The worth of them depend merely on fancy.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday afternoon, I was walking along Leadenhall-street, and down Houndsditch, home, I heard a sudden call of, stop thief. I ran the same as other people did. I saw a short man with a parcel under his arm; I knocked him down. He made his escape. I ran after the man down Houndsditch. A gentleman said to me, you are the thief. I said, no, he is gone down Duke's-place. I was stopped for it.
GUILTY, aged 22,




               Of stealing to the value of 30 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
