





199. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 30 engravers's tools, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Findlay
                        



                     
                  , and 10 engraver's tools, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Duce
                  



               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  FINDLAY
               



            . I am an engraver
, and live in Merlin's-place, Clerkenwell


. On Monday morning, the 5th of December, I found my workshop, which is in the yard, had been broken open, and all the tools gone. They could pass through an adjoining building into my yard. Five of the tools were found on the roof of the adjoining building. Next day I found the prisoner at the office with them - part were mine, and part Mr. Duce's.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. The watchman brought the prisoner to the watch-house with the tools in his hand. I searched him, and found the prosecutor's box and eye-glass, and a piece of copper in his pocket.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALY
               



            . I am a watchman. On Monday morning, at two o'clock, the prisoner passed me with a bundle, I asked him what he had got? he said they were tools, which belonged to his master, and I might look at them. I took him to the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was sleeping on a brick-kiln, the watchman sent me away, and as I got down I kicked against the tools. I said I found them.



               GUILTY
             Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
