





513. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     CHURCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
, two sheets, value 10 s. and a pillow case, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Mills
               



            ; I live in Swan-alley, St. John-street


. The prisoner took a ready-furnished lodging of me in March, and rented the one pair of stairs room a fortnight and three days; she took it weekly, at five shillings and sixpence a week, she only paid one week; she told me she was a doctoress
, and a captain's widow, with fifty pound a year coming in. She went away without any warning, I had no thought to suppose that she was going; on the contrary I lent her a shawl, and umbrella, thinking that she would return. I thought she was an honest woman; she locked the room door and took the key away. She left me on the Tuesday, on the Thursday I opened the door, a pair of sheets and a pillow-case were gone. On the Friday she was brought to me by a young woman; she said she had pawned the property, and it was no use to come to me without she could make it good.


                  THOMAS 
                  TISSAKER
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner on the 26th of April; the prisoner gave me the duplicates of the things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 9th of April the prisoner pawned with me a sheet and a duplicate.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



            . I produce a sheet that I got at the pawnbrokers in consequence of a duplicate found upon the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. They are my sheets, and the pillowcase is mine.


                  SARAH 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I met the prisoner in Aldersgate-street; I stopped her; she said she had the pleasure of knowing me; I said I had the pleasure of thinking she should go with me; she told me she had settled Mrs. Mills's account half an hour ago; I said, it was a falsity, she had not been there. I insisted that she should go with me; she said what use was it of her going to Mrs. Mills without she had something to give her. I led her by the arm to Mrs. Mills.
Prisoner's Defence. Being short of money I was obliged to obtain some for medicines for my patients; I made use of a temporary relief. When I was accused of the sheets I immediately owned to the pledging them, and gave the constable the duplicates.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
