





1059. 
               
                  
                     LODOWICK 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of September
, two silver gravy-spoons, value 2 l. five silver table spoons, value 50. two silver salt-spoons, value 5 s. and seven dessert-spoons, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Fry
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Fry, 72, Tower-street


. I missed the spoons in this indictment on the 18th of September, in two days after I saw the spoons again.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TROKE
               



            . I am house-keeper to Mr. Fry.
Q. Look at the person of the prisoner, do you recollect him - A. Yes; I saw him on the landing-place of the three pair of stairs from the street, in Mr. Fry's house, on the 18th, a little before four in the afternoon, he was quite a stranger to me; I watched him down at that time. I did not know my master had lost any thing. I saw him a second time on the one pair of stairs, and then I shewed him into the accompting-house.


                  FREDERICK 
                  HENRY CHURCHHILL
               



            , I am a clerk to the prosecutor. On the 18th of September, the prisoner came into the accompting-house he enquired for William Davis; I told him he had come to the wrong house; he went away.


                  THOMAS 
                  BIRT
               



            . I live with Mr. Murray, a pawnbroker, East Smithfield. On the 18th of September, in the evening, the prisoner offered to pledge these dessert-spoons; I suspected him, and sent for an officer. These are the spoons.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRY
               



            . These seven spoons are mine.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PRURO
               



            . I keep the Blue Mare and Magpie St. Catherine's. The prisoner lodged with me at the time he was taken in custody; he desired me to remove the property that was not his own, Here are five table-spoons, two gravy-spoons, two salt-spoons, and two tea-spoons.
Prosecutor. They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence. A young man gave me the spoons to pawn, and the other spoons he told me to take home to my lodging.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
