






839. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     DUGGINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of July

, one watch, value 18 l. one seal, value 2 l. two bank notes for the payment of one-pound each, value 2 l. and one bank note for the payment of two-pound, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Blades
               



             AND 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALLIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, the same goods, he well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BLADES
               



            . On the 28th of July, I was coming up Broad-street, St. Giles, when I was accosted by the female prisoner, who asked me to treat her with something to drink; I am quite sure my watch and notes were about me when I went with her; I went home with her, to a room up one pair of stairs, at about eight o'clock. I laid down on the bed, and fell asleep, and on my awaking in the morning, I found myself alone. I went down to the mistress of the house, who told me she knew nothing of the prisoner. I have never seen neither watch or notes since. On Thursday, the 3rd of August, the prisoner was in custody at Bow-street; when I saw her, I knew her immediately; she acknowledged at the bar there that she was the person who robbed me.


                  HENRY 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am an officer. I met the prisoner at about two o'clock in the afternoon of the day after the robbery. She then told me she had robbed this man, and given the property to Wallis. She did not tell me where to find him, but I knew, and went, and took him into custody.
DUGGINGS, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WALLIS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
