





186. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, one basket, called a flat, value 2 s. 6 d.; 38 lbs. of butter, value 2 l. 16 s., and one cloth, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Strickland
                  



               
             the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Strickland
                  



               
             the younger
.
JOHN STRICKLAND. I am a chesemonger
, and live in Newgate-market, in partnership with my son John. On the 4th of January, about seven or eight o'clock in the evening, the flat of butter was on the pavement, before the window; I ordered Perkins to watch; soon after he called for assistance, and the prisoner was secured.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I was set to watch, and saw the prisoner about. I suspected him, and saw him take the flat of butter on his shoulder. I collared him, and asked him where he was going with it? He said to the cart. I said
"What cart?" He said
"Come and see." He immediately went to the place, and threw it down where he took it from, and tried to escape; I collared him, and called for assistance - Geary helped me to secure him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GEARY
               



            . I am a butcher. I saw the prisoner take the flat of butter on his shoulder, and go away with it - Perkins spoke to him, he then put it down again, and tried to escape; we detained him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A countryman let the flat fall, I picked it up, put it on another flat, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
