





106. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  , alias 
STONE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 28th of December
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 1 l.
             his property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I live at 29, Chapel-street, St. George's in the East.
Q. Where did this happen - A. In Back-lane


, on the 28th of December, about seven o'clock at night.
Q. Was any body with you - A. No one. I saw the prisoner and another man; at first of their meeting me they asked me if I was homeward bound; I told them I was. They passed on before me, and took no further notice. They came to a small turning, I passed them there; they followed me back again. They went on my left, and crossed me on the right; they went before me again. I passed them the second time; the prisoner crossed and passed between me and the wall, and took my watch from me; they turned down a street, I saw them turn down, I cried out stop thief. Then in a short time the prisoner was brought forward; I knew him to be the person that took my watch; he was taken to the watchhouse.
Q. The watch was not found upon him, was it - A. No. I value the watch at one-pound.
MR. WHEATLEY. I am constable of St. George's in the East. The prosecutor came to me at the watchhouse, and desired me to take the prisoner. On the evening stated in the indictment, I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner was taken immediately. Upon the prosecutor seeing the prisoner, the prosecutor said the prisoner was the man that robbed him. The prosecutor was a little fresh; he seemed positive he was the man, and there is no doubt but he was the man; I had my doubt in consequence of the fog. I searched the prisoner; I did not find the watch. The watch was produced to me the next morning; I received the watch of Mrs. Jackson. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. This is my watch.


                  SARAH 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Jackson
               



            . beadle of the watchhouse.
Q. Do you remember when the prisoner was confined there - A. Yes, it was a Tuesday evening. The next morning the prosecutor and I was at the watch-house at the time the prisoner was locked up.
Q. Was it in the presence of the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. State what passed - A. Mr. Spencer asked the prisoner if he would return the property; the prisoner said he would return him the property if Mr. Spencer would not prosecute. I asked the prisoner if he had any body to go of his errand; I called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wilkins
               



            ; she came; she spoke to the prisoner, and went. I cannot say what passed between them. Then she returned again, and said the watch was detained for five shillings; he gave her some silver; she went out, and returned with the watch; she then delivered the watch to the prisoner. The prisoner delivered the watch to me; I kept the watch, sent for Mr. Wheatley; when Mr. Wheatley came I asked Mr. Spencer if that was his watch; he said yes. I delivered the watch to Mr. Wheatley.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of taking that man's watch as a child unborn



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
