





463. 
               
                  
                     BARBARA 
                     NICOLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Matthews
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 5th of July
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, two sheets, value 10 s. a petticoat, value 5 s. three shirts, value 4 s. three guineas, four seven-shilling pieces, and 8 l. in monies numbered, her property
            .
MARY MATTHEWS. In July last, I lived at No. 5, Castle-yard, Broadway, in the parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster


. On the 5th of July I left the house after nine at night; I came home before twelve. I found my door open, and the padlock put on the table, and no one in the house. I left my door padlocked on the outside, and locked the other lock besides. I am now talking of my room-door. I first went to my trunk, and missed my money. I cannot say whether my trunk was locked or not. I missed all my money, and two aprons and a petticoat out of the room; a habit shift, three guineas in gold, four seven-shilling pieces, and some silver, but I do not know how much. I had all my money in my hand that morning. This is the receipt, I paid my landlord that morning. The prisoner had lodged in my house two Christmas's, I believe. She lodged in myhouse last July until the 3d of May. In November I was robbed again. On the 3d of May, I saw something on her head that I was robbed of on the 5th of July. The edging of one of my habit shirts was on her head before that. I saw the edging in her room on the top of her drawers. That was on the Friday before the 3d of May. On the 3d of May I took the prisoner up.
Q. How came you to go in her room on the Friday before the 3d of May - A. A young woman was at work in the room; I went in. The prisoner was not at home. Seeing that, I was thoroughly convinced who had robbed me on the 6th of July. On the 3d of May I went to Mr. Gillmore and got a warrant, and had her room searched, and had her taken up. She then had the edging on her head upon her cap; the edging I knew was mine. Mr. Gillmore found the duplicate of two of my husband's shirts.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 3d of May the prosecutrix applied to me. I went to the prosecutrix's house; I found the prisoner at home in her own apartment. I told her I had a warrant to search for some stolen goods that I suspected she had got. Mrs. Matthews was with me. The prisoner begged Mrs. Matthews not to hurt her. I desired Mrs. Matthews to give her no answer, but to let me proceed in the search. I found in the prisoner's box in her room several duplicates. (the prisoner produced me the key), among which is the duplicate of two shirts pledged at Mr. Graham's, in Stratton-ground. I then desired Mrs. Matthews to bring to me her padlock of her door. She did. The key which the prisoner gave me to open her box, locks and unlocks the prosecutrix's padlock; and the key of the prisoner's room door, unlocks and locks the prosecutrix's door. I asked the prisoner if she had not heard that Mrs. Matthews had been robbed; she said, yes, she had. She before had said that she found them on the stairs. I then said, if you had, why had not you told Mrs. Matthews so before. The pawnbroker attends here with the things. I have the duplicate; this is it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Westminster.
Q. Take the duplicate into your hand produced by Gillmore - A. These are the two shirts that were pledged at my house; my daughter took them in. She dropped down dead suddenly. I don't know who she took them of. They were in our house pledged for four shillings, one on the 14th of July, and the other on the 13th of October.
Prosecutrix. They are my property; they were my husband's shirts; his name is marked on them. This petticoat Mr. Gillmore found in the prisoner's room; it is mine.
Q. Did you give Gillmore your padlock and lock off your room door - A. I did, and I am sure I locked it when I went out at past nine at night. I left a light in my room when I went out.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence; called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house in the night time.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
