





859. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, 18 yards of ribbon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Griffen 
                           Andrews
                        




                     
                  , privately, in his shop
            .


                  GRIFFEN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an haberdasher


; my shop is at the corner of Greek-street, Compton-street


. On the 24th of October, the prisoner, and I think another woman, came into the shop; she asked to see some ribbons. I served her. She bought some ribbon; she paid for them. I gave her change; and I thought she was gone. I had done with her, and had gone to other customers. A young woman gave some information. I accused her of the ribbon; I requested her to walk up stairs; I sent for an officer to have her searched; my wife went up stairs first, I sent the prisoner in the middle, and as I was going up stairs, she dropped a piece of ribbon from between her gown and petticoat. I saw it fall, and picked it up, it was eighteen yards of ribbon. I said to her, you wicked woman, I am convinced you are a shop-lifter. She then begged for mercy.
Q. What is the colour of the ribbon that fell from her on the stairs - A. An olive. The white ribbon was not found upon her. A window on the staircase was open, a young man found the white ribbon in the yard; and after I had given charge of her at the watch-house, it was shewed to her, she denied it, and owned to the olive; the young man that found it is not here. I know the ribbon to be mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner. I searched her, and did not find the white ribbon. I told Mr. Andrews, the prisoner must have thrown it out of the staircase window; and after I had taken her to the watch-house, a young man came in with the ball of white ribbon.
Prosecutor. The olive ribbon I saw drop from her, she owned that she stole that, and wished me to let her go. She did not own to the white ribband.
GUILTY, aged 35.




               of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
