





658. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, one watch value 4l., and two seals, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Graham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am servant
 to Colonel 
               Moreland
            . On the 8th of March, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I met the prisoner in St. Ann's-street, Westminster; I did not know my way home, and he came to shew me; I took him into the Sun, public-house, Grosvenor-street


, to give him a pot of beer. While I sat at the table he took my watch from my pocket - I am sure he is the man.


                  JANE 
                  PENTON
               



            . I live at the Sun, public-house, Chapel-street, Grosvenor-street; the prisoner and prosecutor came in about twelve o'clock, the prosecutor called for some ale; he pulled out his watch to see if it was right - I went out of the room. The prisoner got up and left the prosecutor, who was asleep at the table - He sat by him; when I came in he was gone; I said, I supposed he had taken Graham's watch; he immediately missed it. He was apprehended on Good Friday-the watch was never found; nobody but the prisoner, was near the prosecutor; no person was in the box except them; I am sure he is the man; I was not absent above half a minute.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINGWOOD
               



            . On the 8th of March, I was at the Sun, public-house, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor sitting together; I remained there till the prisoner went out; nobody but him, could have taken it; they were in a corner box, and no person went near them.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . On the 9th of March, I had information of the prisoner having committed the robbery; I went in search of him, but could not find him until Good Friday - I then took him - I was looking for him every day.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I was at the Sun, public-house; I went in search of the prisoner several times, but could not find him.
Prisoner's Defence. I left him at the public-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
