





192. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     KILMINSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of December
, two watches; value 5 l. one hat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                        Botten
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN
                  BOTTEN
               



            . I live at 54, Holywell-street


. I lost my two watches on the 2nd of December; the prisoner came to me about one o'clock on that day, begging for charity; I being in want of an errand boy, I took him in as an errand boy; he said, he had no father, nor relation in the world, he had an uncle, he did not know where to find him, he came from Wiltshire to find him in great distress. At five o'clock in the evening I was obliged to go out; I left the prisoner with my wife. I came home at seven o'clock, my wife told me the boy had run away. I went to Covent Garden, I saw the prisoner, he was playing with some more boys; I gave him into the custody of Lack the officer; he then said, he gave the watches to a boy he was with; he shewed us where they were pledged, the six guineawatch was pledged for nine shillings, in Fetter-lane, at a pawnbrokers; the pawnbroker said he had fetched it out in an hour afterwards; the other watch was pledged for five shillings in Fleet-market; my hat he had on his head.


                  THOMAS
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Flemming, pawnbroker, Fleet-market. I took in this old fashion metal watch of the prisoner for five shillings. The prisoner said he lived at the New Inn, in the Old Bailey. I produce the watch.
Q. Mr. Botten. Look at the watch produced by Thomas - A. This is my watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
