





753. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             was indicated for 


               bigamy
            .
REV. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HENRY
               



             CHAPMAN. I produce the registry of the prisoner's marriage, to 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Arlett
                  



               
            . at Maryhome Chruch on the 15th of June, 1812; they were married by licence.


                  SARAH 
                  REVEL
               



            . I am the sister of Mrs. Fisher, formerly Mary Arlett. I look at the prisoner, I know him very well; he counted my sister to my knowledge, some time before he married heri was then the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Cutterel
               



            , a corporal in the 2nd regiment of Life Guards, who gave her away. The prisoner left my sister about November last; she is show in court.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I am the parish clerk of Paddington; I produce the registry of the prisoner's marriage, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Ingram
               



            ; described as a batchelor, to 
               
                  
                     Ruth 
                     Elcock
                  



               
            , spinster. I was witness to the ceremony, and they were married by the Rev. Mr. Pickering, perpetual curate. The pew opener, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Asthn
               



            , was another witness, but she died last Monday.


                  MARY 
                  JONES
               



            . I know 
               
                  Ruth 
                  Elcock
               



            , she is a fellow servant of mine; she passed as a married woman since October last, and went by the name of Mrs. Ingram; she and the prisoner did not live together. I know the prisoner by the name of Fisher; he said he did not like that name, and so he changed it to Ingram.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHADWELL
               



            . I aprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. In the beginning of November 1812, my first wife left her home with all the childs clothes, and every thing she could lay held of and two pounds she got of me, and left me only just enough to put on in the morning. I put an advertisement in the paper, stating, that I would not be answerable for any debts she might contract, as she had absented herself from me a long time previous.
(The prisoner here produced the Morning Post ofthe 1st of April, 1816, in which the advertisement to which he alleded, was inserted.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
