





153. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WILLARD
                  , alias 
NATHAN





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, three beds, value 4l.; four bolsters, value 1l.; one copper, value 1l; three pillows, value 15s.; three blankets, value 15s.; one cann, value 2s.; one funnel, value 1s.; four bottles, value 1s.; three quarts of ale, value 1s., and one cask, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Martin
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Wildman 
                     Goodwyn
                  



               
            , 
               
                  George Mathews 
                  Hoare
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Evenest
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Woodbridge
                  



               
            .
JOHN MARTIN. I live in Welclose-square. I formerly kept the Crown and Thistle, public-house, Manor-row, Tower-hill


. On the 11th of October, I moved from there and left the several things in the house, which I saw safe on the 1st of November. On the 4th of November, I had information, went there, and found the articles stated in the indictment gone. I went into the yard, and traced the copper, by the soot, over into the prisoner's yard, which is next door. They had entered by the back of the house-the goods were taken from the back-door-the soot had fallen from the copper. I got a warrant, and went to the prisoner's house, about four o'clock, and found all the things there. The copper, funnel, and cask, were in the chimney-place of his medicine shop, and covered with a board; the rest of the things were in his cellar.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The prisoner was not present when I searched.
EBENEZER DALTON. I am an officer. I went with Martin, he has spoken correctly. The cellar-door was shut, and a chair put against it.
GEORGE CAIMES. I live next door to the prisoner; there is only a wooden partition, half an inch thick, between our two houses-there are holes in the partition which enable me to see through. On the 3d of November, about a quarter after nine o'clock at night, I heard a bustle in the prisoner's house; I looked through a hole, and saw something very large and black brought in in a hurry, and put in the chimney-place in the shop. I heard the prisoner call out to shut up the shop, which was done in a great hurry. About ten o'clock I had occasion to go to the door; a man went and tapped at the door, the prisoner and his wife came and asked who was there; the prisoner said he must go and get a pint of beer, and come in presently; the man said he had no money; the door opened, and, I believe, somebody gave him some - He went away, and did not return until ten o'clock. I was disturbed again about four o'clock in the morning-the noise appeared to be at the back of the house.

Cross-examined. No person lived there but the prisoner and his wife - He generally shut up about twelve o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Is it possible I could get over, and break the door open?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
