






1007. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOONEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KENT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, eight pounds weight of mutton, value 4s. one fowl, value 4s, and half a pound weight of butter, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Dashwood
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  MARY 
                  HOWE
               



            . These things were taken on the 25th of August, a Sunday morning; out of a safe in the front area.
JOHN BROOKS, About five in the morning, of the 25th of August, I was called by a private watchman, named George Hughes; he told me that he saw a leg of mutton handed up out of the prosecutrix's area, and he was sure there was a man in the area; upon that I sprang my rattle, on which more watchmen came up to my assistence; upon which the lady put her head out of the window, and asked what was the matter, and on being told, she came down and opened the door herself. We went down into the area, and found the prisoner Mooney in the vault in the area. The other went off with the mutton.
ALEXANDER GALDWELL. I am a watchman. When the rattle spring. I saw the prisoner Kent run away; and we went down to search the vaults, and brought the other prisoner up.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUKE
               



            . I saw the prisoner Kent take a leg of muttion from some person down the area, in consequence of which, I informed the second witness, and he made an alarm.
MOONEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
KENT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
