





1347. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DIXON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, one sheet, value 7s.; four handkerchiefs, value 2s.; three shirts, value 7s.; three pair of stockings, value 4s., and one apron, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rawley
                  




               
            .
RICHARD RAWLEY I am a baker
, and live in George-street, Spitalfields


. On the 24th of June, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, my child alarmed me, and said there was a man in the first-floor room, I ran up; when I got to the top of the stairs, my street - door was opened, and a person said a man had ran out of my private door with a bundle of linen. I ran out, but lost sight of the person. I sent for an officer, the people said the prisoner was up a passage in the street - we were examining the house, and heard a noise in the street; the officer ran out and took the prisoner. I found my room-door open, and the articles stated in the indictment gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a cheesemonger. I heard of the robbery. I watched outside while Hardy, the constable, searched a house three doors from the prosecutor's. I saw the prisoner come out of another door of the prosecutor's house in Thrall-street, I pursued, and stopped him in Fashion-street, and found the sheet tied round his body, and the rest of the things in a bundle.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a constable. I was searching a house, I heard he had run from another door; I saw him running, and secured him in Fashion-street. I found the bundle on him. He said he broke the door open and took the things out of the room; that he lived by thieving, and if he had his liberty to-morrow, he would thieve again.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I hope I shall be sent abroad for life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
