







164. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HARBOUR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November

, eleven pair of stockings, value 5 l.; ten yards of lace, value 30 s.; sixteen yards of ribbon, value 16 s.; eight silk handkerchiefs, value 32 s., and one yard of silk, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Todd
                  



               
            , 
               
                  James 
                  Morrison
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     John Edward 
                     Todd
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. ADOLPHUS.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am in partnership with Joseph and 
               
                  John 
                  Edward Todd
               



            ; we are haberdashers


, residing in Fore-street, Cripplegate



, and generally employ above one hundred servants. The prisoner Harbour, had been our shopman
 about two months. He slept in the shop, and occasionally carried out parcels. I do not know his wages.
Q. Had he power to dispose of your stock in any way as his own - A, Certainly not. Mr. Hamilton came to our house and put some tickets into my hand, which are our private marks, they have been on our goods, and are used in our shop. They apply to no other goods but silk stockings. When I first saw them I discovered them to be the marks of silk stockings.
WILLIAM HAMILTON. I am a carpenter and chair-maker, and lodge in Clement's-lane, in the same house with the prisoner Smith; she lodged on the first floor and I in the attic story. I was five weeks in the house, and dieted with her during that time. She was there when I came.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner, Harbour, there - A. Yes, several times in her room. She represented him as her cousin, who had just come from Wales. On the 11th of October, about eleven o'clock, I came home for a tool. I have one room on the attic, which has no door but the door at the lobby; the key of that door was left with the prisoner Smith. I knocked at her door, but did not speak; I received no answer, but thought I heard a noise inside. The door was shut; there were two frames on the stairs which had no glass in them; I looked through them and saw Harbour give her two pieces of Bandana silk handkerchiefs. I went out to the bottom of the lane, and looked in at a picture shop till I thought he was gone. I then returned, and knocked at her door for the key. She gave it to me directly. Her door was then wide open, and only she was there. I had been away about twenty-five minutes. When I was coming down with the tool she said,
"Come in, my cousin Richard was here just now, and I will shew you what a handsome present he has brought me." She opened a little box, which I had made for her, and shewed me fourteen silk handkerchiefs, and said,
"These were in two pieces a while ago, seven in each piece; and he gave me two pair of silk stockings, which I popped, and got 5 s. a pair on them, at Harris's, in the Strand; and Mr. Burgess, the clerk, said, if I had one hundred pair he would buy them all of me." I went away, and did not come home till about seven o'clock in the evening. Her husband and one 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , a tailor, were there then. I asked for a piece of candle to light me to bed. I wanted to know if Williams or her husband could know any thing of the handkerchiefs or not; and as I went up stairs I put the candle out, stopped on the stairs, looked into her room, and saw her open the box, and shew them the handkerchiefs, I heard her say she had received them from Richard. They always called him Richard only.
Q. Did you afterwards see Richard and her together - A. On the 24th, which was Sunday, about eleven o'clock, I was coming out of her room - her husband and her were there, and a strange man, a carpenter. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Harbour
               



             was coming in as I went out. As I went up stairs I looked in, and saw him salute Mrs. Smith, and asked for 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , the tailor - her husband was present; she said Williams was up stairs finishing a jacket. He said I will go up to see him. She went up and shewed him the room. I was in my own room and could hear what passed. She stopped a few minutes, and then went down. I heard her send her husband out for apples; he asked the other man to go with him, and he did. She ran up stairs and asked Richard to come down, for there was nobody there. I went down to this window, saw Richard take a paper out of his hat, and another from inside his coat next to his shirt and waistcoat. He asked Smith to give him the scissars to cut the marks off, saying,
"Here is eleven pair of silk stockings." She said,
"What price are they marked?" He said they sold for 11 s. in the shop. He left her in about twenty minutes. She called me down stairs that day, said her cousin, Richard, had made her a handsome present of eleven pair of silk stockings, and shewed them to me. I said he must be situated in a great way, must be in a large shop, and was beginning trade very soon. I said I had heard in my country of Bow-street officers, who were called
"Blood-hounds," and she had better take care what she was doing, for he was a young man. She said,
"Oh, let Tafiy alone for that." When he left on the Sunday, he said,
"I will be here at eleven o'clock to-morrow." It was my determination from the first to find out where he came from. I saw him there on the Tuesday, about eleven o'clock, and saw him take three papers of black and white silk stockings out. He said he wanted a little money; and she said,
"I will go and spout a couple of pair." She went out, and returned in about twenty minutes. He remained there till she returned with her little girl, who is eight or nine years old. She desired the little girl to lock the door and keep the key, if any one came to say her mother was out, and had got the key. While she was out Richard kept looking at his watch and papers. When she returned she gave him some money - how much I do not know. She afterwards told me he had brought twenty-four pair of stockings.
Q. Did you find out how he was employed - A. This went on for about five weeks. She called me down, and shewed me four pair of silk stockings with clocks; she wanted me to take up a board in the floor to put them under. I said, perhaps the officers might come in and catch me about it, and I should be thought as bad as her. She said she had thought of a better plan - she would spout them for a little, as she did not mean to stay long in London, and the rats might get them there. One day after he brought some stockings, he said he would bring no more, for a young man was discharged that day. She said, " Why, you said it was impossible to find it out, for you was put into the shop to sleep, as a greenhorn, and it was impossible for you to have any acquaintance." I hadheard him say that myself one day, and that he got up in the night and took them.
Q. How did you find him out - A. She always came down to let him out. On Saturday, the 13th, I went out as he was going out, and followed him to Messrs. Todds', in Fore-street.
Q. Had you before that got any cards - A. Yes; the first day when he brought the eleven pair of stockings he cut off the marks, and they fell on the carpet by the bed-side. After he was gone she called me, and the first thing I did was to pick up the bits of cards, and put them into my pocket. When I found where he lived, I gave them to Mr. Morrison, and informed him of every thing. I am positive they are the marks I saw cut from the stockings.
Q. Did she at any time ask you to do any thing with some marks - A. On the 27th, I saw Richard give her three pair of black silk stockings. He said,
"I am in a hurry, and cannot cut the marks off, as I am going with a person to Russell-square, and have left him in the baker's-shop while I ran here." When he was gone she came up stairs and went into a room next to where I was at work; she had a white bundle. She said,
"My cousin, Richard, has brought me a handsome present." I saw twenty-four pair of black silk stockings. She said they were marked 15 s. a pair. I said there was no such mark. She asked me to cut off the marks. I was going to do it with my chisel. She said I should dirt them, and she would go down and do it herself. I went down also. She sat in her room and desired her daughter to call up the landlord of the house. I had seen her shew them to the landlord always when Richard brought them. She represented him to the landlord as her brother.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Have you no other name than 
               
                  William 
                  Hamilton
               



             - A. Yes, I have taken another name for the last three weeks, in consequence of this woman, as I was informed her husband was determined to kill me if he saw me. I told Mr. Morrison to write to me by the name of Welch. I did not give that name to avoid being drawn for the militia.
Q. Do you know Mr. Morgan - A. My father died when I was four years old, and my mother married Morgan. I served my time to him, and am better known by that name in my own country.
Q. You swore at Bow-street your name was Hamilton, but the name you was known by in your country was Welch - A. Yes. If you had 4000 l. a-year you would change your name, as I changed mine for the sake of my life.
Q. Do you know Hamilton, who was tried at Cork - A. No. I was never tried in my life.
Q. Did you not leave Cork because you was tried there and lost your character - A. No, for I have been there lately, and bought provisions, pork and bacon, about a year ago. If you were at me till to-morrow morning you will get nothing from me but the truth. I staid in this country about six weeks, then returned, and was shipwrecked.
Q. You saw this business going on for five weeks - you knew where the Police officers were - A. Yes, I went to them. They said they could do nothing in it.
Q. Was not the hole covered with paper and a curtain - A. For the first fortnight there was no curtain, after that there was one; I could put my finger through and draw it aside. I have told nothing that I saw after the curtain was up. I never fell out with Smith till the first week she came to Clement's-lane.
Q. On your oath, was you not jealous of her on account of a Captain that came to her - A. No, I never was jealous of her. She never lent me money - I lent her some when her husband was taken up.
Q. You bought her some ear-rings - A. I did not. When I finished my work at Messrs. Poynters, in the City, I laid out 5 l. 15 s. in things to take to my country, and laid them under my bed. I bought her no ear-rings, but she took them from me.
Q. On your oath, did you not charge her at Bow-street with being too intimate with a Captain - A. On my oath, No. I never saw any misconduct in her till she came to Clement's-lane. I told the Magistrate of some indecency between her and the other prisoner.
Q. Was not the silk stockings found under your bed - A. No, I never had any.
Q. You had ear-rings - A. Yes, and nine ladies' silk handkerchiefs, which I bought and paid for; here is the bill of them - (producing it).
Q. Have you not said you never would have told a word of what you stated if she had lent you a 1 l. note on the day she was taken up - A. I never did to any one.


                  PETER 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am the prosecutors' servant. In consequence of information from 
               
                  William 
                  Hamilton
               



             I searched the prisoner, Harbour's, box; he opened it himself. I found property in it such as is sold in our shop. There were three silk handkerchiefs, two pair of silk stockings, and other things. I had not missed them.


                  JAMES 
                  HARLEY
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Todd. I missed nine or ten pair of black silk stockings ten or twelve days before this discovery took place.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I searched the prisoner Smith's lodgings in Clement's-lane, and found this ribbon, five pieces of lace, and a parcel of duplicates in a butter-pot in the cupboard. I also found some silk handkerchiefs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am a patrol, of Bow-street. I searched Smith's lodgings. She threw herself on the bed and began to cry. Between the bed and sacking I found six silk handkerchiefs, separated.
ALEXANDER M'BETH. I am foreman to Mr. Cameron, pawnbroker, in the Strand. On the 28th of October, the prisoner, Smith, pledged two pair of black silk stockings for 10 s., in my presence. She had been there two or three times before.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Strand. The prisoner, Smith, pledged three pair of black silk stockings with me on the 25th and 28th of October, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gray, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Fleet-street. I have every reason to believe the prisoner, Smith, to be the person who pledged two pair of black silk stockings for 8 s., on the 28th of October, in the name of Smith.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HARBOUR'S Defence. I am totally innocent.
SMITH'S Defence. Hamilton gave me all the stockingsthat were pledged. He says false to swear my life away.


                  CATHARINE 
                  BUNCE
               



            . I am a widow, and live in New Round-court, Strand. I heard 
               
                  William 
                  Hamilton
               



             say several times, that if Smith gave him a 1 l. note he would not prosecute her.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where did you hear this - A. At Bow-street, when they were committed.
Q. Have you a daughter named Ann - A. Yes, she lives with me.
Q. The officer found some silk stockings at her lodgings - A. No, only handkerchiefs and ribbon. She had them to make for Smith.


                  ELIZA 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I live at No. 10, Lumley-court, Strand. My husband is a carpenter. I heard Hamilton say, if the woman had given him 1 l. he would not appear against her.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where was this - A. At my house. I never heard it at Bow-street - it was after they were committed.
HARBOUR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
