





713. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HORTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of July
, a clock, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bond
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN BOND. I am a publican
; I keep the Bear and Staff
, Smithfield


. I lost my clock on Tuesday the 12th of July last; it was in my back parlour. In the afternoon the prisoner came in and had threepints of ale. I went in the parlour, and saw him there. I heard my wife give the alarm; I came down stairs immediately my wife said, only think the man that is just gone out has taken the clock. We pursued the prisoner. In the course of ten minutes the prisoner was stopped by the patrol, and taken to the watchhouse. I went to the watchhouse, and saw the prisoner and the dial; it was given in the charge of the constable. That is all I know of the transaction. This is the dial; it is mine. I am sure the prisoner was in the parlour at the time I went up stairs.
ELIZABETH BOND. I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner came in about ten o'clock. I served him with some ale; he had two or three pints of ale; he asked the waiter for a bed; I told the waiter to tell him he could not have a bed; we never let strangers have a bed; the waiter told him. He paid for the three pints of ale, and had change of a one pound note. About twelve o'clock he passed by the bar; I was sitting in the bar; he wished me good night; I got up, and wished him good night. I saw he had something in his hands which he held under his arm; I thought it did not belong to him. I gave the alarm and several went after him; but they did not see him until he was just taken. When I locked in the coffee-room I saw the dial was gone. That was between twelve and one o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a patrol. I stopped the prisoner at the corner of Red Lion-alley, Cow Cross I called my two partners to my assistance; we took him and the dial to the watchhouse.
Prosecutor. I am sure it is my dial; I had it about a year and a half. I am the landlord of the house; it is in the parish of St. Sepulchre.
GUILTY, aged 27,




               Of stealing to the value of 30 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
