





929. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     JEWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 197 silk handkerchiefs, value 82 l., and 40 yards of silk mode, value 50 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bryand
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tayler
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Francis Charles George 
                           Bryand
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS TAYLER
               



            . I am a silk manufacturer


, in partnership with William and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Charles George Bryand
               



            , we live in Spital-square, Bishopsgate-street, the prisoner was our porter
, and slept in the warehouse, to take care of the goods. About the middle of last month I suspected him. I searched, and found between twenty and thirty duplicates under his press bedstead. I charged him with robbing us, he denied it, but on my showing him the duplicates he was silent - I gave him in charge. He took me to different pawnbrokers, where he said he had pledged the goods; some of them gave the things up.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I think the property was taken at different times.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Sadler, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Aldersgate street. On the 21st of May the prisoner pledged twelve handkerchiefs for 1 l. in the name of Price.


                  SEPTIMUS 
                  SADLER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bishopsgate-street. I have three parcels of handkerchiefs, pledged on the 20th of March, 8th and 22d of May - I do not know who pledged them.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JAMES BURGESS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crown-street, Finsbury-square. I have four pieces of silk handkerchiefs, which I took in pledge between the 26th of November and 14th of February - I believe the prisoner to be the man.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERT CASSELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Aldersgate-street. I have twelve black silk handkerchiefs pledged with me by the prisoner for 15 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 27.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
