





1080. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CARTWRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, a coach-glass value 1 l.
             the property 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a hackney coachman
; I live in Sadler's-arms-yard, Swallow-street. I lost my glass on Saturday, the 16th of October, in the evening; I lost it from Bull-yard, in Swallow-street


, it was a hired chariot. Two officers from Bow-street office came and asked me to go down to Bull-yard, and see if I had lost any property; I went and examined the chariot; I found a glass missing.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner - A. He was a servant of mine; the neighbours told me he bore a bad character; I then discharged him.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRISTOW
               



            . I am a coachman to Mr. Newman. I drove the chariot the glass was taken from; I was in the chariot between seven and eight o'clock: the glass was there at that time; I did not hear it was gone until the next morning; I heard the prisoner was taken with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICOLLS
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday, the 16th of October, a little after eight in the evening, I was standing at the corner of Union-street, Swallow-street, the prisoner passed me with something under his coat; I ran after him, and stopped him; I took the glass from under his coat; I asked him where he got it from; he said, he did not know, he had it from a man. I took him into a public-house, and searched him. He begged hard for me to let him go, he had done it, he said, through distress, if I would let him go, he would take the glass to where he stole it from; going along to the office he said, he had it out of Bull-yard, Swallow-street. This is the glass.
Prosecutor. I know it to be my glass.
Prisoner's Defence. I did it through distress.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
