






307. 
               
                  
                     DONALD 
                     FORSYTH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DORAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Miers
                        




                     
                  , the elder
, the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Miers
                     



                  , and others, being therein, about the hour of one at noon, on the 7th of March
, and stealing therein, a pair of gold enamelled ear-rings, value 1 l. 4 s. 6 d. and one ear-ring, value 10 s.
             the property of John Miers, Senior.
JOHN MIERS, JUN. My father's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Miers
               



            , he lives at 111, in the Strand


, he keeps the house, he is a jeweller
. The house is in the precinct of the Savoy


; it is called the precinct of St. John the Baptist


. I believe it is annexed to the parish of St. Mary-le-Strand


.
Q. Are your taxes levied by the parish of St. Mary-le-Strand - A. I believe they are levied by the churchwardens of the precinct of St. John.
Q. What makes you suppose that it is annexed to St. Mary-le-Strand - A. We have some of the charity children of the parish of St. Mary-le-Strand come to the church in the Savoy; my father's house is on the south side of the Strand, nearly facing Exeter change


. On Wednesday, the 7th of March, I saw 
               
                  Donald 
                  Forsyth
               



             in the act of pulling out ear-rings.
Q. Had you seen him before that - A. Yes, on the 6th of March. I saw Donald Forsyth endeavouring to push out a piece of glass in the shop window, he could not do it on account of the putty being so hard; the pane of glass had been cracked before, there was no hole in it; upon my seeing him attempting to do this he was followed down the Strand, he was by himself; that is all I saw then. On the 7th of March, about one o'clock, I saw 
               
                  Donald 
                  Forsyth
               



             in the act of taking out the ear-rings; the other prisoner was standing by him at the time; he had a hook wire. The glass had been previously pushed out, I did not see it pushed out.
Q. Did you see him move any thing - A. One earring. I had observed the window half an hour before, the piece of glass was not pushed out then. We were watching the window every half hour, expecting he would come.
Q. You say you observed him take out an ear-ring with an hooked wire - A. He 
               drew
             the ear-ring to the front of the tray in which it was laying, there was no glass in the front of the tray, and when he 
               drew
             the ear-ring to the front of the tray he put his finger within the window and took it out; the two other rings that were found on him were previously taken out; Mr. Field went out of doors, took them both, and brought them into the shop.
Q. At the time that Forsyth was doing this, what did Doran do - A. He appeared to be covering him, he was dressed in a soldiers great coat, standing close to him. I saw the prisoners searched when the officer came, three ear-rings were found upon Forsyth.
Q. Was that ear-ring found upon him that you saw him take out of the shop - A. It was. Doran had his forefinger cut, it appeared to have been recently done.
Q. Where was your father at this time - A. He was in the shop.


                  LEWIS 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. Miers. On the 6th of March I saw Forsyth leave the window, and after he had gone five or six paces I saw Doran join him: I followed them along the Strand, they went up Southampton-street. On the 7th, about one o'clock, I saw Forsyth at the window; I had observed the window about a quarter of an hour before that time, there was only a simple crack in the glass, no hole whatever.
Q. After you observed the boy Forsyth there what further did you observe - A. I observed that they were both very close to the window, I called to young Mr. Miers to come to observe what they were doing, while I went to the door, and when I went to the door I laid hold of them both and brought them in; I stepped in between them and took them one in each hand. I took this hooked wire from Forsyth.
Q. What parish is Mr. Miers's house in - A. In the precinct of the Savoy, that is connected with St. Mary-le-Strand; the poor rates are collected by the officers in the Savoy parish.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . I am a officer belonging to Bow-street. On the 7th of March, between one and two o'clock, I went to Mr. Miers's, when I got there the prisoners were in the shop. I searched Forsyth, in his right hand breeches pocket were these two earrings, and at the bottom of his trowsers, between the lining and the outside, I found this larger one; nothing was found on Doran; he had a cut on his finger, which appeared to have been recently done.
The property produced and identified.
Forsyth said nothing in his defence.
Doran's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.
FORSYTH - GUILTY, aged 12.
DORAN - GUILTY, aged 17.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house, nor of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
