





569. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously having a forging bank note for payment of 5 l. in his possession, he knowing it to be forged
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  ORAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Oram
               



            , who keeps the Lincoln's Inn coffee-house, in the Strand. On the 13th of April the prisoner came into our house with another man, who went away; between five and six o'clock Limbrick came in, the prisoner endeavoured to pass him, but he seized him; the prisoner looked confused, and threw a parcel into the bar, I took it up, and threw into the passage again. They were scuffling together.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I was with Read at the Lincoln's Inn coffee-house; we sat down and had a pint of beer, and saw the prisoner there, reading the newspaper, and leering under his hat at us; I went out, returned in less than a minute, and saw him coming out of the tap-room - he seemed very much confused, looked at me, and went towards the bar. I saw a paper parcel in his hand, he appeared to throw it on the ground, but whether he threw it into the bar or not, I cannot say; it was done while I turned my head to call Read - I saw it lying in the passage, and seeing him going to the back of the premises, I laid hold of him; he immediately threw a small parcel down the privy, which was at the end of the passage. I brought him back, picked up the parcel in the passage, and delivered it to Read. I waited at the privy till Edmonds came, I let him down, and he brought up a parcel which I opened, it contained five 1 l. notes. The parcel found in the passage contained four parcels, each containing twenty 1 l. notes, and ten 1 l. notes in another; and a small bag, containing twelve 2 l., ten 5 l., and six 1 l. notes, all of which I marked (looks at them) - these are them. Those found in the privy have names written upon them, and were folded up separately; the rest are new.


                  ROBERT 
                  EDMONDS
               



            . I am a chimney-sweeper. On the 13th of April I was sent for to Oram's, went down the privy, and brought a paper parcel up, which I delivered to Limbrick. It laid at the top of the soil.


                  JAMES 
                  ORAM
               



            . I keep the house. I saw the boy bring the parcel out of the privy and deliver it to Limbrick - it contained five 1 l. notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I was with Limbrick. He has spoken correctly.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . These notes are all forged in every respect. The 5 l. notes are all off one plate, and the ones are also off one plate.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a signing clerk at the Bank, but do not sign 5 l. notes. The notes are not my signing. Several of them purport to be signed by me.
(The notes were here put in and read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
