





1195. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, one watch, value 2l.; one seal, value 5s., and one ring, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Baldwin
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of Sir James Graham, Bart.
            

JAMES BALDWIN. I am under-butler
 to Sir James Graham, who lives in Portland-place


. On the 20th of July, between nine and one o'clock in the day, I lost my watch off the shelf in the butler's pantry, and found it again at the pawnbroker's. There is no area to the house.


                  JOSIAH 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harrison, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Tottenham-court-road. On the 20th of July the prisoner pledged the watch, ring, and seal with me for 25s. On the Saturday following a man came to redeem it. I gave him in charge, and he took us to the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to Harrison's to take a man into custody, who came to redeem the watch. He said he knew nothing of its having been stolen, he was only going to buy the duplicate. He took us to the Maidenhead, public-house, Hopkins-street - Eddington keeps the house. The man pointed the prisoner out, and said he had offered to sell him the duplicate. The prisoner said, if I would get the prosecutor to make it up, he would give me 1l. for my trouble - I refused.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is mine. I bought it at the Maidenhead.



                  RICHARD 
                  EDDINGTON
               



            . I keep the Maidenhead, public-house, in Hopkins-street, St. James's. A man came to my house some day about the 1st of August, and sold the prisoner the watch.
GUILTY. Aged 33.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
