





1539. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am messenger of St. Martin's work-house, I have an extract from the register of marriages of St. James, Westminster. It is a true copy. I examined it myself. - (Reads)-"9th February, 1801, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Taylor
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hayter
                  



               
            , were married by banns. 1. Murray, curate."


                  PATIENCE 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I was present at the prisoner's marriage with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hayter
               



            , at St. James's church; I saw her alive in April or May last. The prisoner is a sailor
.


                  HARRIET 
                  LE STURGEON
               



            . I was married to the prisoner on the 4th of January last, at St. Ann's, Soho


, by banns. I had furniture and other things. The prisoner said he was a widower, and had been so for two years. He livedwith me until the 10th of March, and then left me without giving any reason. He went out one morning, said he was going to look for work, and never returned - I did not know he was going to leave me. I was with child by him at the time; the child was born two months ago in St. Martin's workhouse. The prisoner took a few of my things, and made away with the chief of my clothes to support himself while he was with me.
Prisoner's Defence. I parted with my first wife by mutual consent, and went into the country for a year; I found she had taken a woman into my room to prevent my being with her. I afterwards married my second wife, and left her to look for work; I desired a man to pay her 5l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
