





76. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of November
, twenty-three quires of writing paper, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Curteis
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Lepidge 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . Forrester and I were going on the 26th of November, we stopped the prisoner in Cutler-street; I said, you have got a log of wood; he said, yes. I took him under is lamp, it turned out to be a ream of paper; I asked him who he was; he said he should not satisfy me; he said a person had given him the paper in the street. I then lodged him in the Poultry Compter, and left the paper with the ward beadle. I have the paper here. I got information that the paper belonged to the prosecutor, and the prisoner was his porter. I searched the prisoners lodgings. The prisoner confessed that he had robbed his master of several reams of paper off his master's pile, but another man had led him into it.


                  LEPIDGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . My partner

's name is Thomas Curteis; the prisoner was our porter
. I know this paper, there is my servants writing on it. We have missed twenty reams of paper of this sort, this paper cost about, a guinea a ream. The prisoner's wages was twenty four shillings a week, and a dinner every day at my expence.
Prisoner's Defence. I have a wife and four children totally dependant on me for support, who are now by my being deprived of my daily labour obliged to apply to the parish.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
