






648. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
 two jackets, value 10s., and two waistcoats, value 5s.
            , the goods of our Lord the King.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Green
               




            .
EDWARD GREEN. I am master-tailor at the Military Asylum, Chelsea




. On the 22d of February, two jackets and two waistcoats were taken out of my shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  ECCLESTON
               



            . I have been seven years in the Asylum-Allen has been there eleven years. On Sunday afternoon, the 22d of February, I went, in company with the prisoners. We took a ladder from the yard, and put it against the tailor's shop-window, about seven o'clock in the evening, it was dark. Allen went up, and opened the window, it was not fastened inside. Both the prisoners went into the shop, and brought out the two jackets and waistcoats - I waited under the Colonade; they were dressed in scarlet. Allen put the blue jacket over his scarlet one. Johnson left his own jacket under the Colonade, and put on one of the blue ones. They then took the ladder, and put it against the shoe-maker's shop-window; they afterwards went to the dormitory of another company to rob it. They were taken into custody in the 7th company's dormitory.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a serjeant in the Asylum. On the 22d of February, in the evening, I called over the roll of the 6th of company, and found Allen was absent - I saw nothing of him until about half-past ten o'clock-about that time I heard a noise in the 7th company's dormitory overhead. As I was going to bed, I went up with a candle. The boys called out that there were thieves under the bed. The prisoners ran from the next room down stairs, out of the 7th company's dormitory - I followed, my wife stopped them - They pushed her down, and made their escape. As they ran away they threw away three gimlets, some halfpence, victuals belonging to the children, and a prayer-book belonging to the chapel. My candle went out - I followed Johnson, and took him at the bottom of the yard - He had blue clothes on. I brought him up. Allen had stopped on the stairs - We took him. I saw the tailor's shop-window open, and some marks on it-Allen and Eccleston were on the stairs-Allen had a blue waistcoat under his red one-the boys always wear red clothes. The blue jackets are what are given to the boys when they are apprenticed out. Allen said he got the jackets out of the tailor's shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Fined One Shilling and Discharged
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
