





919. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, sixteen pair of boots, value 5 l. 3 s.; fifteen pair of shoes, value 2 l. 16 s.; four pair of shoe upper-leathers, value 14 s., three pair of boot upper-leathers, value 13 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Willis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker
, and live in Cheapside


; the prisoner had lived with me about twelve months as a ladies' shoe clicker
. For several months past I have missed sundry articles; I suspected him, and on the 29th of May, I got an officer from Guildhall, and went to the prisoner. We asked him if he objected to have his lodgings searched? he said No. I went to the office, requesting the prisoner to remain in the shop with my young man till I returned. When we arrived I found him and the young man at the door. On entering the room we found his wife in great agitation at our appearance. The officer proceeded to examine the room, and found the articles stated in the indictment, and several other articles which were mine. He begged I would have mercy on him, as he said it was his first offence,
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. He was allowed to take shoes home to bind - A. Yes, but he was told that day to bring home all his work, and he did so, and said it was all he had got. I never sold him goods.


                  JOHN 
                  WAITE
               



            . I am a clicker at the prosecutor's; I have been so thirteen or fourteen years. On the 29th of May Mr. Willis brought an officer to the shop, who gave the prisoner into my charge until they had returned from searching his lodgings. A few minutes after they went out he went to the door and ran off; I followed and overtook him. I asked him what he was running away for? he said Mr. Willis had accused him of robbing him. I told him he knew his own conscience best, and if he knew he was innocent, why not stick to his post, and never mind his lodgings being searched; he appeared much agitated, and said his wife would be frightened into fits. I accompanied him home; we found Mr. Willis and the officer at the door. Mr. Willis asked him why he did not stay at the shop? he said because they were gone to search his lodgings. We all went up into his lodgings, where we found his wife and two children; the officer found several yards of galoon tucked in her apron. She was asked for the boots and shoes which her husband had brought home at dinner-time; she went to one corner of the room, and pulled out several pair of boots and shoes. She officer searched the room, and found the articles stated in the indictment.
JOHN FOX. I am an officer. I went and searched the prisoner's lodgings and found some galoon concealed under his wife's apron; I also found the articles stated in the indictment, with a quantity of satin and silk for ladies' shoes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
