





170. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EWBANK
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 25th of July
, was clerk to 
                        
                           
                              William 
                              Owen
                           




                        
                     , barrister at law


, and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him, and being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive the sum of 2 l. 2 s. for and on account of his said master, and that he afterwards did secrete and steal the same
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be a two-pound bank-note, and two shillings.


                  HALE 
                  WORTHING
               



            . Q. I believe you are a nephew and clerk to Mr. Worthing, the attorney - A. Yes.
Q. What is his name - A. 
               
                  James 
                  Worthing
               



            .
Q. On the 25th of July last, did you take a papers to Mr. Owen's chambers - A. Yes. I delivered the answer to Mr. Owen's clerk, the prisoner. I paid him two guineas. I gave him a two-pound note and a dollar, and he gave me a shilling.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . Q. You are a barrister - A. Yes.
Q. Has the prisoner been for some time your clerk - A. He has, for years. He was entrusted with the utmost confidence.
Q. When the prisoner received fees how often did he hand them over to you - A. It was his duty to hand them over to me every Saturday. He, on a separate piece of paper gave me the account of the fees of the week referring to the fee-book, as to such fees of clients whose names were entered in the book.
Q. You have a client of the name of Worthing - A. Yes. The 25th of July, I believe, was on a Saturday; it so happened that he made no account that week either on Saturday the 25th, or on the Monday. I distinctly asked him, as I had no account rendered, whether he had received any fees in that week or not. His answer was, that he had not. I particularly asked him this question, what, has not Mr. Worthing paid his fee for the answer. His answer was, no. I did not see the book that time. On the Saturday after I looked at the book.

Q. At that time was the entry in the state it is now, with the exception of Pd. Wo. - 4. It was with the exception of Pd. Wo.
Q. At that time there was no note of it being paid to you - A. Certainly not. I left town for the long vacation, on Saturday, the 20th of August. I came to town on the Monday following, and was in town until the Saturday. On Friday, the 28th of August, when he rendered me the account for that week; not seeing Worthing in it, I asked him if Mr. Worthing had paid. He said not. I asked him this question in consequence of my suspicion, and fixed my mind on Worthing. I returned to town on the 1st of October. I looked in the book in the course of that week.
Q. In the course of the week did you find the entry in the book exactly remaining so - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of some discovery you made in the month of November, did you question the prisoner, in consequence of some fees received by him not accounted to you - A. I did; particularly on Monday, the 23d, or on the Tuesday. On my turning to the entry, I observed the entry had, Pd. Wo. In the first place, I asked him if that, Pd. Wo. was his hand-writing. Neither the, Pd. nor, Wo. is my hand-writing; that never was paid to me by the prisoner, or by any other person. I asked him then, when this fee had been paid. His answer was, about the time the paper was left. I then said, that is on the 25th of July. He said, yes, or thereabouts. I then asked him, whose writing that was: putting my finger to the Wo. He hesitated, and rather faintly said it was mine. He did not say distinctly, but rather hesitated about it, and then intimated that it was mine. I then made this observation; I know, and can swear positively, that this fee was never id by you to me; I have had my eye upon this particular case; I have recorded this in my memory per m; I am confident it is your's. I told him, that I had placed himself in an awkward situation. On Thursday, the 26th, he acknowledged that was his hand-writing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
