





427. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     FURLONGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of April
, two shirts, value 10 s. three neckcloths, value 3 s. a waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and a pocket book, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pilcher
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leach
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dallimore
                  



               
            .
EDWARD PILCHER. I am a miller
.
Q. On the 9th of April, 1809, were you at the London coffee-house - A. I was; I arrived there on the morning of the 9th of April; I brought with me a portmanteau.
Q. Do you remember the number of the room to which you were shewn - A. I do not exactly remember the number; it was at the top of the house; my portmanteau was put into that room that I engaged; I had in that portmanteau a pocket book, and some articles of linen. I did not sleep in the coffee-house that night. On the 10th, the next day, I called at the London coffee-house, about two o'clock, I found my portmanteau was cut, and missed two shirts, three neckcloths, a waistcoat, two pocket handkerchiefs, a pair of stockings, and my pocket book; I mentioned it to the people of the house that I had lost these things out of my portmanteau; a strap that went round the portmanteau was cut at one end, so that it was completely open. This was on Monday the 10th. On Tuesday week the 18th of April, I received that letter by the post.


                  HANS 
                  BUST
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes; I have seen him write; he was a clerk in a brewery that I had.
Q. Look at that paper - do you believe it to be his hand-writing - A. I do; I believe the whole of the letters to be his hand-writing.
Mr. Pilchar. I received two other letters from him, one at Margate, and the other at the London coffee-house.
Mr. Bust. I believe them all to be his hand-writing; I have had many opportunities of seeing him write.
Mr. Alley to prosecutor. I have letters from No. 1, up to No. 10 - A. I received all from him.
(The letter, No. 1. read.) Signed G. B. directed to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pilcher
               



            , Margate.
"London, 19th of April, 1809.
SIR, Your pocket book has fell into the hands of a young man whose ungovernable passion, and cursed insatuation for the gaming table has led him into an act the most disgraceful; and the property I took from your trunk at the London coffee-house furnished me with a guinea at a moment I was destitute; again I took to the gaming table and have been fortunate; this morning an opportunity offered for my going abroad with the prospect of doing good. Your linen is gone, and it is out of the question. Is your pocket book of any value to you? I offer it to you on the following terms; I require twenty-five pounds. Twenty-five pounds is a large sum to give away, possibly you will have to return at no distant period. Insert to me in the Morning Chronicle Newspaper the following, should you be disposed to give this sum; - E. P. R. agrees to the propoposition contained in G. B's communication. This I shall look for, and do not delay."
Mr. Gleed to prosecutor. This is a long time since this happened - A. It is above a year.
Q. I do not know whether you in point of fact packed up your own clothes yourself, or left it for your servant - A. I am pretty sure I packed them up myself. I am certain I lost my things out of my portmanteau; I saw the pocket book in the portmanteau, and the linen also when I was in London. I arrived by the mail coach at the London coffee-house; I shifted myself at the London coffee-house, and saw them there; I do not know the number of the room I had there, it was between No. 60 and 70. I received that letter at Margate; I marked it.


                  MARY 
                  WALTON Q. Were
               



             you, in the month of April, last year, upper chamber-maid at the London coffee-house - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Pilcher coming there in the mail coach on Sunday morning - A. Yes; he engaged a chamber, No. 65.
Q. Look at the prisoner and tell me whether at thattime he lodged at the London coffee-house - A. Yes, he was sleeping at No. 66. Mr. Pilcher told me to take care of his portmanteau; he should not sleep there that night. He left his portmanteau in his chamber, and went away till the next day. He spoke loud enough that any one in No. 66 might hear him. On the next day Mr. Pilcher returned to the house, he complained to me that his portmanteau had been cut.


                  FRANCES 
                  MILLER
               



            . In April, the last year, I was chambermaid at the London coffee-house.
Q. Do you remember the time the portmanteau was cut - A. Yes. I shewed the prisoner to bed on the night of the 9th of April, or the 10th, I cannot recollect which; I lit him up to bed on the night the portmanteau was cut; the prisoner lodged two nights in our house; nobody lighted him up the next night.


                  FRANCIS 
                  NALDER
               



            . Q. I believe, in consequence of the correspondence that was carrying on, you were stationed at Garraway's coffee-house - A. I was; on the 3d of May, 1809.
Q. You were stationed there and a letter was put in there with twenty-five pound in notes - A. I was stationed there; this pocket book was brought there by a porter, and given to Mr. Pilcher in my presence.
Q. At that time you did not succeed in apprehending the prisoner - A. I did not.
Q. On the 4th of April last did you by accident meet him - A. I did, in St. Paul's church-yard; Bishop, the officer, was with me; he went up and and asked him if his name was not Furlonger, he said it was; upon that I accosted him; I told him that I had a question to put to him relative to some business at the London coffee-house, and whether he would have any objection to go there to have some questions put to him; his answer was, certainly not; he was desirous to know what we wanted of him. When he came to that part of St. Paul's church yard where there is a turning into Pater-noster-row, he sprang from us and ran as fast as possible for a man to run; I cried out stop thief; he was stopped. I put him into a house and went to Mr. Leech.
DANIEL BISHOP. I am an officer. While the prisoner was in my custody in St. Paul's churchyard I told him he was charged with a felony at the London coffee house, and for writing a number of letters; he acknowledged writing the letters; he said, distress, and misfortunes of his family drove him to it; I then shewed him a letter, which I have in my hand; he said he wrote a number of letters; I said, did you write this; he said, yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I bow with submission to your lordship and the court, and throw myself on the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
