





236. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HATFIELD
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanour
            .


                     JOSEPH 
                     ORD
                  




               
            . I am a haberdasher
 in St. Paul's Church-yard


. On the 3d of December last, the prisoner came to my house; he represented himself as the Stretham carrier. He called, he said, for a parcel for Mrs. Cater. I had previously received a letter from a person calling herself Mrs. Cater, on the morning of the same day.
(The letter read.)
"Mrs. Cater will be obliged to Mrs. Ord to send her on Thursday by the carrier, six yards of twilled sarsenet, and the widest you have. I think I paid you for the last I had seven shillings per yard. I wish to have it of the same quality, and a bill of the same, and the carrier shall bring you the money on his return; also will thank you to send me two or three skeins of purple silk. Stretham, December 3, 1812. Addressed to Mr. Ord, St. Paul's churchyard."
Q. to Mr. Ord. You had no such customer - A. No; that excited my suspicion. I gave orders to my people that if the carrier should call, the goods should not be sent. They were to state to the carrier if he called, that the lady was not known to me. About five in the evening, the prisoner called as the carrier. He said, he was the Stretham carrier, that he called for Mrs. Cater's parcel. I went to the prisoner from curiosity. I asked him what Mrs. Cater was. He said, she was a lady of great respectability, and kept her carriage. He had been her carrier for four years. I asked him where he went from in London. He said, the Old Bailey, Bishopsgate-street, and the Borough. He held in his hand a pocket-book; it appeared to contain letters, as carriers commonly have directions and orders and patterns of goods that he had got to match. I was determined to risk it. I thought she might have been a lady that came to my shop. I was present when the goods were delivered, six yards of sarsenett, at eight shilings a yard, and three skeins of purple silk at ten-pence a skein. They were put up in a paper parcel, by a young person who is in court, directed to Mrs. Cater, Stretham.
Q. It was your property, and you expected to be paid for them, did not you - A. I did. I have not receive the remittance as promised. I did not receive the money on the following day. I became suspicious that the carrier or Mrs. Cater had deceived me. I waited a reasonable time for the money to arrive, I sent a young man down to Stretham, to ascertain the fact. They ascertained that there was no Mrs. Cater, at Stretham.
Q. You never received the money or had the goods returned - A. No.


                  MARY 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I assist Mr. Ord. I was in the shop at the time that Mr. Ord described, that the prisoner came in. The prisoner came in, and asked for the parcel for Mrs. Cater. I went and told Mr. Ord that the carrier had come for the parcel for Mrs. Cater. Mr. Ord came to the prisoner; he asked him whether he knew Mrs. Cater. He said, yes, he knew her perfectly well; he said, she was a lady that kept her carriage, and that he had carried parcels for her for four years. Mr. Ord then went and cut off the sarsenet, and gave it me to pack up. I packed it, and enclosed a note with a bill of parcels. I directed it to Mrs. Cater, Stretham; and while hewas at the counter he pulled out his pocket-book, and in his pocket-book there were several papers; on one was a bit of muslin. He said, it would be eleven o'clock before he got home. Then I gave him the parcel. He asked for a pint of beer. He never returned the next day. On the 21st, I went with the officer for the purpose of taking the prisoner. He was taken at the Dog and Bear public-house, in the Borough, at half after ten at night. The moment I saw him I knew him. I have no doubt he is the same person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROCKWAY
               



            . I am the postman at Stretham. I have been so between twelve and thirteen years. I know Stretham very well.
Q. Do you know such a person as Mrs. Cater - A. No, I never heard of the name; there is no such person at Stretham.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARR
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Ord.
Q. Did you make enquiries at Stretham for such a person as Mrs. Cater - A. I did. I could not find her.


                  ROBERT 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am the Stretham carrier. There is no other Stretham carrier than me and John Lane.
Q. Do you know the prisoner; is he John Lane.
A. I think I have seen him. He is not John Lane. The prisoner is not a person employed as a Stretham carrier.
HENRY KELLIDGE. I apprehended the prisoner in the Borough, at the Dog and Bear. I took him to the White Horse, and searched him. On him I found this pocket-book; the pocket-book contained four letters. The Lord Mayor broke them open the next day; they all contain orders for goods.
(The letters read.)


                  EDWARD 
                  MILLS
               



            . I keep the Dog and Bear public-house, in the Borough. I know the prisoner very well, and I know his neice. I have seen them both write; they write so much alike I cannot tell one writing from the other. I have know the prisoner four years; his uncle had the Ching cart; his uncle sold the Ching cart to Smith. The prisoner has worked for Smith in the Ching cart.


                  PETER 
                  BRANSCOMB
               



            . I am a City officer. On the 4th of January, I went to the cousin of the prisoner, and I got the direction where the prisoner lodged from the cousin. She said, this box belonged to the prisoner. In this box I found the bill of parcels, proporting to be writ by Mr. Ord. This is it; and here are the three skeins of silk.
Mr. Ord. That is the bill of parcel that was given to the prisoner with a note directed to Mrs. Cater.
Prisoner's Defence. I never knew any body call me Bateman but Mr. Mills. I am innocent of the crime imputed to me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
