





1508. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SWINBANK
                  




               
             was indicted 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, one jacket, value 7 s.; one waistcoat, value 10 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 1 s.; two stockings, value 9 d.; two shoes, value 6 d., and one hat, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Doeg
                        



                     
                  ; one boat, value 2 l., and two oars, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Holding
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DOEG
               



            . I am a ship carpenter
. On Monday, the 4th of October, my clothes were on board the ship, Contest


, which laid at Limehouse Hole Tier


; I lost the articles stated in the indictment out of the steerage. I took them off about ten o'clock at night to go to bed, and missed them at six o'clock in the morning when I awoke; I sleep on board - the prisoner did not belong to the ship; I never saw him before - he must have had a boat to get to the ship. I saw them on Friday at the Thames Police Office, where the prisoner was in custody. The thief left an old hat and pair of Stockings behind him.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOLDING
               



            . I am owner of a wherry - I do not know the prisoner. On the 4th of October, about six o'clock at night, my wherry was safe at Pelican-stairs. About six o'clock in the morning, I went to the stairs, and missed it and two oars also - it had been chained to the others; the padlock was easily opened. I found it at the office that morning; I never authorized the prisoner to use it.


                  JAMES 
                  CRAIGE
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. On the 5th of October I stopped the prisoner near Limehouse Quay, in a boat with two oars; he had a bag; containing eight sheets, and other articles - he was wearing Doeg's things. I hailed the boat, and told him to stop - nobody but him was in it. He left the boat, and ran over three barges; but I followed, and secured him without losing sight of him. I have found an owner for the sheets.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I hailed a boat, but no boatman being there, I took one myself.



               GUILTY
             Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
