





1414. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, in an out-house, belonging to the dwelling-house of James Gunter, Esq. one 40l., bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Hiscock
                        




.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HISCOCK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Hiscock
               



            , who is coachman
 to 
               
                  James 
                  Gunter
               



            , Esq. at Kensington


. We live over the stables, which are some distance from the dwelling-house. The prisoner is a carpenter
, and worked on the premises. On Saturday the 12th of September, I found a difficulty in opening my drawer, and got the prisoner to open it. I took 1s. out - I believe the 40l. note was then safe in the purse, which was in the drawer, but I did not look for it. On the 15th I missed it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Holywell-street. On Sunday morning the 13th of September, the prisoner came to my father's shop, and bought 8l. worth of wearing apparel, offered me a 40l. note, and gave me the name of "Wallis, Fulham." I asked him if he knew any person in town? he said he knew a person at the Angel Inn, but refused to go there with me. I declined taking the note. I wrote the name on it.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I am sure he is the man. I never doubted it.


                  JAMES 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. On the 13th of September, in the evening, he gave me a 40l. note to get changed. On the Monday I gave it to Mr. Simmons's shopman to get it changed.


                  PHOEBE 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in the Strand. On the 14th of September the last witness paid me a 40l. note; I sent my lad out to see if it was good, he mistook me, and got it changed; I sent him back for the note, he returned it to Morris, who wanted it changed very much. I sent my boy to get it changed at the Bank - He absconded with the change.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOLE
               



            . I am a clerk at the Bank. I produce the 40l. note, which was brought in and changed in the name of Simmons, Strand.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



             re-examined. It is the note the prisoner brought to me-it has my hand-writing on it.


                  CHARLES 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Barclay and Co., bankers. I paid this note to the order of John Davis, in part of 69l.


                  ANDREW 
                  HISCOCK
               



            . I received that note from Messrs. Barclays'-Davis paid me a check on them.
Prisoner. I beg for mercy. 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
Of stealing, but not in an out-house belonging to a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
