





865. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Ellerby, in Ave Maria-lane; he is a wholesale dealer in hardware.
Q. Does Messrs. Johnsons deal with Mr. Ellerby - A. They do.
Q. Some time ago did the prisoner live with Messrs. Johnsons - A. He did, about four years ago. On the 11th of July, the prisoner came to our warehouse for a set of white handled knives; he brought this paper;
"one set of plain white handled table knives and forks, a set of desserts, and a pair of carvers, for Messrs. Johnsons, in Fleet-Street." That is the paper he delivered into my hands; I looked out the articles, gave him them, and a bill of parcels, supposing him to come from Messrs. Johnsons, as he had came at other times. Upon my suggestion he was apprehended.
WILLIAAM JOHNSON. My partners are 
               
                  Ebenezer 
                  Johnson
               



            , the elder, and 
               
                  Ebenezer 
                  Johnson
               



            , the younger. Some time ago the prisoner was our servant
, in May, 1811, he left us.
Q. In the month of July last, had you authorised him to go to Mr. Ellerby's, to obtain knives and forks for you - 
               A. 
            Certainly not.
Q. Whose writing is that paper - A. It is not either mine or my partners. The prisoner was not employed at all by us since 1811.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ALDER
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner. This duplicate I took from the prisoner; I asked him how he came to act in that manner; he said, it was through necesity.

DAVID CAMERON. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the property. I did not take it in pawn myself.
Martin. These are the knives and forks.

Q. 
            What are they worth - A. Three pounds nineteen shillings and sixpence. They were pawned for thirty shillings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
