






1262. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PROUDLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, two bushels of oats, beans, and clover chaff, mixed together, value 6 s. 1 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fag
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  KERR
               



            . I manage Mr. Fag's yard at the Bell and Crown, Holborn, he has a stable in Leather-lane


, Thompson was the horse-keeper
 there; Proudley is a hackney-coachman
. On the 25th of August I was desired to watch Thompson - I slept at the stable. I got up at three o'clock in the morning - Thompson came to the yard about half-past four, and went to his usual work. He opened the gates and pushed them to, but did not shut them.About five o'clock I saw Proudly come into the yard with an empty sack over his left arm; he pushed open one of the great gates, came in, and walked up the yard towards Thompson. Soon after I saw Thompson go down, open one of the gates, and look about him; then Proudley followed him with a sack, three parts full, on his back - I immediately followed, and took him about thirty yards from the gateway with the sack on his back, and said,
"I have got you now; I have been looking for you sometime." He begged for mercy, and that I would let him go with his coach - I did not see his coach then. He dropped the sack, our porter secured it. I took him back to the yard where Thompson was - Thompson wanted to get out of the gate, I pushed him back, and secured them both. I found the sack contained a mixture of oats, beans, and clover chaff - there were two bushels. Thompson had eleven horses to feed; I gave him out the corn every day.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Has he any horses of his own in the yard - A. No. Proudley once lived in the same house with him.
Cross-examined by MR. BROADRICK. Thompson knew I slept in the yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOODS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Fag. I got up at three o'clock, and watched near the gate in Leather-lane. About five Proudley came with his coach, which stopped at the corner of Charles-street. He opened the coach-door. I did not see him again till I saw him come out of the stable gate with the sack on his back, and going towards his coach - Kerr followed him. I took the sack, and found Thompson in the yard - he said he gave it to Proudley, and both begged for mercy.
PROUDLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
