





1316. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KIGELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, one coat, value 7 s.; one pair of breeches, value 5 s.; one waistcoat, value 3 s.; one piece of kerseymere, value 15 s.; one pair of shoes, value 3 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 3 s., and 15 s. in monies numbered
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Copson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COPSON
               



            . I lodge in the New-road


. On the 25th of August, about nine o'clock at night, the prisoner came and took a lodging in the same room with me. When I came home I found him abed; he said he had come to lodge there - the kerseymere was on the shelf; I slept in the same room. I awoke about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and he was gone, also my clothes and the piece of kerseymere. On the 15th of September, I found him in custody with my coat on his back. I have found nothing else.
CHARITY ADDIS. I rent the house. On the 28th of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to lodge there, and slept in the same bed with the prosecutor; I saw the kerseymere there about seven o'clock at night. Next morning the prisoner was gone; he had taken the lodging at 2 s. 6 d. per week. I afterward saw him by Marlborough-street Office, and secured him - I am certain he is the man. I talked to him some time.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I took this coat off the prisoner's back.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was one hundred and twenty miles off at this time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
