





422. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FELLOWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, three frocks, value 6s.; three petticoats, value 3s.; two pair of stockings, value 2s.; three aprons, value 1s.; one pincloth, value 6d.; one shift, value 2s.; four yards of cotton, value 4s.; one pair of shoes, value 1s.; two books, value 5s.; and one box, value 1s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Moxon
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating the goods to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth Mary 
                     Moxon
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MOXON
               



            . I am a lapidary
. On the 3d of January, I sent the articles stated in the indictment, to Mr. Chambers's carman, to be sent to my daughter, at Beechhill - She is fourteen years old.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Chambers, Beech-hill. On the 4th of January, I received the box about eleven o'clock in the day time, and put it into the cart, it was directed to Miss Moxon. I was told it was taken, and saw the prisoner with it, about one o'clock. My cart was standing in Donk-street. I went down a place for a load of dung. I came back, and saw the prisoner drop the box.


                  ROBERT 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am a labourer. My window faces Donk-street


. As soon as the cart stopped, I saw the prisoner climb up the wheel and take the box out. I am sure it was the prisoner. I pursued him, but lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. I am sure it was the prisoner, I have often seen him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of January, I was going down the street, and heard the cry of stop thief! I saw a man like the prisoner coming with the box. I followed him, but lost sight of him. I apprehended him on the 30th.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
