





4. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wild
                        




                     
                   in the King's highway, on the 25th of November
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, a watch, value 2 l. a gold seal, value 1 l. and a gold key, value 6 d. his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WILD
               



            . On the 25th of November I was going up Golden-lane


 on my way home, between eleven and twelve at night, three men came out of a street leading into Golden-lane, they took my watch; the prisoner was one of the men.
Q. Do you know which of the men did it - A. No, they were so close; I only felt something go, I cannot say who took it; I clapped my hand to my fob, and found it was gone. I had my wife with me, I said to my wife, my watch is gone.
Q. Did they say any thing before they took it from you - A. No, and the moment I said I had lost my watch one of them threw it at me, I do not know which of them it was.
Q. There were no struggle between you and the person that took it - A. No. They took it, and I immediately said I had lost it. The watchman was close at hand, he came up, I saw the prisoner, he was quite close to me, I gave him in charge.
Q. Did you hear the watch fall - A. Yes, it fell near the place where the prisoner stood; I picked it up it appeared to me to fall from the prisoner, I could not be certain.
Q. He did not stop you and ask you for your watch - A. No, it was all done in an instant. This is the watch that was taken out of my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  CROOME
               



            . I am a watchman. I was but a short distance from the prosecutor, I heard him say he had lost his watch, I heard something fall, and directly I went up he gave the prisoner in charge; I took him to the watchhouse. I saw the gentleman pick up the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I had nothing to do with him or the watch; I came out of the public-house and was going home to my lodgings.
GUILTY, aged 31, 


               of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
