





193. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JACOBS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of January
, a watch, value 3l. and a 5l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dickson
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM DICKSON. I am master of a ship
. My watch was taken from me by fraud, upon the 2nd of this month. I was going up Tower-hill, close by the Trinity House, and there was a person in the habit of a sailor, in company with another man, who was a Jew; it was between eleven and twelve, on Tower-hill that I met the prisoner, there was another person with him, like a Jew. The prisoner was dressed in a blue jacket, and canvass trowsers,and was dressed like a sailor. The sailor appeared as if he was selling a watch to the Jew; he tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me if I wanted to buy a good watch; I told him I had a very good one, and by no means wanted his. I told him I had no money to purchase his watch. He told me he was forced to sell her for want of money, and he said, sooner than he would let the b-y Jew have the watch, he would let me have a bargain of it. I told him I wanted no bargain of him, nor did I wish to have any thing to do with the watch; but I told him if he was in want of money to stop a little;accordingly I went away, and did my own business. When I came back, I found the sailor in the same place; the Jew said, if I would buy the watch, he would give me ten or eleven guineas for it; that was while I was away. When I came back the prisoner still wanted to sell me the watch. Then we went into a public-house. I told him I had no means of buying it, nor was I a judge. He told me he was forced to sell her, as he had no money, and she cost him fourteen guineas; he said he bought her in Liverpool, or some other sea port. I told him I would not buy the watch; but if he was so much in want of money, I should give him my watch, and a little money for his watch; I gave him five pounds and my watch, and he was to return it in three days after, and I was to have his watch the while. I parted with the money merely to help him, as he made believe to be distressed. When I went out of the public-house, the Jew asked me if I had bought the watch; I told him no; but I had relieved the sailor. I never saw the man afterwards until the day after, nor did I ever see my watch again, or money.
Cross-examined by Mr. Adolphus. I told the prisoner to come to Mr. Lacey's, at the end of three days, and he was committed and put into prison before the three days had expired; so that he could not return at the end of three days. I went to Mr. Morris, in the Minories, and he told me it was a comple take in.


                  ISAAC 
                  LE
               



             PLASTRIERE. I am a watch-maker. I look at the watch given by the prisoner to the prosecutor; it is a very common watch; it is capped with a mock jewel, and may be worth thirty-eight or forty shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  DICKSON SMITH
               



            . At a quarter before two, last Tuesday week, I saw a crowd at the foot of the watchhouse, and I saw a sailor had hold of the prisoner, who was charged with robbing him of his watch, in Oxford-street. I found these two watches on him.


                  Isaac 
                  Le Plastriere
               



            . These watches are of the same manufacture, and of the same value.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor at all in my life; it is quite a mistake.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
