





702. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HATHERALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of April
, a counterpane, a shirt, a sheet, two table cloths, a silk shawl, a gown, a jacket, a waistcoat, and several other articles of wearing apparel, together with a quantity of lamb, and a quantity of butter and cheese, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Ireton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  IRETON
               



            . I am the wife of Samuel Ireton. He rents a house in the parish of St. Pancras


. It is our dwelling house, nobody resides in it but ourselves. The prisoner was servant
 to us, we received her out of the Reffuge for unfortunate females, where she had been ever since she had return from transportation. She went away without our knowing it. We went out on Saturday evening the 15th about seven o'clock, and on our return, at a quarter after twelve, the house was stripped, and she was gone; and we heard the child crying up stairs. We missed a counterpane, one shirt, one sheet, two table-cloths, one silk shawl, one child's jacket, one neckcloth, one black frock, a child's pincloth, a coat, a quantity of cheese and butter, and a quantity of lamb, for which I paid twelve shillings and sixpence. I am sure all these things were in the house, for the prisoner had been washing the principal part of them on the Saturday, and called me down to see what a good colour she had made them of. I have never seen any of the articles since.


                  GEORGE 
                  TANNER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and conveyed her to the Poultry Compter. I searched her there. I told her that it would be better for her to confess. I was searching her, when she said, I know what you are searching for.
Q. Was that after you told her it would be better for her to confess - A. It was.
COURT. Then you must not tell us any thing of what she said after that.
Q. To Mrs. Ireton. Could the prisoner have carried off all these things at once - A. No; she could not.
(The humble petition of Elizabeth Hetherell.)
Sheweth that your prisoner, was tried at this place last April three years. She was found guilty, and was sentenced to be transported to New South Wales. She was proceeding on her voyage thither, when She was taken by the French, and your petitioner and the rest of the convicts, were landed on the Island of St. Antonio. We were taken up by another British vessel, and were brought to Portsmouth. In consequence of my good behaviour on that voyage homeward, the captain and his lady, were interested in my behalf, and got me my free pardon. When I returned to London, I went to the Reffuge, and there I remained until I got the situation, in the family of the prosecutrix. The prosecutrix is a great drunkard herself, and used to make me drink gin, and other spirits. Her husband is a very sober man, and used to tell me not to encourage her in that practice. On the day stated in the indictment, I was intoxicated with the liquor which my mistress had given me, and I went out, leaving the door open. When I came to myself, I was afraid the house would have been robbed, and therefore I did not return. In consideration of my good character and behaviour, which induced the captain and his lady, to procure me a free pardon. I hope the honourable judge and the jury, will be induced to pity the case of an unfortunate culprit, for which your prisoner will for ever be in duty bound to pray.
GUILTY aged 26.




               Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
