





149. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                     LAWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of December
, a pair of breeches, value 10 s. a shirt, value 6 s. two neck handkerchiefs, value 4 s. a waistcoat, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel
                           Coles
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 30 s. a waistcoat, value 5 s. and fifteen shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                           Lee
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Daniel
                        Coles
                     



.


                  DANIEL
                  COLES
               



            . I live at 51, Baldwin's-gardens, in the parish of St. Andrews


. The prisoner was a lodger
 in my house; he slept in the two pair of stairs back room, my apprentice slept with him.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner getting up on Wednesday, the 14th of December - A. Yes; he got up and went into his room; he slept that night inthe two pair front room with a lodger of mine; he got up at eight o'clock, and went into his own bed, and slept there all day; he got up at four o'clock in the afternoon, and went out of the room. I did not miss any things until ten o'clock in the evening, when I went to bed myself, a waistcoat, a shirt, and two handkerchiefs; the breeches I missed the next day; I did not search particular for any thing that night; I knew they were gone; about ten o'clock I went to sleep in the bed where Lawson had been. The next day when I got up, I searched, and found the things gone. I sent the apprentice lad to see if any thing of his were gone also he missed his coat, waistcoat, and fifteen shillings in money, that was the lad's property. My coat, waistcoat, shirt, and two handkerchiefs were gone from me; upon missing the things I went in search of the prisoner; I was all day seeking for him, I could not find him until late at night, I found him at Barnet; he had my shirt and handkerchief with him; that is all he had. He had my shirt and handkerchief on; I only found a shirt and a handkerchief, they were worth eight shillings; I did not expect the prisoner to leave my lodgings, he owed me about three weeks rent.
Q. When had you last seen this shirt, handkerchiefs, coat, and waistcoat - A. In the morning when I last got up.


                  JAMES
                  LEE
               



            . I am an apprentice to the last witness. The prisoner used to sleep in the same bed with me.
Q. Do you remember his sleeping in the front room on the morning of the 14th - A. I remember he came into the house about one o'clock in the morning; he went into the front room; I was in bed.
Q. Why did not he come to his own bed - A. On account of mistress being ill, master slept along with me; then after master got up he came into his own bed, about eight o'clock; I was up, I was on the stairs when he went into the room; I went into the room about ten minutes after he went in, he was in bed then, I did not stay long in the room. I left him there; I saw him again about three o'clock in the afternoon, he was laying on the bed still, I left him there; I did not see him any more until I saw him at Hatton Garden office. He must have left us about four o'clock; I went up into the room, and saw he was gone. The things were all there about three o'clock when I went up, a shirt, waistcoat, and handkerchief; I saw them about three o'clock in the afternoon of masters, they were laying on the drawers in the room; when I went up about four o'clock the prisoner was gone.
Q. Did you observe whether your master's things were gone - A. No, I took no notice. A coat, waistcoat of mine, and fifteen shillings in money I found were gone the next day; my coat was worth thirty shillings, the waistcoat five shillings, and fifteen shillings in money.
Q. Did you ever find your property again - A. No.
Q. to Prosecutor. What was the value of your waistcoat - A. Fifteen shillings.


                  EDWARD
                  COLES
               



            . I am cousin to the prosecutor. I went with the prosecutor to Barnet, we found the prisoner there; the shirt and handkerchief were found in my presence, nothing else. The prisoner said he had not taken the things at first; I brought the shirt and handkerchief with me to town; that is all that I know. I gave the shirt and handkerchief to the constable.


                  GEORGE
                  TINDALL
               



            . I was constable of the night. Coles brought the shirt and handkerchiefs to me; I produce them. The prisoner said he took the shirt and handkerchiefs to get them washed.
Prosecutor. That is my shirt and handkerchief; I did not find the waistcoat; they were all laying on the top of the drawers together.
Prisoner's Defence. I started from the prosecutor's house at nine o'clock in the morning, to go to work for Mr. Collet at Barnet; Mr. Coles came to Barnet just about eight o'clock, as I had left work; he said he missed his things; I told him I knew nothing about it, I shewed him every thing I had; I said if I have got any thing of yours you shall have it; the shirt and handkerchiefs I had, I put them on on my going out in the morning; I told him I had the shirt and handkerchief.
Prosecutor. He said the shirt and handkerchiefs were not mine; he bought them in Monmouth-street.
GUILTY, aged 37.




               Of stealing to the value of 8 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                  Wood
               



            .
