





527. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               at the General session holden for the county of Surry, on the 24th of March, 
                     
                        John 
                        Purvis
                     



                   was tried and convicted of feloniously stealing three asses, value 6 l. the property of the right-honourable 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Lord
 
                           Ellenborough
                        




                     
                  ; that Robert Hill, on the 11th of March
, feloniously did receive and have the said asses, he knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am one of the constables of the county of Surry. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  John 
                  Purvis
               



            . I had it at the office of the clerk of the county of Surry.
(The copy of the record of the conviction read.)
Snow. I went on the 19th of April with a person of the name of Oades, to Hill's house, in Union-court, Chick-lane. I took Hill in custody. I asked him whether he had bought any asses; he said, no, he had not. I told him they were two young asses, and an old crop mare ass; he said he did not recollect buying any. I then asked him where he lived; he said, in Union-court, Chick-lane; he would go shew me. In going along, I asked him whether he had not got some asses at home; he said he had got one young one. I asked him how he came by that; he said he bought it of a young man; he should know him again. We then went to his house, and saw this ass which has since been sworn to be the property of Lord Ellenborough. In the room I found one young ass, locked up in the room, as if it was a stable for asses. That ass has been since claimed as Lord Ellenborough's property. Thornton was with me. Thornton is Lord Ellenborough's servant. When the young ass was claimed, the prisoner Hill then changed his story, and said he had bought of 
               
                  Ben 
                  Harl
               



            , that lived next door to him. He said he bought that and another young ass of 
               
                  Ben 
                  Harl
               



            . He denied buying the old ass, or ever seeing it. I took him in custody, and took him to Union-hall. Since that, I have been looking after 
               
                  Ben 
                  Harl
               



            , who has absconded. I have never found him.
Mr. Alley. This man told you where he lived - A. Yes. Oades was at a little distance when I first laid hold of him; he said, that is the man that we sold the asses to. I kept Oades out of sight.


                  JAMES 
                  THORNTON
               



            . I am gardener to the right-honourable 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lord Ellenborough
               



            . I was present at the time that Purvis was convicted, and I went with the last witness to the prisoner Hill's house; I found the young ass. We asked him if he had not bought any young asses; he said, no. When I got to his house, I said, this is his lordship's ass; he said he bought it; Harl bought the other. That is what he told me. This ass was in the room that was converted into a stable. It was Lord Ellenborough's ass; I knew it by its countenance as soon as I went into the room. We have never found the other asses.
Mr. Alley. Was Oades with you - A. Yes; he pointed out Hill to us.


                  CHARLES 
                  OADES
               



            . I am a brick-maker; I live at Egham, in Surry. On the 10th of March, Purvis and I went to Rochampton; we went to Lord Ellenborough's ground; we took three asses out of the yard; two young stone asses, and an old crop mare ass. We drove them up to Smithfield. It was on the 10th of March that we took them; I do not recollect the day of the week.
Mr. Knapp. It is Thursday, and Friday is Smithfield market, is it not - A. Yes. We took them at twelve o'clock at night on Thursday, and drove them up to Smithfield. At Smithfield, Purvis went away from me; he said he would come back to me. I then was left in possession of the asses. He returned in about a quarter of an hour. We drove the asses down to Union-court, Chick-lane. We went to Hill's house.
Q. Is the prisoner the man - A. Yes.
COURT. He did not come to market to buy them - A. No. When we got to the door a man of the name of Harl bought one young stone ass; the crop mare, they gave five shillings for that. One young ass we drove into Hill's stable; the other two we drove to a gin shop, where the landlord wrote out a bit of paper for the purchase of the asses, two pound five shillings. Harl paid the money before the landlord.
Q. What is the landlord's name - A. I do not know. The money was paid by Harl to Purvis. Hill was by at the time. We had some gin together. When we came out of the door, Purvis paid it all back except twenty-five shillings at that time. Hill and Harl were in conversation together; I could not hear what they said.
Q. What became of the young ass and the cropped mare - A. They drove them away. I parted with them at the door.
Q. What was your share of the booty - A. Afterthe gin was paid for there was only one pound two shillings. I got seven shillings for my share.
Q. Did you go afterwards to Hill's house with Thornton and Snow - A. I did not go to the house. I saw Hill in Cow-cross; I said, here is the person that this bargain took place between Purvis and Harl.
Mr. Alley. You seem a nice clever, careless, fellow; have you been tried yourself - A. No.
Q. I think you ought to be. Do not you come here to give evidence, and not to be tried - A. I came here to give evidence.
Q. How soon after you stole the asses did you tell Lord Ellenborough's servant - A. I was taken in custody, and then I told the truth.
Q. You broke out of prison, did not you - A. I walked out of the watchhouse. I was taken a second time.
Q. Take that paper in your hand, and look at that - A. I cannot exactly swear that this is the paper.
Q. Do not you know that forty-five shillings was paid for the asses, and did not you tell the poor man at the bar that you came by them honestly - A. No. Forty-five shillings was given down before the landlord; and when we came out of the public-house Purvis gave the money back, except one pound five shillings. That was done to make it look more like the value.
Prisoner's Defence. On Friday the 11th of March, a person calling himself 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , came to me with two asses; he said he lived at Croydon. I told him I would not purchase them of a stranger, except he gave me a receipt. I took him into Mr. Tarrent's; I paid him forty-five shillings for them. If I had known they had been stolen I should not have kept them in my premises. I never received any of the money back.


                  GEORGE 
                  TARRENT
               



            . I keep the King's Arms public-house, St. John-street. I have seen the prisoner before; he is a costermonger. I wrote this memorandum.
"March 8, 1814, 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



             this day has sold two asses for two pound five shillings to Robert Hill." I had not the least reason to suppose there was anything wrong in the transaction.
Mr. Knapp. Did you see the asses - A. No. I did as the seller desired me. He was a man in a smock frock; he appeared to me like a gipsey. I knew Hill and Harl by sight, not by name.
COURT. Could you believe that this was written for any other purpose, namely, than that 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



             had sold to Robert Hill two asses - A.If I have erred, it is the last time. I believe they had half a pint of gin at my house; that came to nine pence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
