





561. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of June
, two towels, value 1 s. six chains, value 6 d. a quarter of a yard of muslin, value 1 d. two handkerchiefs, value 5 s. an apron, value 6 l. a brush, value 1 d. a memorandum book and case, value 6 d. and a bonnet, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  PHOEBE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . Q. Are you the wife of John Robinson, who keeps the Angel inn, St. Martin's-le-grand




 - A Yes. I lost things every day belonging to the country gentlemen; I denied my servants going out without asking my leave, that I might ascertain the thief. On the 20th of June I saw the prisoner in Newgate-street; I followed her home and questioned her where she had been; she said she had been for thread; I asked her where the thread was; she had none; she then said she had been to Mrs. Faulkener's. My daughter and the constable went to Mrs. Faulkener's; the prisoner said, I will go up first; my daughter said, no; the prisoner ran away; my daughter returned with some of things.
Q. Did the prisoner return to your house - A. No; the constable took her. This bonnet was left in my house in the waiter's care, till the person called for it, I saw it in my house; there is two silk handkerchiefs of mine; this silk handkerchiefs I swear to, it is my own, it is worth five shillings.
- CRESWELL. I found this new silk handkerchief and another under the prisoner's arm when I took her in the street.
Prisoner's Defence. I found that handkerchief in a room next line coach-office. I know they found the two towels upon me, I put them in my pocket, I meaned to return them; the bonnet is not my mistress's, nor anybody in the house. I do not know that I wronged my mistress of two pence. The handkerchiefs were wrapped up in a bit of paper, and finding it in a public place I thought I had a right to it as well as any other person.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
