





54. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, three yards of shag, value 24 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Winder
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WINDER
               



            . I keep a shop
 in May's buildings, St. Martin's Lane


.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHEDEL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Winder. On the 9th of November I was sitting in the parlour at the back of the shop, about one o'clock at noon my mistress told me to run, there was a man going out of the shop.
Q. Is your mistress here. - A. No.
Q. Did you see any body running out of the shop. - A. No. I ran out of the shop, I saw the prisoner running along the court with something under his coat,I could see a projection from his coat towards his arm; I followed him through another court.
Q. Was he constantly in your sight. - A. Yes, when he came to the corner I lost sight of him. On looking round I perceived him in a passage of a public-house.
Q. Are you sure it was the same man. - A. I am certain it was. I went to him and laid hold of his coat and told him that he had some of our goods, he said that he had no such a thing, he opened his coat for me to search him, I felt about his person, I could find nothing, but on looking round I perceived the shag lying behind the outer door in the inside of the passage, there are two doors, one which is kept back, and one which opens into the tap-room, the shag laid behind the outward door, it laid between the door and the wall, a young man coming out of the tap-room, in my presence, took it up. The landlord of the house came and laid hold of the prisoner, and the young man gave me the shag. I left the shag with the landlord.
- WADE. I am a clock and watch maker. About three minutes before one o'clock I was in the Black Prince, Chandois Street, in the tap-room. I stood at the front of the window looking into the street, I saw the prisoner run by the window about a yard before I saw the young man, as fast as he could run, he turned himself round, catched hold of the door, and threw himself into the passage of the house where I was. There is a front door, which is generally kept hook'd back, and about two yards there is another door that pulls to and opens with a pulley; and before the prisoner could open the door with the pulley the young man had hold of him and told him he had his master's property, I was about half a yard off, I stooped down and picked it up with my right hand, I asked the young man if that was his stuff, he said yes, it was, the young man took it out of my hand, I directly catched hold of the prisoner by the collar and staid with him twenty minutes in the tap-room, and then he was delivered to the officer.
Q. Do you know who the young man gave the bundle to. - A. To Mr. Sowden, the landlord, he is not here.
- NETTLETON. I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner, the landlady gave me this property out of the bar.
Shedel. I saw it picked up.
Q. And you told me before that it was given into the hands of the landlord, how came it into the hands of the landlady. - A. Because she was in the bar. I am sure it is the same bundle that Wade picked up, I looked at it directly, it had my writing on the ticket, and it is my master's property, I had seen it in the shop about a quarter of an hour before I ran after the prisoner, it was placed in the window as I had put it in the morning.
Q. Did you look at the window as you came along the shop. - A. I did, and there was a vacancy to hold that parcel.
Prosecutor. I know the number and the private mark on that shag, it is part of the goods of my shop, there is three yards of it, it is of the value of twenty-four shillings.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
