





396. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOPCROFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Shearsmith
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the forenoon of the 28th of February
, no person being therein, and stealing therin, a gown, value 5s. a shawl, value 1s. 6d. and a shirt, value 3s. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHEARSMITH
               



            . I live at 11, Quaker-street, Spitalfields


, in a house which is let out in tene the landlord does not reside in the house. I lost this property on the 28th of February, about half past ten o'clock in the morning; I was asleep, and was awakened by some persons in the room opening the drawers; I put my head up, and made use of these words, d-n your eyes, what do you want there; and the prisoner bid me ask his backside; I and the other man went out of the room directly.
MARY SHEARSMITH. When I went out in the morning, I left my son in bed, and locked the door. When I returned, I found these things missing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIBBY
               



            . As I was going along Quaker-street, a little after ten in the morning, I saw the prisoner and another man going along, and the other man had a bundle; I went with the prosecutor and secured the men at I ambcth-street office. I am sure the prisoner was one, for I had seen him for some months before.


                  SARAH 
                  RICKABY
               



            . I saw the prisoner and another man come out of the house in which Mr. Shearsmith lives.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNF
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street office, and apprehended the prisoner.
THE COURT. In charging the Jury, told them that this indictment stated that there was nobody in the dwelling-house, whereas it appeared that the prosecutor himself was in bed, and therefore the capital part of the charge must fall to the ground.
GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
