






60. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CRANSTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CLARE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dadd
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine, on the night of the 4th of November
, and stealing therein two blankets, value 6 s. two tablecloths, value 4 s. two pillow cases, value 2 s. and a shirt, value 2 s. his property
            .


                  ANN 
                  DADD
               



            . I live on Howard's-green, in the parish of St. Luke's


. On the 4th of November, about a quarter before five in the afternoon, I went out of my house, I fastened my window by a gimblet and double locked my door, there was a pane of glass broken in the window.
Q. You say there was a pane of glass broken, do you think a person putting their hand in might pull out that gimblet - A. Yes, I think I could have done it very well myself. As I was going out of the house I saw Mr. Green, a neighbour, he was talking to the prisoner, Cranston; I smiled and told Mr. Green I was going to take a pleasant walk, the afternoon being fine, meaning the contrary; I told him I was going to Bayswater, he said not back to night, I said yes, I had done it frequently after this time, I then walked on to Bayswater, I met my husband there about half past six o'clock, we both returned home about a quarter before ten.
Q. What is your husband - A. A shoe-maker.
Q. You did not know Cranston before, did you - A. Yes, he lives very near to us. When we came to the top of the Green there is the City Arms where we have our beer, I gave my husband the key, he went home and I followed with my son and the pot of porter in my hand; when I came to my own door my husband met me and said, we are robbed; I went in and found the kitchen window open, that window I had fastened with the gimblet; I missed three candlesticks off the mantle-shelf, a shirt from the chair back; we then went up stairs I missed a bolster, two pillows with their cases, a pair of sheets, a gown, a one pound Bank note, fifteen shillings in silver, and two table-cloths.
Q. When did you see these things again - A. I have seen some of the things again but I cannot say whether they are my own.
Q. Let me caution you, you must speak the truth - A. On the second week there were some things brought up to the office.


                  THOMAS 
                  DADD
               



            . Q. We are told you are a shoemaker
 - A. Yes.
Q. You were coming home from Bayswater - A. Yes, a quarter before ten; I was the first person that came home, I was the proper person to be the prosecutor, not my wife. I unlocked my door, I saw the window open,there had been a pane broken out some time, I thought my wife very careful to fasten all the doors and leave the window open, I gave her a good lecture when she came home, I went to get a candlestick to light a candle, I missed the candlestick. About six weeks ago I saw a person look over my pales in my yard at one o'clock in the morning, I really believe it was Cranston, I spoke to him, I said, what are you looking after here, my friend? he said, he was taking a view of the rooms to see whether they were bigger than the rooms in his house; I asked him who he was, he said, a neighbour over the way, the hair-dresser. Cranston used to shave me.
Q. Now after this conversation with him, that he was your neighbour, the hair-dresser, had you any doubt about his being your neighbour - A. No, not the least doubt in the world.
Q. Did you direct Cranston to be taken up - A. My wife applied at the office.
Q. Did you see your things brought before the magistrate - A. Yes; they were not a bit like mine; I could not speak to any of them.


                  HENRY 
                  BLY
               



            . I am a hair-dresser, 22, Brick-lane, Old-street. On Sunday evening the 4th of November, about six o'clock, the prisoner Cranston came to my house with a bundle under his arm and went up stairs to his brother-in-law, the prisoner Clare, Cranston stopped a few minutes, they both came down together and went out, they stopped about half an hour out and came back again and brought in a luggage; they appeared to me to be assisting one another with the luggage; they stopped that evening till ten up stairs, Cranston did and some other company; Clare went away the next day.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer; I apprehended Cranston on the 5th of November, the sister of Cranston applied to Mrs. Dadd, the sister and Mrs. Dadd came to my house together and offered five pound, a gentleman of the name of Holder offered ten pound to Mrs. Dadd, they asked me what I could do in it, I told them I could not do any thing untill I apprehended the other prisoners. There is another besides these, I apprehended Clare on the 21st of November, it was through a letter being sent to our magistrate; I went on board the Dorset East Indiaman laying off Gravesend; before I apprehended Clare Cranson offered to me if I would admit him to be an evidence he would tell where the property was.
Q. When had you this conversation with Cranston - A. On the 29th he told me proviso I would admit him to be an evidence he would tell me where the things were; he had pledged the things on the 5th at Mr. Crouch's, Paul-street, Finsbury-square, they were all pledged in his own name and they had burned the duplicates; I went to the pawnbrokers and found it to be true. Clare said to me, coming up from Gravesend, he wished he had never seen the family, it was well known Cranston was a thief and had been sent away before for stealing spoons; he was innocent of the charge. Cranston told me he was the first person that entered the house, Clare followed him, and Clare's brother, a butcher, stood outside; he has been out of the way ever since.
MR. GREEN. I was standing near to Mrs. Dadd's door, Mrs. Dadd came out and told me that she was going to Bayswater; Cranston was standing near me, he asked me how far it was to Bayswater, I said about five or six miles, he said it must be late before they get home I said it must be nine or ten o'clock before they came home if they made haste.


                  CHARLES 
                  STREET
               



            . On the 4th of November, about half past seven, or between that and eight, I went out to see if the beer was coming. As I went up to Elbow Place near the prosecutor's house, it joins Howard's Green, I saw a man stand in Elbow Place in a blue jacket. I turned my head to look at him in the face; he then turned his head round to hide his face. As I was returning on Howard's Green, I saw the prisoner Cranston coming along with a large bag. I have been to his shop to be shaved, they make bags. I am confident it was the prisoner Cranston, and the man that I saw in Elbow Place was not Clare, it was a stouter man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VIPOND
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crouch, pawnbroker. I received part of that property from the prisoner Cranston; two pillows pledged on the 5th of November; two blankets, and a table-cloth I received from Cranston's wife.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at these things, and see if you know them. - A. I have neither private marks nor public marks. I lost two blankets, they are nearly like them.
Cranston's Defence. On Sunday evening, after I left Mr. Green, I went to my brother-in-law to tea. I asked if my wife was there, they said no. I went home and bought ten bags, and then I went and fetched my wife: at ten o'clock I went home.
Clare's Defence. Cranston came to me on the Sunday evening, he bought the bags and left them in the passage all night, and took them away in the morning.
CRANSTON GUILTY, aged 22,




               Of Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARE, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham,
