





58. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FORSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, two gold seals value 1l. the property of a person unknown, from his person
            ,


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRET
               



            . I am a city constable. On Lord Mayor's day last, I was on duty the corner of King-Street, Cheapside


, in company with Johnson. The procession was then coming from Guild-Hall. I saw the prisoner at the bar with a jew. I watched their motions; I saw them attempting several pockets, and at last they came to a gentleman who had seals. The jew was in front of the gentleman, pressing with his herd and his hands against his breast, and the prisoner was behind the gentleman, with his arms round his waist, and I saw the jew with a hold of the gentleman's seals, with an intent as I supposed, to draw the watch and give it to the prisoner, whose hand was round the gentleman's waist; but they could not succeed, and the jew exclaimed, "dawn the people, how they push." They then left the gentleman about ten yards, and I saw the jew pull a knife from his pocket. They then proceeded to the gentleman again. The jew got in front, and the prisoner behind, as before. I saw the jew's hand in motion, and guesed he was cutting the seals. The jew and the prisoner then quit the gentleman, and the jew gave the prisoner the seals, at about five or six yards from the gentleman. I saw him looking at them; and he put them into his jacket pocket. The prisoner then crossed Cheapside, and I lost sight of the gentleman. We then apprehended them, and the jew rescued himself in Fleet-street, leaving part of his coat in my hand. We then took the prisoner into a wholesale linen draper's shop, and on searching him, we found the seals in the lining of his jacket, behind. On unbuttoning his small clothes, we found this silk handkerchief. (Producing it.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner with the jew, and my attention was called to another man who will be brought up next.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am a constable, and was stationed at the corner of Queen-Street. Barret called my assistance; but not being able to run so fast as he could; he got hold of the prisoner before I came up. Barret asked him where the seals were, and he said he had none. Then he was searched, and the seals were taken from his jacket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16,




               Transported for life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
