






42. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CARR
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, two sets of bed-furniture, value 3l. 10s.; two quilts, value 2l. 5s.; seven blankets, value 2l. 3s.; one pair of sheets, value 10s.; three pillows, value 9s.; four pillowcases, value 4s.; two towels, value 1s.; seventy-six yards of linen cloth, value 5l. 10s.; four table-cloths, value 15s.; one table-cover, value 3s.; six shirts, value 1l. 10s.; ten yards of cotton, value 14s.; two waistcoats, value 8s.; one pair of breeches, value 8s.; one kettle, value 8s.; and one pair of candlesticks, value 7s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Westgate
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN WESTGATE. I live at Hoxton


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me for about three months. She left me on the morning of the 10th of October. I did not know that she was going. I found some duplicates in the kitchen drawer. I found I had lost several things. From the dates of the duplicates I suppose they have been pledged at different times. I found fifty-eight duplicates. I have examined the property at the pawn-brokers, and they are mine. The cloth is in different remnants. There is no one article which is worth 40s. by itself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was in my custody; she told me that she had left the duplicates in the drawer. I made her no promises.


                  JAMES 
                  MARLOW
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cotton, who lives in Shoreditch. The prisoner had pledged articles at our shop, five times in the whole. I gave her duplicates.
GEORGE VINCENT. I live with Mr. Le Blane, pawnbroker, Shoreditch. The prisoner came to our shop six times in the months of August and September. I produce the articles which she pledged with me. I am sure she is the person.
MR. WESTGATE re-examined. Among the fifty-eight duplicates there were five relating to the goods pledged with Martin, and the six pledged with Viucent.
(Produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 35.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
