






225. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, three sheets value 40s.; and one table-cloth, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Smith
                     



                  ; one piece of velvet, value 6s.; four pair of gloves, value 10s.; one towel, value 1s.; two chairs, value 10s.; three saucepans, value 6s.; two tin covers, value 2s.; one candlestick, value 2s., and one bag, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carter
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, against the said 
               
                  Susan 
                  Turner
               



            , for stealing the said goods in the said dwelling-house.
THIRD COUNT, against the said 
               
                  James 
                  Davis
               



            , for feloniously receiving the said goods, he well knowing them to have been stolen.
JOHN CARTER, ESQ. I live in Duke-street, Westminster


. In August last I left town, leaving the prisoner, Turner, who was my cook
, in care of my house. I returned about the middle of October, in consequence of what I heard, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, and others of considerable value.


                  JAMES 
                  APPLEBY
               



            . I am a cheesemenger, and live in Broadway, Westminster. On the 16th of October, I met the prisoner, Turner, about a quarter after eight o'clock in the morning, by St. Clement's church, going towards Temple-bar, with a large bundle on her arm, with a towel over it. I said, "Cook, are you lost?" she said she was in a hurry, and passed me. The bundle appeared to contain linen; the towel did not quite cover it. I watched her till a waggon interrupted my view - I then went home. In about an hour and a half she came to my shop with a large bundle of greens, twice as large as the one she had before. I said, "Cook, are you returned?" she said, "I am. I said, "How you are splashed! where have you been?" she said, "to the King's Bench. I said that was not the road - She said, "No, to the King's Bench Chambers, which are her master's. She said, "The house has been robbed, and I have been to tell Mr. Pullen, the clerk, and he is coming down." I asked her where she was during the robbery? she said she slept at the top of the house. I asked her how she discovered it? she said, when she came down in the morning, she found a candle and a tobacco-pipe on the hall table. I asked her what they had taken? she said they had broken her master's drawers open, and had taken out the jewels and trinkets-that it was the painter's fault, as he desired her to leave the drawing-room windows open. She went away, saying she was going to the painter's. About eight o'clock in the evening, I went to Mr. Carter's house with Mr. Smith - She was then in the kitchen. I said, "Cook, do you deny having seen me this morning?" - I had been told she did. She said, "I do not deny meeting you, I deny having a bundle." I said, "You had a large bundle, and (pointing to the greens which laid there), tied up in the same towel." She said, "Yes, I had those greens." I said she had them when she came to my shop, but I could swear that when I met her at St. Clement's she had not those greens. She said I might swear any thing, and she would swing for it. I went away.
GEORGE PULLEN. I am clerk to Mr. Carter. About half-past nine o'clock in the morning of the 6th of October the prisoner came to me at the Chambers, and said the house had been robbed - I said I would come down immediately - She had no bundle.



                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of October, about one o'clock, I examined the house, there were no marks of violence whatever. I learned that Turner was acquainted with Davis - I went to him, and found him at Hungerford-market, and asked him where he slept last night? he said at his lodgings in Hungerford-market. I told him that something unpleasant had happened at Mr. Carter's - He said he had heard of it, and was sorry for it. I asked him how he heard of it? he said he had seen the cook that morning, and she told him. I asked him if he had any objection to my searching his lodgings? he said, none whatever, and told me where they were. He said he wished he had slept at Mr. Carter's that night, as he had slept there so long - He thought if he had been there the robbery would not have happened. I went to his lodgings, leaving him with Bly; they were in Hungerford-market. In a cupboard on the stair-case I found some saucepans, a candlestick, and a shovel, in a bag - I also found three chairs there. I asked him how he got them? he said he bought the kitchen things at a sale at Deptford, and the chairs at different brokers, one at a time, as he was going to be married to Turner in May. I found he had not slept at his lodgings that night. I found a bag at Mr. Carter's, corresponding with that in which the things were. Between his second and third examination, I was in conversation with him - He said the cook gave him the things towards going to housekeeping, that he wished he knew where the rest of the things were, and he would tell. I went with Bly to Mrs. Baxter's, in Shire-lane, and found a bundle of linen under the bed.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. When you went for him you met Parry, told him you wanted the prisoner, and he fetched him - A. I did. He told me where the things were, and said he bought the things because he did not want to have the cook brought into trouble.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I was with Gillmore. He has spoken correctly.
MARY BAXTER. I live in Shire-lane. The bundle was left there when I was out, thirteen weeks ago last Thursday. I came home at nine o'clock in the morning, and found it there. I know the prisoner, Turner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JAMES COX. I lodged with Davis in Hugerford-market - He slept in the same bed with me. He left off sleeping with me, but did not give up the room - He did not sleep at home the night before the search was made - He told me that he slept in Duke-street, and kept company with Turner. He brought the chairs to the room about a fortnight before he was taken.
JAMES GILLMORE re-examined. The drawing-room paint was hardly dry. If any person had come in at the window there must have been marks-there were none.


                  JAMES 
                  APPLEBY
               



             re-examined. When I lost sight of the prisoner she was on the same side of the way as Shire-lane, within three doors of Ship-yard.
JAMES COX re-examined. About three weeks before Davis was taken, he brought the bag home at eight o'clock in the morning - He said it was some things which Turner had given him, and her mistress had given them to her.
TURNER'S Defence. We are innocent. When I came down I found the house robbed.
DAVIS'S Defence. I know nothing of the robbery. I slept in the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARRY
               



            . Gillmore told me he wanted Davis - I told him two officers wanted him; he said he would go, as he had done nothing amiss. I offered to row him away, as I thought they wanted him about a bastard child. He went to them.
TURNER - GUILTY. Aged 29.
DAVIS - GUILTY. Aged 35.
On the Second Count,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
