





1093. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RIPPENS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, being in the employ of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rider
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Cherry
                        



                     
                  , and being employed and entrusted by them to receive money, notes, bills, and other securities, on their account, by virtue of such employment, did on the 27th of May, receive a bankers draft, value 10 l. 10 s. and that he afterwards feloniously did secrete, embezzle, and steal the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am a livery stable keeper

; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cherry
               



             is my partner. The prisoner at the bar was in our employ, at the time of the last Epsom races


; he was a confidential servant
, and part of his employment was to receive money. A carriage and four was hired to go down to the races, by a Mr. De Fontaine; the price was ten guineas. After the races, I made up the bill, and told the prisoner to go to Mr. De Fontaine; the bill was my hand writing. (A receipt produced.) That receipt is the prisoner's hand writing. On his return, he said, he had not received all the money for the bills he had taken out, but he should receive the whole on Monday morning; and then he would account with me. After that, he absconded. On enquiry, I got that receipt from Mr. De Fontaine, who said, he had paid the prisoner. I found by further enquiry, that he had received upwards of one hundred pounds, for which he had given receipts. I never received a halfpenny from him.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHERRY
               



            . Nor did I.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BRANDON
               



            . I am clerk to Rider and Cherry. I applied to Mr. De Fontaine for this bill, and then I learned he had paid it with a check to the prisoner; neither that check nor the amount ever came into my hands upon the account of my employers.
MR. 
               
                  LOUIS 
                  DE
               



             FONTAINE. I paid the prisoner in a check for ten pounds ten shillings, for which he gave me that receipt.
JOSEPH METCALF. I am clerk to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, who are Mr. De Fontaine's bankers. I paid that check, but I don't know to whom. (check read.) Receipt read appearing to be a receipt for the sum of ten pounds ten shillings, given by the prisoner on the account of his employers, to Mr. De Fontaine, and signed by the prisoner for and on such account.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
