






87. 
               
                  
                     JAMES HENRY 
                     FOREMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, seventeen half-crowns, value 2 l. 2 s. 6 d.
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Juggins
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUGGINS
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in James-street, Long Acre


. The prisoner was my servant
. On the 20th of November, at half-past ten o'clock at night, I found he was gone to bed without laying the wood for the fire, which he ought to have done. In consequence of what I was told, I went to his bed; he slept in the shop. He appeared to be asleep. I found half a crown on the bed. I searched his pockets, and found another half-crown and a sixpenny pamphlet, which appeared to be new. I called to him, and asked him how he came by it. He said he bought it. I asked him how he came by the money. He said he found it on Westminster bridge. I gave him 2 s. per week for a quarter of a year. I had not paid him his wages. He told me a few nights before, that he was obliged to leave his hat at Waterloo bridge, as he had no money to pay the toll. He said he knew nothing of the half-crown which was on the bed. I asked him how he got the one in his pocket. He then said he took them both that day. I went up stairs to his trunk, which was open, and found, in his presence, fifteen more half-crowns, wraped in two rags. He begged forgiveness, and said he would never do so again, and that he took them out of the till last week. I had only missed one that night.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DICKONS
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge. He said he took the half-crowns out of the till, and begged for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
