





946. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, two handkerchiefs, value 6 d.; one shirt, value 13 s.; two waistcoats, value 8 s.; two pair of drawers, value 2 s.; two pair of stockings, value 18 d., and one pair of shoes, value 4 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Turner
                     




                  , from his person
            .



                  PHILIP 
                  TURNER
               



            . On the 26th of June, about ten o'clock at night. I was very tired, having been a long journey. Being fatigued, I sat down in one of the alcoves on London-bridge


 and fell asleep - when I awoke I missed my bundle, which contained the articles stated in the indictment. I was perfectly sober, but quite exhausted with fatigue.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 26th of June I was on London-bridge, waiting for my sister, who was coming from Croydon-market. I saw the prosecutor sitting in one of the alcoves fast asleep. I awoke him - he got up, but was so overcome with fatigue he could not stand. Suspecting his bundle would be taken, I sat down by him; the prisoner came by, gave me a nudge, and asked me if I belonged to that man? I said No. I went away a few yards, and found my sister - I told her I should watch a thief who was on the bridge. I had hardly spoken to her, before the prisoner came down with the prosecutor's bundle. My sister called Stop thief! and I ran after him down Billingsgate, caught him behind a watch-box with the bundle, and brought him away. When I got to the end of the street he got away - the watchman knocked him down; he got up and was secured, still having the bundle.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUSTIN
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past ten o'clock I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came to the corner of Philpot-lane with the bundle, I secured him. He said he took it out of a lark.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met two young fellows on the bridge, who gave me the bundle to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
