





484. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of May
, a spencer, value 22 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Silas 
                     Cave
                  




               
            .


                  SILAS 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am a silk mercer
, 19, St. Martin's court, Liecester-square.


                  SILAS 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am shop-boy to Mr. Cave. I was going up Tottenham-court-road


. On the 25th of May the prisoner met me, he asked me if I was not going to 54, Russel-street; I was going home with a spencer; I told him yes; he took hold of the parcel, and gave me a penny, and said it ought to have been there long ago; I went with a parcel to another place, and delivered it; on my returning I went to 54, Russell-street, to hear whether he had left it; they said no, and just as I came out of the street I met the man that took it away from me; I took hold of him and asked him what he had done with the parcel; he halloaed Benjamin as loud as he could halloa, there was nobody answered; Mr. Gunn asked him why he did not give the boy his parcel; first he said he had not got it, he then said boy, come along with him, I will give you the parcel. He was going up by St. Giles's church, Mr. Gunn said, how far are you going to take us; he said a good way, and at Drury-lane he denied having the parcel. I am quite certain he is the man; I never found the parcel. It was between five and six o'clock that I was robbed.
MR. GUNN. On the 25th of May, about five minutes before six in the evening, that boy and the prisoner were standing on the curb; I told the prisoner to give the boy his parcel; he said he had not got it, if he would go with him he would give him his parcel, and on our coming opposite of Drury-lane he denied all knowledge of the parcel, or that he ever had said he would give him the parcel. I took him to the office in Bow-street, he was searched and nothing found on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The boy came running up to me and said, I have lost my bundle. It is impossible for any body to know where that boy was going.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
