





88. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     JOSEPH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th October
, two carriage glasses, value 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lionel 
                     Lukin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Beech
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Howard
                  



               
            .



                  RICHARD 
                  THORNTON
               



            . I am foreman to the prosecutors, who are coachmakers


, and live in Long-acre


. On the 29th of October, about eight o'clock in the morning, I went to the back of the workshop and found the padlocks were taken off the door which led to Castle-street. I looked among the carriages and found the door of one open, and both the glasses gone - the strings were left hanging to the door; they were safe at eight o'clock the night before. Next morning I heard two glasses had been stopped at Covent-garden watch-house. I went there, took the strings with me, and found they matched the part left on the carriage, they were my masters' property. The prisoner was in custody. The padlocks were wrenched off. Mr. Beech lives on the premises.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You never saw the prisoner on the premises - A. No.
PRINCE DALTON. I am an apprentice to 
               
                  Lionel 
                  Lukin
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Beech
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Howard
               



            . I have been their apprentice three years and a half. I and three others entered the premises on the 28th of October, about twelve o'clock at night. I lived next door. I wrenched the lock off. The prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smithers
               



            , and another whom I do not know, were with me; we opened the gate, after wrenching the lock off.
Q. Were those persons by when you wrenched the lock - 
               A. 
            No; I wrenched it off before they came, to be in readiness for them.
Q. Did you plan the robbery - A. No; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smithers
               



             planned it. I do not know where he is. When they came up two glasses were taken from the carriage. I cut off one string and Smithers the other. I took them out of the premises, and the prisoner carried them away. I went with him; we were both stopped at two o'clock; he had the glasses; I got away as soon as they laid hold of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the prisoner in the street when they were taken - A, No; we were all four on the premises. I was in custody about five weeks.
Q. You swore at Bow-street that the prisoner was concerned in nothing but this, but the others were - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a watchman. About a quarter before two o'clock I stopped the prisoner at the corner of Southampton-street and Maiden-lane with the glasses; a person was walking by his side, who ran away.


                  JAMES 
                  CROWE
               



            . I am a watchman of Maiden-lane. The prisoner and others passed me; when they saw me following them they hastened their pace. I called to Hayes to stop the prisoner - the others ran away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met Dalton at a singing club; he asked me to carry the glasses - I did so; the watchman stopped me, and he ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
