






527. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BAXTER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, six pieces of ribbon, value 1 l. 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harndell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HARNDELL
               



            . I keep a haberdasher's shop
, 20, Ratcliffe Highway


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutor. On the 18th of March, the two prisoners came into the shop, they asked to look at some ribbons; I put the ribbon drawer on the counter; the prisoner Watson put her bonnet on the ribbon drawer. I saw her take four pieces of ribbon out of the drawer under her bonnet, and put them into her pocket. She desired me to cut off a yard and a half of ribbon; the other prisoner was standing by her; she told me to cut her off a yard; I cut her off a yard, and then I told Mr. Harndell; they both left the shop; I never lost sight of them, I fetched them back, and then I fetched Jackson, the officer; he secured them, and I saw him pick up off the ground close to Watson four pieces of ribbon.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take charge of these two women; I have seen Watson before. I found four pieces of ribbon on the ground when I came in, close to the right side of Watson, and a pocket, containing two other pieces of ribbon; the pocket was Watson's pocket, it had a duplicate of a shawl in it that Watson had pledged that morning; I went to the pawnbroker's with the duplicate; the pawnbroker said Watson had pledged the shawl that morning. I searched Baxter; I found nothing upon her.
Watson's Defence. I bought a yard and a half of ribbon, and paid for it; I know nothing of the other.
Baxter's Defence. I know nothing about it.
WATSON, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BAXTER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
