





250. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HODGES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of February
, two coats, value 1 l. a pair of pantaloons, value 5 s. two waistcoats, value 7 s. a snuff-box, value 5 s. two tickets, value 3 s. a neck handkerchief, value 3 s. a silk handkerchief, value 7 s. a 1 l. bank note, and seven shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tennant
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Colborn
                     



, widow.


                  JOHN 
                  TENNANT
               



            . I am an hair dresser
; I live in widow 
               
                  Jane 
                  Colborn
               



            's house, Woburn-place, in the parish of St. George's, Bloomsbury


.
Q. On the 7th of February, what time in the evening did you go out - A. About half past eleven o'clock. I left the street door on the latch; there was one of the lodgers wanted to come in; that was my order; and my own room door was upon the latch.
Q. On the 8th did you miss any thing out of your room - A. I did, two coats, value one pound; two waistcoats, value five shillings; a hat, value seven shillings; a neck handkerchief, value three shillings; and a silk handkerchief, value seven shillings. There was a one pound note in the pantaloons pocket. A pair of pantaloons, value four shillings, and seven shillings in silver, I saw the note in the pantaloons pocket on the Sunday evening. I saw my things when I went to bed last. They were the things I had on the Monday. I saw my things again on the Tuesday at Mr. Brooks's, the pawnbroker's.



                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I live in High-street. On the morning of the 8th, about nine o'clock, the prisoner pledged a hat, two coats, and two waistcoats, for eight shillings. The prosecutor came in an hour after, and claimed them. The prisoner came the next morning, and offered me a handkerchief to pledge. I sent for a constable, and had him taken in custody. The snuff-box was found on the prisoner, and two duplicates in the snuff-box.
Prisoner's Defence. On the day stated in the indictment, as I was going up Oxford-street I was accosted by a man that appeared as a man that dealt in clothes; he shewed me the things in the indictment. I gave him twelve shillings for them, and being in want of money I pledged them for eight shillings, and the next morning going to the same place to pledge a handkerchief I was apprehended. Is it likely that I knew the things had been stolen? No. if I had I should not have gone there again in the course of a few hours. I am innocent of the charge.
GUILTY, aged 24.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
