








306. 
               
                  
                     JONAS 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEARING
                  




               
            ,

                     JOSEPH 
                     GREAVES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     NATHAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February
, three reams of paper, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bangley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nott
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BANGLEY
               



            . I am a stationer

 in Budge-row. On the 3d of February I lost the paper out of the cart coming from the Half Moon in the Borough


. I know nothing of the loss myself, only from information. My partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Nott
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLINTOFF
               



            . I am a carman to Messrs. Bangley and Nott. We were loaded with thirty two bundles of paper; I lost one out of the cart somewhere between the Half Moon and Budge-row, one bundle, consisting of three reams; I knew it was impossible for it to fall out of the cart, and when I came home I was a bundle short.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am ward-beadle of Portsoken Ward. In consequence of information on Monday the 3d of February about six in the evening; I went after 
               
                  Jonas 
                  Solomon
               



             to his father, 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Solomon
               



            's house; when I came to the door I saw the prisoner Nathan standing with his back to the door just upon the threshold, close to the step of the stairs leading to the one pair; I made a push at him, he stood stiff. I told him to get out of the way, and with another shove drove him into the room; the passage is about six feet square; there were two women sitting in the parlour at a table, and I then endeavoured to shut the street door on purpose to secure the party that I suspected were in there, there being something under the door; I could not do it; Nathan turned round and halloaed out some expression in Dutch, which I did not know the English of; I immediately heard a violent bustle over my head. I took a light from the table and made towards the foot of the stairs; I saw a light in the one pair room, I observed a man coming out of the room; I halloaed out fall back immediately; before he could turn round I was upon his back, and he went into the room from whence he came. When I got in the room the door being very narrow, I stood in the centre of the door way, and put the candle down, and called 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hitchens
               



            , a man who was below to aid and assist me; he came up, and we shut the room door. I then asked the prisoner Solomon if he knew any thing of the other two men; there were three persons in the room; Dearing was sitting on a chair: I asked Solomon if he knew how they came there; he said, he did not. I then asked Dearing how he came there; he said he had come to Mrs. Solomon, and she bid him go up stairs; I then asked Greaves how he came there; he told me that he was an acquaintance of Dearing's, and met with him by the way, and accompanied him there; I then addressed myself to Solomon. I thought it very extraordinary that these men should come in his mother's bed-room, and he did not know any of them; I then asked him if his mother was at home; he said she was not: she had been out on a visit some hours, he had but just come home from his master's; he was an apprentice; I told him it was extraordinary if he was an apprentice that he was always there.
Q. Did you know him before - A. Yes; since the 1st of January; he is always there. The owner of the house has abscouded ever since the 2d of January for a barrel of mustard that was stolen; I then secured the prisoners, got assistance, and took them to the compter. I saw Levy there, I ordered him to aid and assist me; the prisoner Dearing was endeavouring to get out of the door; I pushed him back again, and tied Dearing and Greaves together; I then went and fetched the three reams of paper which were laying at the foot of the bed; I asked Solomon if he knew how that paper came there: he said he knew nothing at all about it; I produce the paper; I went to this house in consequence of information that two men had just gone in the house with a large swag.
Prosecutor. This is the same paper that I missed; I have got the following number, and the number preceding; I have a note from Mr. Cripps at the paper-mill. This is the same make and the same date and exact quantity that I missed.
Deering's Defence. This is a very hard case that I should be charged with what other people have in their possession.
Greaves' Defence. I met this young man, and he asked me to take a walk with him.
Nathan's Defence. I live within five doors of Mrs. Solomon's house; I stopped there about half a minute.
SOLOMON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
DEARING - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
GREAVES - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
NATHAN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
