





853. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, ten quires of paper value 10s. five quires of other paper value 5s. five quires of other paper, value 4s. and six quires of other paper, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cotton
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . On the 8th of August, about five minutes past eight in the morning, I saw a man of the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wooten
               



             come out of Mr. Cotton's warehouse with this parcel; I then let him go about a hundred yards; then I turned myself round, and saw the prisoner at the bar looking after me; I then seized Wooten with this parcel; he said he did not know what was in it; he said he was going down to Blackfriars Bridge with it to a person who was to take it from him there. I then put the parcel into the bar of a public-house, and took Wooten back to the prosecutor's ware-house. I then told the prisoner I should take him into custody also, and he downed of his knees, and begged for mercy, and hoped I would forgive him; I told him that was not in my power for I must send for his master; and I did so.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOTEN
               



            . I received that parcel from the prisoner, I was sent to Mr. Cotton's ware-house by a strange person who was to meet me when I got the parcel on Blackfriars Bridge. I told the prisoner I came for a parcel, and he gave me this.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny falling down upon my knees and asking for mercy; I asked to see the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
