






446. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, a handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an attorney
. On the 17th of May, about half past seven in the evening, I was in Fleet Street


 with Mr. Forbes; as I was walking, I observed Spencer drawing my pocket handkerchief out of my pocket, he had got hold of a corner taking it out: it was not quite out when I saw him. I turned round immediately to seize him, he had got it quite out then, as soon as he saw me turn round he put the handkerchief and his hand behind him to the other, who was behind him; I quitted Spencer and seized Brown, he dropped the handkerchief and I picked it up; a mob gathered round, and while I laid hold of Brown, Spencer walked away: Mr. Forbes went after him and brought him back, they were delivered to the constable.
MR. FORBES. I am one of the landing waiters of his Majesty's customs. I was coming up Fleet-street along with Mr. Jones, on the evening of the 17th of May, between six and seven o'clock, I saw him seize Spencer and say, you rascal you have picked my pocket of a handkerchief, he was so close to him at the time, that he touched his clothes; Mr. Jones let him go and seized the other prisoner, who immediately dropped the handkerchief, Mr. Jones picked it up. I followed Spencer and took him in custody, the prisoner then told me that he had not been in Fleet-street that day.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer, I was sent for on that evening to Mr. Lords, the brandy merchant; where the prisoners were detained, the prisoners were given into my custody, and the handkerchief I have had ever since.
The property produced and identified.
Brown's Defence. As I was walking in Fleet-street there was a man walking before me, it was not the other prisoner, he threw a handkerchief at me.
Spencer's: Defence. I am innocent of it; I never was nigh the gentleman, within four hundred yards; there was a man went by me with a white jacket, I was going up to Somerset-house. I was stopped and put into a house; I said, what for; he said, picking my pocket; I said I never picked your pocket. Ask him if ever he put his hand upon me, before I was brought back by the gentleman.
Prosecutor. I was in the act of seizing him, but seeing the handkerchief pass, I thought it was best to take him with the handkerchief, I then seized Brown.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
SPENCER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.





               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
