





217. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for



               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, twelve ounces weight of tea, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of the 
               
united company of merchants trading to the East Indies




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LINES
               



            . I am in the employ of the East India Company, I am a commodore, the prisoner was a labourer
 in the same warehouse. On the 19th of February he was employed in the warehouse Jewry Street


, that warehouse contained tea.
Q. In what state were the chests. - A. The lids were opened for shew. In consequence of information I watched the prisoner, towards the close of the day I observed him go into a room by himself, after the windows were shut, he staid there a minute or two, he returned towards me again, he went into the room again, the second time he staid there a short time, when he was coming towards me I perceived him rubbing his hands towards the waistband of his breeches, I then went to the Elder, and told him I had reason to believe he had tea about him, I made it known to Mr. Jones; the warehouse keeper. The bell was ringing, the prisoner was coming down stairs, I had Mr. Brooks with me, I called the prisoner of one side, he followed me into the store room, I said,
"Churton, I have reason to believe you have some tea about you," he said, he had not, I began to unbutton the waistband of his breeches, there I saw this tea in this bag, the bag was tied to his waistband as a sob, and fastened behind, I took the tea out of the bag, this is the tea, there is twelve ounces of it.
Q. Were there tea of this description in the warehouse where this man was working. - A. There was, Mr. Sannders asked the prisoner how long he had been at this work, he said no great while.
Q. How long has the prisoner been at work there. - A. About twenty years.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
