





208. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DUMMETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, one silver token, value 18 d.; one half crown, one shilling, and one sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Whitwell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITWELL
               



            . I am a bookbinder
, and live in Hemmings-row, St Martin's-lane. On Tuesday morning, the 7th of December, at half-past three o'clock, I met the prisoner with two others in Hart-street, Covent-garden


 - they wanted me to treat them with gin, but I would not. The prisoner wanted a shilling - I went to get from her, and felt her hand in my pocket. She had got the money out, and put it into her own pocket.
Q. How came you out at that time of night - A. I had been to a society, and was locked out of my lodgings - I was quite sober, and had been no where with them. I seized her, and told her she had got my money; the others assisted to get her from me. I called the watchman, who took her, and found the money in her pocket.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . The prosecutor brought the prisoner to me, and charged her with robbing him, but she denied having any money; I found a half crown in her hand; she said she did not know how she came by it, unless it accidentally fell into her hand. I found two sixpences, and an eighteenpenny-piece in her pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITWELL
               



             re-examined. This money is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the eighteenpenny-piece, the other money was my own. He knocked me down, and robbed me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
