





293. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the third of March
, a watch, value 6 l. a steel chain, value 1 s. and a gold seal, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Higley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD HIGLEY. On Saturday evening, the 3rd of March, I was in the New Inn, Shoreditch; about ten o'clock at night, I was walking along, I saw the prisoner before me, he passed on the right hand side of me and 
               drew
             the watch of my pocket; he met me; I had my hand in my waistcoat pocket. He snatched the watch out of my fob; I felt the watch coming away; I took my hand out of my pocket and catched the watch as he was coming by me; I kept my hold, he broke the ring of the chain as he pulled, and turned round; I slipped down; I immediately called out stop thief.
Q. What became of the watch. - A. The watch I had in my hand; the steel chain was never found, nor the gold seal and key. The prisoner took to his heels and run away.
Q. How soon did you see him again. - A. Not two minutes; I got up and saw him down a turning, 
               
                  John 
                  Gray
               



             had got hold of him, I seized him; we called the watchman and took him to the watchhouse. I am very sure he is the same man, I saw him by the light of the Bishop Blaze public-house as he was coming by, I saw him before he came to me.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAY
               



            . On Saturday evening, the 3d of March, I was returning out of Shoreditch, through New Inn yard, about a quarter past ten o'clock; I had nearly arrived at this turning that had no thoroughfare. I observed, by the light of this public-house, the prisoner and the last witness; I am sure it was the prisoner; I perceived a kind of a bustle between them; I was looking forward; the prisoner left the last witness; he cried, stop thief; I sprang forward; I rather think the prisoner perceived me coming: he turned up this turning; I came up to him and collared him; about the distance of two or three yards he struck me several severe blows in the face. I kept my hold till the last witness came up, we took him to the watchhouse; he resisted the whole of the way, and with great difficulty we conveyed him there.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what is laid to my charge; I was very much in liquor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
