





369. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BECK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of July
 nine shirts, value 4 l. 8 s. and a shawl, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Marchant
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  MARCHANT
               



            , My husband's name is 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Marchant
               



            , I am a laundress, I live at Peter's-hill, Doctor's-commons


, the prisoner had washed for me two years.
Q. Did you at any time lose nine shirts and a shawl that you were employed to wash - A. The shawl was my own, these things were taken from me on the 5th of July last, the prisoner was working for me, the shirts were washed and ironed ready to be taken home, the prisoner took them while I was out upon my business.
Q. What part of the day on the 5th of July did you leave your house - A. About eight o'clock in the evening; I left the prisoner in my house, I returned between ten and eleven, I found her at home, I had seen the shirts safe in my house in the fore part of the day, this was Friday, and between four and five o'clock on Saturday morning there was an alarm of fire in my house, in the room where she slept, the girl called me to come to her as soon as I could, and when I opened the door the flames came out of the drawer against me, my husband throwed a pail of water against the place where the fire was coming out, and put out the fire.
Q. Was the prisoner dressed when this alarm of fire was given - A. Yes.
Q. Was the girl completely dressed - A. No, the prisoner awoke the girl out of her sleep, we asked the prisoner about the shirts, she said they were all burnt to ashes and the shawl with them.
Q. Did you afterwards find the shirts and shawl - A. Yes, at the pawnbroker's.
Q. Were they all injured by fire - A. No, not at all.
Q. Was there any of your linen burnt by that fire - A. Two shirts and a sheet, the drawer was not burnt.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DUBBER
               



            . I am a servant girl to Mrs. Marchant, I slept with the prisoner on the Friday my mistress went out, she said she was going to her daughters, it is not far off; the prisoner went out about half an hour after my mistress went out, she returned before my mistress did; I and the prisoner went to bed together.
Q. When did you awake in the morning - A. When the fire was, the prisoner came and awaked me, I saw the fire, it was in the drawer. I was naked in bed and the prisoner was dressed, I alarmed my mistress.
Q. How long after this was it any shirts were missing - A. My mistress missed them about eight o'clock in the morning, I told my mistress I knew nothing about it, no more I did not, I heard the prisoner say they were burnt.
HARRIOT STYLE. I live at 25, Little Trinity-lane, near Mrs. Marchant, on Friday evening between eight and nine o'clock at night the prisoner brought a parcel to me, she asked me to let her leave it, she had been gossiping she said, and it was too late to take it home.
Q. Did you afterwards see what it contained - A. No, I delivered her the same parcel on Sunday morning.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer, on the 19th of July I received a warrant against the prisoner, and on the 23d of February I apprehended her at Stratford, I searched her and found no duplicates upon her.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Crouch, pawnbroker, Paul-street, Providence-row, Finsbury-square; on the 8th of July the prisoner pledged two shirts for 18 s. in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hanson
               



            , on the 13th of July she came and took a copy of the affidavit.


                  ROBERT 
                  IVY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dexter, pawnbroker, 125, Whitechapel-road, I produce a shirt pawned on the 8th of July in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  East
               



            , I do not recollect the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I live at 49, Brick-lane, I am a pawnbroker, I produce two shirts pawned in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams
               



            , on the 8th of July.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROSSLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 36, Wheeler-street, I took two shirts in pledge on the 8th of July, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hanson
               



            , I advanced sixteen shillings upon them I have no recollection of the person who pawned them.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I produce two shirts pawned on the 8th of July, on the 13th of July an application was made for an affidavit, I granted the affidavit myself, I think to the prisoner, I cannot be certain.
Prosecutrix. These shirts were all in my care to wash.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, called two witnesses who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
