





1274. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     IRVING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, one coat, value 10s.; one waistcoat, value 7s.; one handkerchief, value 3s.; one pair of shoes, value 10s.; one pair of stockings, value 1s.; one watch, value 2l., and 9s. in monies numbered, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Fletcher
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES FLETCHER. I am a gentleman's servant
, and live in Little James-street. On the 16th of July, about twelve o'clock at night, I was going to my lodgings, and found myself locked out. I met with the prisoner, and went with her to her apartments in Maynard-street, St. Giles's


. I went to bed, and awoke about five o'clock in the morning; I was a little intoxicated. I found all my clothes, and the other things mentioned in the indictment, gone, as was also the prisoner. There was no other person in the room. I was not senseless. I am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  JOHN 
                  DEWXEL
               



            . I am a patrol. I stopped a man named Sweeny, with the clothes-the prisoner was taken on the Friday night. I told her what she was charged with, we found the duplicate of the watch in her lodgings, tied up in a small bundle. When I took her I found the watch at Hill's.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am a patrol. The prisoner lodged in the house where the duplicate was found; I took her there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Rathbone-place. On the 17th of July I took the watch in pledge of the prisoner, for 15s.; I am sure she is the woman, it was early in the morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the watch to pledge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
