






169. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PICKETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Perry
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 6th of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 3l., and one chain, value 1s., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Westminster. On the 6th of January last, I was returning home in my cart, about nine o'clock at night, in company with a butcher, named Thyer; as we rode along near Westminster Abbey


, one of the wheels of my cart came off-whether by accident, or done wilfully by some one, I do not know; I was knocked out, and as I was rising I received a violent blow on the back of my head, which knocked me down again. As soon as I recovered myself I saw several people about me. I got to the railing opposite the Abbey, as soon as I could, and had much to do to stand; I supported myself by the railing, and then I observed the prisoner, Pickett, take hold of my arm, saying, he would see me home, if I would go, I refused; that is all I know. I had been drinking, but was perfectly sensible before I received the blow.


                  THOMAS 
                  THYER
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Pickett, have Mr. Perry, by the arm. I found my pocket was turned insideout, and I had lost 15s.6d. I told to Mr. Perry I thought he had lost his watch, and he missed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRETT
               



            . As I was coming home I saw Mr. Perry holding by the rails that inclose the green, and the prisoner, Pickett, attempting to release his hands from them-which he did, and Mr. Perry crossed over to some wood rails, nearly opposite - He caught hold of them, and then the prisoner, Pickett, crossed over too, and appeared to endeavour to release his hands from the wooden rails, but Mr. Perry held the rails so tight that he could not do it; I also attempted to release his hands, but he would not let me. A short time after that I saw the prisoner, Pickett, pull the watch from Mr. Perry's pocket - He pulled it up in a very forcible way, and could hardly get it out. There was a great number of costermongers standing about; I saw him deliver it to the other prisoner, Wood, who was close to his elbow. Perry was at this time close to the rails - I believe he was in liquor; then Wood walked round to the other side of Perry, and gave Pickett the watch back again, he then put it into his great coat pocket, and they both crossed over towards Tothill-street; I followed them half-way up Tothill-street, and then Wood returned - I lost Picket - I do not know where he went to, and I also missed Wood. The next morning I saw Pickett passing by the shoemaker's, and he was apprehended.
Prisoner WOOD. Was it light enough to see me - A. Yes; I was close by the side of you; there were gaslights on the other side - I knew both the prisoners before, by sight, and also the name of Wood.
Q. How came you not to speak to me when you first saw me in the public-house-A. I was afraid to speak to him in the public-house, but I swore to him as soon as the officers got him out. I went down with them, after I had described him, to the Crown, and he was there.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square Office. The last witness described to me the persons of the two lads who had committed the robbery, the morning after the robbery, and according to his description of them we immediately knew who we had to look for - They exactly answered his description, in dress, and in every other particular, when they were apprehended. The boy was afraid to speak to Wood in the public-house, because there were many others, but he swore to him afterwards.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



             corroborated the evidence of the last witness.
PICKETT'S Defence. I was going to Covent-garden-market, when Mr. Gillmore laid hold of me, for what reason I do not know.
WOOD'S Defence. They fetched me out of the public-house, but I know nothing at all of the robbery.
PICKETT - GUILTY. Aged 17.
WOOD - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of Stealing from the Person only
            .





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
