






694. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LOVELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of June
, one ass, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lamb
                        



                     
                  , and one other ass
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Altee
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am a salesman of Smithfield market
, my ass was on Ealing-common


; she had just foaled. I and my son were going to market on the morning of Friday the 2nd of June, and when we had got upon the Common, we perceived the young donkey making a great noise, it was three weeks and some days old. We could not see the mother, and my son remarked that she would not have left the foal of her own accord, and he thought somebody must have taken her. When we got to Notting-gate, we enquired of the gate-keeper if such a thing had gone through the gate, and he told us that two gypsies, one a tall man, and the other a short one, had gone towards London, with two asses. We went on to Tyburn, and there we made the same enquiries, and received similar answers; I directly came home, and sent my son to market, and told young master Atlee when I got down what was become of my ass, and told him his was gone also; he immediately set out for London.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATLEE
               



            . I had a female donkey, which I lost off the Common. In consequence of some information which I received from Mr. Lamb, I went up to Smithfield market; I walked about three hours, without seeing my donkey; I was at last taking the last walk round the market, when I saw my ass, and Mr. Lamb's together, and the prisoners near them. I immediately went for an officer, who took them into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer. About four o'clock in the afternoon, of Friday, the 2nd of June, the last witness came up to me as I was standing in the market, and asked me to inform him where he could get an officer. He told me two gypsies had stolen two donkies off Ealing-common. I asked him if he knew the donkies; he told me, be did; that one was his, and the other belonged to Mr. Lamb. I immediately fetched two brother officers, who went with me where the boy directed us to. I asked the gypsies if the donkies were their property; they told me they were. A scuffle ensued, and they were taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREY
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Taylor and Smith to apprehend two gypsies, who had stolen a couple of donkies. I asked them where they got them, and they told me they bought them at Edgeware.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was the first man who laid hold of the two prisoners; I was with Grey and Taylor. I was in my apron, and I was not suspected to be an officer. I asked the tallest man, who the donkies belonged to; he said, that they were his. I asked him if he would sell one; he replied, he would: would I buy one? With that I caught hold of him by the collar. The other gypseyman struck at Grey, but missed him, and hit another man, who fell on his face. A scuffle immediately ensued, and at length, after considerable resistance, both the prisoners were secured.
Smith's Defence. I was coming from Edgeware that morning, and I met a man with the two donkies; he asked me if I wanted to buy them, and I told him I did. I bought the donkies and I got my little couzen here to help me to get them to London. If I had known that they were stolen, I would not have bought them.

Lovell's Defence. I know nothing about these donkies, any more than that my cousin here, asked me to help him to drive them up to London, and I did.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
LOVELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
