





156. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KINGSTON
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 19th of September
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell


, feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, had in his custody and possession, a certain forged and counterfeit bank note, he well knowing it to be forged and counterfeited
            , against the statute.


                  RAPHAEL 
                  ROMANEL
               



            . I am an auctioneer, and live at No. 194, Strand. On Saturday the 9th of September, about eight o'clock at night, the prisoner came into my auction-room, dressed in fireman's clothes - the sale was going on; he bought sportman's knife with eight instruments, for 3 s. 6 d. - he was with another man; the prisoner tendered me a 1 l. note; I looked at it, and rather suspected it I addressed myself to them both, and said put your name and address on it; I thought the prisoner endorsed it, but am rather doubtful which of them it was - I gave the note to the prisoner.
Q. Was a name and address put on it - A. Yes. Not by the prisoner, but by the other man, who was dressed in waterman's clothes, and came in with the prisoner, and was with him all the time, and went out with him.
Q. To whom did the you give the note - A. I presented it to the prisoner, but the other took it out of my hand, and put the name and address on it, and said they were well known in the neighbourhood, that they (speaking of both) belonged to the Hand-in-Hand fire-office, and had taken the note there; the prisoner said nothing - he did not have the note in his hand.
Q. It was given to you by the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. Upon the other man giving this account, did the prisoner make any answer or observation - A. Not any. The other man wrote on the note; (looks at one) this is it, it has Hand-in-Hand Fire-office, Mr. Kingston, Lombard-street, Fleet-street, on it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Were you selling yourself - A. No, I was taking money; it is not uncommon for people to come in together; I make every person sign their names on the note they pay - I paid this note away.
Q. You suspected it - A. Yes; I could not tell whether it was good or not - it was refused. I paid it that evening to Hooper, in the Strand, who keeps an eating-house - did not tell him I suspected it.
Q. How many notes did you take that night - A. Eight or nine. I always make everybody put their address on it; I saw the prisoner about seven weeks after, in custody. I am sure he is the man.
Q. I presume you was told the man was in custody, who paid you the note - A. Nothing of the kind was said.
Q. Who applied to you to go to the office - A. I went to the Hand-in-Hand Fire-office; they told me to go to the firemen, which I did, and was told he was in custody; I went to the Bank, and found it was so. They told me to go to the office, and see if he was the man - I saw him at Marlborough-street, with others.
MR. REYNOLDS. Q. You paid the note that night to Hooper - A. Yes, I had been in the habit of lunching there for a year before; he knew me perfectly well, and where I lived, and has changed upwards of twenty notes for me.
Q. Hooper's name was on it - A. Yes, he put it on, and I wrote my name Romanel, 194, Strand; and wrote the address on it when I paid it to him, in his presence. I received no other note with this address on.
Q. Who took the change for the note - A. The prisoner. I am certain of it.
JURY. Q. I understood you to say you knew the note had been refused, and yet you paid it away - A. Yes, I sent my man over to the baker's to get change, and they said they did not like the note; I did not know it was bad; he knew me, and could find me, which he did - I did not tell him I suspected it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARRATT
               



            . I am town messenger at the Hand-in-Hand Fire-office; the prisoner was not their servant on the 19th of September last, he was in their service six years ago, but not later.


                  CHARLES 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am collecter of the watch-rate tothe precinct of Whitefriars, and live in Temple-lane, Lombard-street, which leads from Fleet-street to Temple-lane, and is my district; there are about eighteen houses in it. I know every housekeeper, and have a general knowledge of the inhabitants, it being a small place; the prisoner did not live there, nor anybody of that name. I have been well acquainted with him for thirty years, and can say he did not live there - I do not know where he did live.


                  JOHN 
                  WAKELEY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live at No. 61, Upper East Smithfield. On the 23d July, about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, and bought a piece of bacon, which came to about 2 s. 1 1/2 d.; he offered me a 1 l. note; I looked at it, and saw it was different from all other notes I had ever taken, and told him I had no change, and asked what I should do, he said he did not know. I had observed the name of Mackey on the right-hand side of the ONE, wrote very bad with a thick pen, which I should know again. I went out with it, under a pretence of getting change, and sent a neighbour's man for an officer. I shewed the note to a man named Moses, but it did not go out of my possession; his man, Haggerty, got an officer. He was standing at my door, and in the presence of the prisoner, I gave him the note, and told him to get change for it, but I had directed him to get an officer; the officer soon returned with the note in his hand, and took the prisoner. (looks at a note) This is it, it is marked Mackey, Baldwin-street, City-road, on it, which I particularly noticed. When it came back, I put my name on it; he was searched in my parlour, and some silver was found on him - more than sufficient to pay for the bacon.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have often got change for a note, when you have had silver - A. Yes. I put a mark on the note, in my house - I had given it to Haggerty first.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGGERTY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Moses, who lives opposite Wakeley. I went to the door, and Wakeley gave me a note, which I gave to Hyde, the officer.


                  DENNIS 
                  HYDE
               



            . I am an officer of East Smithfield. Haggerty brought me a note, (looks at one) this is it. I went to Wakeley, and took the prisoner. I gave Wakeley the note, but kept my eye on it, while he put his mark on it - he returned it to me. I found 5 s. and some halfpence on the prisoner, and asked him where he got the note, he said he got the note from two sailors, whom he took from Gravesend, to carry on board an East Indiaman; I asked his name and residence, he said he had no residence, for he lived on board a barge, that he had no fixed barge, but used to lay on board barges.


                  JOHN 
                  HATCH
               



            . I am a lighterman, and live at Fulham. I have known the prisoner twenty-five years. About the middle of September, I saw him at the Bells, public-house, at Fulham - I was having some beer with some friends; he came up to me with another man, and said, will you give me some beer? I told him to drink; he said he had got a barge of coals lying at Wandsworth, and if I would come down, he would give me some coals; after that we went in doors, and he asked me to give him change for a 1 l. note - he gave me one; I went to the landlord and got change for it, which I gave to the prisoner. We then had half a pint of gin together; I frequented the house, but never changed a note there before nor since; the landlord returned me the note afterwards, and I gave it to Mr. Lees - I have not paid the landlord the value of it.
Cross-examined. Q. On your oath do not you expect the bank will pay it for you on the conviction of this man - A. I expect they will pay me the 20 s.
Q. If you do not fix it on somebody else, you must be responsible yourself - A. Yes. The men who were with me are not here. I have lived at Fulham thirty-five years.
Q. Have you ever been away from Fulham at any time - A. No. I was at sea six months.
Q. Did you not go out of the way, being charged with stealing timber - A. No, no such charge was ever made against me, to my knowledge. I have lived at Fulham constantly for the last six years. The note was returned to me, by the landlord, six days after; I saw him write on it - I did not mark it; I believe he wrote my name on it.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. How long is it since you went to sea - A. Thirty-six years ago. I belonged to the waterman's company.
Q. Have you had any promise made to you of being paid anything for this prosecution by the Bank - A. No.
Q. Do you expect to be paid for anything but your attendance - A. I expect to be paid for the note.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Do you know Mr. Quintum - A. Yes, he lived at Fulham, and was a lighterman; I worked for him about eighteen years.
Q. Did you absent yourself from his service for eighteen months - No. I was absent about six months, and that was a year and an half ago.
Q. I thought you said you was never away from Fulham, except when you went to sea - A. I was still at Fulham, he and I felt out. On my oath it was not about stealing timber, there never was any charge against me about timber.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. Q. After you left him, were you received back again - Yes, to work with the same craft, but with his servant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               



            . In September last, I kept the Eight Bells, public-house, at Fulham, I saw the prisoner there about the middle of September. Hatch brought me a 1 l. note to change, and I gave him the change, the prisoner sat close to him at the time; I wrote Hatch, waterman, Fulham, on the note, before I gave change; (looks at one) this is it; I never changed any other for Hatch; he took the change up, and went out. I did not know the prisoner before, and would not have given him change.


                  SUSAN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . My husband keeps the Crown and Anchor, Seven Dials. On the 3d of November, the prisoner came to the house with two others, they stood in the lobby of the bar; one of the other men had a glass of peppermint - they spoke together, the others had nothing. The other man tendered a 1 l. note, and the prisoner stood close to him at the time; the other man said he wished to have change, or he could not pay me; I said I could not give change, but would go and ask my husband if he had any. I went to him in the parlour, and Furzeman, the constable, was there; I took the note to him, he gave his opinion on it; I returned to the man who gave it to me - the prisoner and the others were still there. I told the man, in their hearing, that I thought it was a bad one, and returned it to him - he made no answer; Furzeman was in the lobby at the time, he took the note out of the man's hand, andasked him where he got it, he said from his master; Furzeman then gave it to me, and my husband marked it, in my presence; (looks at one) this is it, it has his hand-writing on it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I keep the Crown and Anchor. On the 3d of November, my wife brought me a 1 l. note into the parlour, where Furzeman and I was; I followed her into the bar, took the note out of her hand, and wrote my name on it. Furzeman and Hearne then took the prisoner, and two others, into custody. The prisoner resisted, and said the first b - g - r that attempted to search him he would kick *****. Above 1 l. in silver was found on him.
Cross-examined. Q. He did not pass the note - A. No. Nothing but silver was found on him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable, and was at the public-house when the prisoner, and two others, were taken; I searched Dent, who was one of them, and found about 5 l. in silver on him; the prisoner would not let me search him, but he was afterwards searched. Nothing was found on the man who passed the note. There is such a parish as St. James.


                  JOHN 
                  HEARNE
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found 1 l. 4 s. in silver, on him - he made a great resistance.
Cross-examined. Q. Dent was discharged by the magistrate - A. Yes. The solicitor for the Bank attended there.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes, and have been so above twenty years. (looks at the note uttered to R. Romanel.)
Q. Does your experience enable you to say whether it is genuine or forged - A. It is forged; the paper is not used by the Bank, and it has not the Bank water-mark; there is an imitation of one, but it is not a water-mark, it has not got the waving lines, like the Bank paper; the words Bank of England, and One, are made in the fabric of the paper, but it is not so in this; there is an imitation of it, which is done, I believe, by pressure and composition - There are various ways by which it may be done. The line containing London and the date is engraved, and done with engraving ink; in a genuine note it is stereotyped, and with printing ink. It purports to be signed by P. Lister; we have a signing-clerk of that name, I have know him ever since I have been in the Bank, and know his hand-writing - it is not his signature. In this note the letters No before the number are engraved, but in a genuine note they are stereotyped. (looks at that paid to Wakeley) It is forged, and a very bad imitation; it is the name in every respect with the other, but not off the same plate; the paper, plate, and signature, are all forged. The plate line appears to have had something passed over it, to give it the appearance of stereotype. (looks at that changed by Hatch) It is forged in every respect, and of the same description as the last, and off the same plate; anybody may ascertain that. (looks at that offered to Harison) It is forged in every respect, and of the same description as the first note, off the same plate, and the numbers are also the same.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You have been twenty years an inspector, no doubt your experience is very great; I do not suppose you have ever met with any notes, in which you have been deceived - A. I have not. once did many years ago.
Q. There have been a great many notes paid by the Bank within the last year, which have afterwards been discovered to be forged - A. There has been several.
Q. Sixty or seventy - A. I do not know that. The bank-paper is made in Hampshire. There is nobody here from the manufactory. I was never there myself.
Q. Then you cannot tell how the water-mark is made, except what you hear from others - A. No. I speak from the inspection I have had. I see the paper at the Bank.
Q. How do you know it came from the manufactory - A. I have seen it delivered, and have seen the thing the water-mark is done with. I never saw it used.
Q. Did you ever compare the note with the bank plate - A. No. They have many plates. I can safely say, from my experience, that it is not a water-mark. I am certain, as far as my judgment goes, that it is not the signature of Lister.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. Q. You have been twenty years an inspector, during which time you have become well acquainted with the bank paper and plates - A. Yes, and am in the daily habit of seeing thousands of notes both before and after they are impressed.
Q. Looking at the notes, and bearing in your mind your recollection of the character of the paper and plates, have you the least doubt of their not being genuine - A. None whatever.
Q. In the instances you have mentioned of forged notes having been paid at the Bank, have the attention of the inspectors been called to them, or is it from the neglect of their not being called to see them - A. Generally from neglect. If an inspector pays a forged note, he is obliged to lose it himself.
Q. Have you any difficulty in distinguishing these notes from genuine ones - A. None whatever.
COURT. Q. Your notes are made agreeable to Act of Parliament - A. Yes.


                  PETER 
                  LISTER
               



            . I am one of the clerks authorized to sign bank notes. I was ill in September, and signed no notes on the 12th. I am certain the note is not my handwriting. It is not the character of my hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Suppose a good note was issued without a name to it; such things have been done - A. Yes.
Q. If one escaped without a signature, and it was shown to you afterwards with your name to it, would you undertake to swear that it was not your hand-writing, knowing it to be a genuine note - A. I have sworn it is not my writing.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. Q. If you had seen this signature at the bottom of a letter, or anywhere else, should you have said it was not your hand-writing - A. I should have known it was not my hand-writing. I am certain it is not my writing.
Q. Should you have known this if you had seen it on any other instrument - A. I think I should.
COURT. Q. If a genuine note had gone out unsigned, and your name afterwards put to it, and your attention was called to it, should you have known if it was your own signature or not - A I should have known it.
A JUROR to MR. LEES. Q. Has an instance ever occurred that a genuine note has been rejected and stamped as forged - A. I told you, Sir, on Monday, that it had. Itwas a very old note, very much worn, and pasted at the back, as I stated before, and was rejected by a young inspector. If it had been properly looked at I think it would have been discovered.
Q. I asked you if you ever saw the water-mark made, and I think you said Yes - A. I never said so. I have seen the moulds from which they have been made.
Q. Was you ever a paper-maker, engraver, or worked on stereotype - A. No.
Q. I think on Monday you admitted that there were private marks, and that the public would not be benefitted by their being known - A. There are private marks.
(The Note was then put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know the note to be forged, and was never in Romanel's shop.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
