





1216. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RIDLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, two trunks, value 15 s.; one scarf, value30 s.; one veil, value 1 l.; one band-box, value 6 d., and one bonnet, value 6 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN LEWIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Lewis
               



            . On the 27th of February the Chelsea carrier brought an order from my husband for two trunks, my brother delivered them to the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  DEVINE
               



            . The prisoner came on the 27th of February to my house, and told the prosecutrix he had come from Green, the carrier, for the trunks, bed, and mattress - I got them down stairs, and helped to tie them up, to take to Chelsea, and then delivered them to him - he said he was ordered to come for them.


                  ANN 
                  DEVINE
               



            . Green came about an hour after the prisoner was gone; I told him his man had got them - he asked what sort of a man it was? I told him, and he said it was right.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. In the early part of March last Mrs. Lewis described the man to me, I suspected who he was. Green was summoned to Bow-street - I afterwards found the prisoner in custody. I went to a house in Wilson-street, where he resorted, and found the prosecutrix's bonnet.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and found a piece of lace at Drakeford's.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAKEFORD
               



            . I live in Wilson-street, Somers'-town; the prisoner worked with me. In June last he called on me, and gave the bonnet and a piece of lace to my children - he said they were his wife's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I fetched the things, and gave them to Green's servant.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
