





688. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of November
, a promissory note for the payment of 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Bathgate
                  




               
            .


                  SIMON 
                  BATHGATE
               



            . On the 24th of November I was going through Holborn; a man spoke to me. We went up Brook-street, and after a little conversation we went into a public-house in Gray's-inn-lane.
Q. You walked from Holborn with that man, did you - A. No, not that man; the man that was tried here last sessions; I enquired of him where I could get my ten-pound note changed, and in the public-house another man came in.
Q. Do you know who the other man is - A. I do not.
Q. Was it the prisoner - A. I cannot positively say whether it was the prisoner or not. He was a stout tall man. The other man enquired of the first man that came into the room, if there had been a woman there. We told him, no. He said, he expected to find one there; he was going to be married to her. I did not pay a deal of attention to him.
Q. Though you did not pay a deal of attention to him, can you say whether it was the prisoner or not - A. I cannot indeed; he was not long in the room. I paid very little attention to him while he was in the room. He told the man that was along with me that he had been gambling with some soldiers. The man with me told him that he was foolish, and he would shew him how he had lost his money, and for each of them to put down a guinea. He took my note out of my hand; he said it was only to shew him the way he lost his money. He asked me to turn my hat over; I did, and then he said he had gained it, and shoved my note into the other man's hand. He was going out of the house. I went and asked him for my note. I returned, thinking I was in bad company. I went back to the man that had got my note.
Q. You have given an awkward account of all this; where were your eyes; have you no recollection who the man was - A. I never saw the man before. I would not wish to say any thing but the truth. I do not recollect the man. I was perfectly certain of the other man.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the witness, nor any thing of the transaction. The other man you say had your note - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am a beadle of St. Andrew's. On the 24th of November, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner and his brother come out of a public-house in Gray's-inn-lane.
Q. to Bathgate. What time was it when you was with these men - A. Perhaps it was about twelve o'clock at noon when I met the first man.
Mr. Hodges. It was about one o'clock, as near as possible, when I met the prisoner and his brother coming out of the Marquis of Granby public-house, Gray's-inn-lane.

Q. to Bathgate. Do you know whether that was the house you were at - A. Yes, that was the house.
Mr. Hodges. The brother of the prisoner, as soon as he passed me, he ran down the lane; about four or five minutes afterwards I met the prisoner; he spoke to me, and asked me how I did, and when I came to the door of this public-house I saw this man come out very much confused apparently. I learned that he had been rubbed of a ten pound note. He described that it was done by two lusty men; he asked me if I knew which way they were gone. He was going to run after them.
Q. to Bathgate. What was the name of the man which you knew - A. 
               
                  James 
                  Wheeler
               



            ; he was tried here.
Mr. Hedges. I told him it was of no use his running after the prisoners, if he would stop a minute I would go with him. I went with him to Hatton Garden office; I gave information. He informed me going along that he had been robbed of a ten pound country note, of the Suffolk and Essex bank. I gave information at the office, and requested them to send an officer to the banking-house to stop the note. The note was stopped, and the prisoner afterwards was taken. I know nothing more of the transaction than I saw the parties coming out, and knowing them well. They both came out of the house. The first run away, and the other spoke to me. James passed me in the street. The prisoner was about six or seven yards behind him.


                  JOHN 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a clerk at Messrs. Barclay's. On the 24th of November last, the prosecutor came and said he had lost a ten pound country note, and requested that we would stop it. He described the particulars of the note as well as he could. In about half an hour afterwards a young woman brought the note. This is the note. I detained the note. It is a promissory note for ten pound; it was then unpaid. I told the young woman that I had directions to stop a note. I requested her to come the next day, if this was not the note I would give her the money. She never came.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANN
               



            . I keep the Marquis of Granby public-house in Gray's-inn-lane


. On the 24th of November, about twelve o'clock at noon, 
               
                  Simon 
                  Bathgate
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Wheeler
               



             came into my house; they went into the parlour, and called for a pint of porter. I served it them, and came out. In about five or ten minutes another man walked in, whom I believe to be the prisoner.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. I have seen him for some years about the neighbourhood. I never saw him in the house before. He called for a pint of ale; I served him. I left them all three in the parlour. There was no other person there. I went down into the cellar, and when I came out of the cellar into the parlour, the parlour was empty. 
               
                  Simon 
                  Bathgate
               



             was looking after them. I asked him if any thing was the matter. He said he had lost a ten pound note. Mr. Hodges, the beadle, came up. I asked him if he had met any body. I have not the least doubt the prisoner is the man.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at the note; is that the note you lost - A. I believe it to be the note; it answers in all particulars.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction. I was not in the house that day. I don't know that ever I was in the house. If I had been in the house the young man must recollect me, I should presume, as it was a gambling transaction. The man that was in the room with my brother represented himself as a stranger. It would have been impossible for me to represent myself as a stranger; my brother and me were twins.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Gibbs.
