





43. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                   in the king's highway, on the 11th of September
, putting him in fear and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, eleven one pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am minister
 of Gibralter Chapel, St Bethnal Green. On Wednesday the 11th of September, I sent my son off to Masterman's with a one pound note to get changed, and with a ten pound to get changed, eleven in all.
JOHN BROWN. Q. How old are you. - A. Eleven years the 3d of next March. The prisoner met me in the middle of Bishopsgate Church Yard


, he said I had been to Masterman's, I said yes, he said there is a mistake in the bill that you have been about, I told him I had been about no bill, I had been to change a country note of one pound, he said,
"aye my little boy it is a forgery," I told him my father knew where he got that from, and the other too; then he asked me whether I had been to any other banking house, I told him, yes, I had been to Ladbrooke's, he asked me what I had received there, I told him I had received ten one pound bank notes for a country note, he said,
"aye my little boy they are both forgeries, your father is a dealer in forged notes, go with me to Masterman's." He laid hold of my hand and took me past the Excise, then he said he would turn back with me and go to my father's, he took me up Broad Street and up Old Bethlem, he then said,
"it is in vain me spending my time, deliver me up the money or I must take you into custody," and he told me to run to my father, and tell him to be at Masterman's in the course of an hour. Then I gave him the notes up
Q. Where were the notes. - A. They were in my pocket.
Q. How came you to take out the notes. - A. He told me he would take me in custody.
Q. Was that the reason. - A. Yes.
Q. You were afraid he would take you in custody, were you. - A. Yes.
Q. Would you have given them up if he had not said that. - A. No. Then I went home to my father.
Q. What became of the prisoner. - A. He went away, I saw no more of him then.
Q. Are you sure he is the man. - A. Yes, I am certain of it. Then on the 16th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, my father sent me to Messrs. Barber and Co. to receive a balance due to him, in which they gave me a two hundred pound note. I came directly from Messrs Barber and Company to Messrs. Gibson and Company, where I had to pay about eighty pound within one shilling, I gave the two hundred pound note to them, but they could not give me change, but told me to go to the Bank of England and get four fifty's. I came directly from the Bank of England to Messrs. Gibson and Company. On entering the door the prisoner accosted me, saying,
"you have been to the Bank of England." I said,
"yes, I have," he said,
"after you have been in here, you meet me up by Change Alley, and go with me to the Bank, there is a mistake in the business," he said; I, knowing it to be the same man who stopped me in Bishopgate Church Yard, I said,
"I shall not go in here now at present, you are the very man who robbed me of eleven pound," I caught hold of the sleeve of his coat, he plucked himself from me and ran off, I ran after him and hollowed out,
"stop thief, that man stole eleven pound from me." He ran off, and at the entrance of the post office, there were a few coachmen standing at the end, they stopped him. I told them to take him into custody, for he had robbed me of eleven pound a little while ago.
Q. You are sure he is the same man. - A. I am sure of it.
Q. And then he was taken in custody, was he. - A. Yes, and taken before the Lord Mayor.
Q. Now my boy
, when you had left the Excise office and had gone back, you say you went through Broad Street, and then into Old Bethlem - A. Yes.
Q. Now tell me exactly what he said to you, what did he do. - A. He told me to deliver up the notes, or else he would take me in custody, I delivered up the notes then.
Q. How did he take the notes from you. - A. No. in a snatching way, I gave them to him, he had hold of my hand all the while, I was afraid he would put me in prison, and my father would not know where I was gone to.
Q. He did not hurt you or do you any harm. - A. No.

Q. He did not say that he would do any harm to your person. - A. No.
Q. What did you suppose he would charge you with when he took you in custody, - with these forged notes - A. Yes, untill my father came.
Prisoner. Q. What day of the month do you say this was committed. - A. The 11th of September.
Court. What time of the day was it - A. About half past twelve o'clock, in the middle of the day.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. On Wednesday the 11th of September, the last witness, John Brown, gave me information of losing this money. On the 16th of November, as he was coming along with some other people with the prisoner, he called to me, and I took the prisoner into custody, I searched him, I found nothing on him but one duplicate, he would not tell his residence.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what I am accused of, the boy has learned what he has said like a child going to school. I am deceived by my solicitor; and as that is the case, I leave it to your Lordship and the gentleman of the jury.
GUILTY, aged 26,




               Of stealing from the person, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
