






531. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FULWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April

, ten pounds weight of thread, value 2 l. two dozen pieces of tape, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wreford
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWELL
                  




               
            , for 


               receiving the same goods, he knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am inspector of the watch of the parish of Cripplegate. On the night of the 2nd of May, I took Fulwell into custody, about ten minutes before ten at night. I placed myself up Dyer's-court, and watched. I saw Fulwell open his master's door, in Aldermanbury



, look one way, and then the other, and shut the door close again.
Q. When he came out, did you see him bring any thing with him - A. He did. In consequence of that, I took him into custody; I asked him what he had got in the bag he had with him across his shoulder; and taking him towards the watchhouse, he threw the bag down, and ran from me. I picked the bag up, and took care of the bag and the property. He made his escape. I afterwards took him in his master's stable; I broke open the door. That was on the 2nd of May, the same night, about an hour and a half after. I conveyed him to the Counter. Coming along, he told me it was not his fault. I told him, if anybody was implicated with him, he had better tell me, it might be of service to him. In consequence of his information, the next morning I apprehended the prisoner Powell. I went to Powell's masters house, Messrs. Smith and White, linen-draper's, in a court in Bow-lane; he is their porter. I took him in custody; and when he came to the Compter, he wished to retire. I then immediately searched him; in his pocket I found this book, and some other papers. Powell then requested that he might send somebody to his wife. I told him I should go up to his house, and I would tell her the situation he was in.
Q. Did you search any apartment of Powell's - A. I did; I went into the room, and said, does Powell live here; she said, yes, he does, I am his wife. I then began to search. She was very much alarmed. In Powell's apartment, I found underneath the bed in the back room, this basket, which contained ten pounds weight of thread, half a pound of raven-grey silk, and two dozen pieces of tape. I examined the thread; it corresponded with the thread that Fulwell described. On the Monday night he said he had caried that thread to Powell; and he told me that he had carried thread three times the week before to Powell. I brought it away in the basket. I took the basket to the Compter; Powell owned the basket; he said the goods were brought to him under the idea of their being bought at a sale.



                  JOHN 
                  WELFORD
               



            . I live at 60, Aldermanbury; I am a wholesale haberdasher
. My stock is so large I believe if I was to lose ten times the quantity that is found I should not be able to miss them, without taking stock. Fulwell was my porter
. I was present when White took the memorandum-book out of Powell's pocket in the Poultry Compter.
Q. Are there any entries in that book - A. There are; they have a reference to the articles in this basket, as far as it goes; it does not go to the full extent.
Q. Read them - A. On one side is
"received, two pounds of black, two pounds of whity-brown, two pounds of drab, one pound of white, and one pound of mixed colours:" on the other side is,
"S L D, two pounds of black, one pound of drab, one pound of whity-brown, one pound of coloured, and one pound mixed." They are each of them the description of articles that I deal in.
Q. What is the value of the thread found in Powell's possession - A. About two pounds, and the silk twenty shillings. Before the Alderman, Powell said the person who had left them at his house was an entire stranger to him.
Fulwell said nothing in his defence.
Powell's Defence. After the property was brought to my house, I understood it was bought at a sale. Fulwell brought them to me, and asked me if I would let him leave a parcel a day or two, until he called for it.
Powell called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
FULWELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
POWELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
