





537. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of March
, two coach glasses, value 5 l. and two laced strings, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Frances Elizabeth 
                     Sampryo
                  




               
            , widow.


                  JOHN 
                  DOYLE
               



            . On my going through Covent garden market


 at half past eleven on the 11th of March, I saw the prisoner leaning over a stall board, he rose from the place, and passed me, I went immediately to the place, and found one coach glass and frame, in about three or four minutes the prisoner came again, I had removed the glass from where it was, into a fruiterers shop. I took the prisoner into custody, I took him to the watchhouse, the watch man returned with me to the same stall board and with the assistance of his lanthorn, in the same place we found another coach glass, the strings were cut compleatly off the frame; I left the two coach glasses in the custody of the watchhouse keeper.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am the watchhouse keeper, Doyle brought a coach glass and the prisoner to me, I took a lanthorn, and went to the place he directed me, and found the other coach glass.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . On the 11th of March, I left my mistress at her own house at eleven o'clock at night, I went to take two gentleman up from the play. I was stopped in Bow-street, ten minutes by the number of carriages. I then perceived the glasses had been taken out of the carriage; I have seen the glasses again, they are here, I know them to be the glasses belonging to my mistress's coach; they are worth five pounds.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
