





315. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of March
, 2 silver table spoons, value 1 l. 4 s. nine yards of Irish linen, value 1 l. 16 s. and 10 muslin handkerchiefs, value 1 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Fisher Bell
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Fisher Bell
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  FISHER BELL
               



            . I live at 39 Oxford-street


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Fisher Bell
               



            , we rent the whole house together, we are linen drapers

, the house is in the parish of St. Marylebone


. The prisoner was our porter, he was with me altogether about three weeks. We missed the spoons after the third day he came into the house, we never missed the linen or the handkerchiefs at all. In consequence of information from the servant maid I went up stairs, the prisoner's box stood on the landing-place, the prisoner went up stairs, and Mr. Percival with me, I opened his box in his presence, I immediately discovered nine yards of Irish linen, it was cut in a very aukward manner, the outside shop mark was cut off; I found a number of pieces of muslin cut into square handkerchiefs, I think there were ten, there were no marks upon them; I also found a silver table spoon broke in two, the other spoon was not found till after the prisoner was taken in custody, the broken spoon I found in the prisoner's box, it was an old family spoon with my father and mother's initials upon it; I have not the smallest doubt of it being my spoon. The prisoner used to clean the plate, he had been repeatedly asked whether he had taken them down with the knives, he always protested that he never had; I asked him how he came by the Irish cloth, he said that he had purchased it of Mr. Stary, his late employer; Mr. Stary is a wholesale linen draper. I told him it was too fine for his wear, and in the next place I did not believe he sold any article of that kind; he repeated that he got it from Mr. Stary, and the muslin handkerchiefs he brought out of the country.

Q. 
            Did they appear to have been worn - A. Never, it was quite new. The broken spoon he was at a loss to account for. I asked him about the other spoon that was missing, he said he never saw it. I told him I meant to be lenient.

Q. 
            Then you must not say any more what he said. You do not take servants without a good character. - A. Never, I had a good character with him.


                  ANN 
                  PUGH
               



            . Q. Did you live in the service of Mr. Bell at this time - A. Yes.
Q. You recollect the time when the prisoner's box was searched - A. Yes.
Q. How long before that had there been any spoon missing. - A. Near three weeks, I asked the prisoner whether he had taken them by a mistake of any kind, he said he had not.
Q. The box stood on the landing-place, all the servants had access to it. - A. No one had been there but me from the time that he left the key in the shop, that was about an hour before it was discovered; I knew it by going up to the sink; I looked in the prisoner's box before he came up, the first thing I saw was the table spoon broken in two with my master's father's name on it; I knew the spoon from using it, the spoon was in a bit of paper on the top part of the box, I saw the linen and muslin there, I informed my master.
MR. ALLEY. You had the curiosity to look in the box, you expected to find a Valentine there. - A. Yes.
Mr. Percival. Q. You are in the employment of Messrs. Bells - Yes.
Q. Did you go up when the prisoner was charged with this - A. Yes, I went up stairs, the prisoner's box was opened; on opening the box we first discovered the spoon, the prisoner was present; in turning up his clothes in his box we found nine yards of Irish linen, the outside mark was cut off. When we have got a whole piece of cloth, and a person does not take the whole piece, we put a pencil mark.
Q. Did you then find on any part of these pieces of cloth your own mark - A. I did, at one end of it. It was cut into a yard, two yards, and two yards and a half, to elude detection; I know my own mark.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am a constable. When I apprehended the prisoner nothing passed on my opening the box, only he denying that it was his master's property. He was questioned about the spoon, he said he hoped his master would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the spoon.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
