






1533. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October

, 3lbs. of sugar, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smith
               



             and 
               
                  John Humphrey 
                  Donaldson
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOHN WARD

               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been feloniously stolen
            .
JOSEPH SMITH. I am a sugar-refiner

, in partnership with J. H. Donaldson, we live in Deal-street, Mile-end New-town



; the prisoner, Ross, worked in our warehouse; I took him out of the poor-house - He had 11s., a-week board wages, and slept in the factory. I went out of town, and gave Bernsback directions to watch him.
MARTIN BERNSBACK. I am servant in the house, and received directions to watch the prisoner. On the 12th of October, I saw him take three pieces of lump sugar from the warehouse; I went to his bed-room to search and found it in his hat under his bed. I am sure it was his hat; Barnard Daters slept there with him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. We all had keys of the room. It was taken at different times.


                  BARNARD 
                  DATERS
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutors. On the 12th of October, I saw the sugar in the prisoner's hat in his bed-room-it was lump sugar and worth 11d. it was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning; I first found it and shewed it to the last witness. About an hour afterwards I saw him take it out of his hat, put it in his pocket, and leave the premises. I said nothing to him.
SAMUEL DOBSON. I am an headborough. I was sent for on the 12th of October, at eight o'clock, and watched the prisoner out of the premises; I missed him and went home. In about an hour after I was sent for, and found him in the custody of White, and took him to the watchhouse; his master came in and charged him with stealing the sugar - He told one of the men that he took it out of the copper. I found some sugar-dust in his pocket - He said he sold the sugar to a person of the name of Ward; I took him to Ward's house, and found Ward there; I asked him where the sugar was that the man brought that morning - He brought out about one pound and three ounces of moist, and twelve ounces of lump; he said he gave 6d. for it. I found two pounds of sugar on the premises - He said he bought it all of the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a headborough. I stopped the prisoner, Ross, by Smith's directions, and found some sugar-dust on him - We took him to Ward's, where we found the sugar.
ROSS'S Defence. It was the scrapings of the hogsheads, and waste of the loaves. I told Ward they were my perquisites.
ROSS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARD-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               J. 
            Vaillant, Esq.
