





529. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     OAKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 40 lbs. of beef, value 20 s.; one glass bottle, value 3 d.; one quart of elder wine, value 1 s.; two 2 l. bank notes, and 10 s. in monies numbered, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Hanson
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Davis
                        



                     
                  ; one basket, value 1 s., the goods of the said 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Hanson
                     



                  ; one handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d., and one basket, value 5 s.
            , the goods of the said 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hanson, who lives in Botolph-lane. I put 40 lbs. of beef into a basket, to go to Walthamstow - I also put a small basket in which Miss Davis gave me. I afterwards took them to the White Horse, London-wall, and put them into the box behind Mr. Hanson's chaise. When the prisoner was taken I saw the same basket and beef in Paternoster-row.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HANSON
               



            . I live in Botolph-lane, and have a farm

 at Walthamstow, in partnership with Miss Davis - the beef is our's.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 26th of February, I gave 
               Collins
             a small basket, which contained two 2 l. bank notes and some silver, which belonged to us both - there was also a bottle of elder wine in the basket. When I got to Walthamstow Church I found the box forced open, and the things taken out. Every thing was safe at half-past seven o'clock, when I left the inn.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am superintendant of the watch, of Christ Church, Middlesex. On the 23d of April, about ten minutes past seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and another man at the corner of a court in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields, looking over a basket, as I thought, to see what it contained. I followed them about four hundred yards into Crispin-street, Paternoster-row, and asked Oakey what he had got there? I took him to a public-house, and asked him how he came by the things? he said he bought them of a man for 10 s. as he returned from Smithfield - it contained the beef, wine, and handkerchief. I collared him, and took him to the watch-house. He put up his fist, cut me across the eye, and said he would go no further - I secured him at last; he made a great resistance.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Smithfield, and bought the things for 10 s. The constable would not show me his authority, and so I resisted.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
