





727. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MADDOX
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, fifteen bare skins, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               Henry Bacon Hall

            , 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Holmes
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Hall
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLSTON
               



            . I am a labourer to Messrs. Hall. On the 4th of August, I saw the prisoner cutting a bale of skins on the wharf; the tarpaulin over the bale was removed of one side. I went and told Mr. Hall.


                  JAMES 
                  CROSLEY
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Hall; the names of the partners are Henry Bacon Hall, John Henry Holmes, and William they are warfingers


, in Thames-street. On the th of August, the last witness informed me there was a man by my masters goods. I saw the prisoner lay hold of one of the bales, and some of the skins were gone. I called my master; I told him I had suspicion he had some of the skins. He came, and found some in his trowsers and some in his hut.
HENRY BACON HALL. My man called me. I found the prisoner at Billingsgate; on examining him, I found eleven skins in his breeches, and four in his hat.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody. I produce the skins.
Prosecutor. The skins are my property, I counted the skins in the bale, these were taken out; there were eighteen short.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by the East India Company to play the engine at the fire; that is where I picked up these skins among the straw. I delivered the skins up, and then they sent for an officer.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
