





862. 
               
                  BARNET 
                  LEVI
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, a watch, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Monk
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  MONK
               



            . I am a waterman
. On the 25th of August last, between the hours of four and five in the afternoon, I went into Newgate


; I am sure my watch was safe when I went in. When I got about a yard from the gate going in, the prisoner at the bar came up to me, and took my watch out of my pocket; he gave it a snatch; it had a black ribbon to it; he handed it to someone else. I immediately collard him, and gave an alarm. The watch was recovered in about half an hour.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  LAURENCE
               



            . I saw what the last witness has stated; I went in with the last witness.
MR. JOHN ADDISON NEWMAN. I am the keeper of Newgate. The prisoner at the bar was confined in Newgate on the 25th of 
               August.
             I did not see Monk come into the gaol; the first I heard of it was that a visitor had been robbed, and in consequence of that, I came to the gates, and Monk seized the prisoner, and one of the principal turnkeys assisted in bringing him out. The watch was afterwards handed through the rai1s.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am one of the turnkeys of Newgate. Monk come in to see a friend that was in confinement, as soon as I let him in, he had a bason with some meat in it. I examined it and let him go through; as soon as he got in, he was immediately shoved against, by this Levi, and Monk directly put up his hand, and caught hold of him. I directly said to the gatesman, bring him through, what is the matter. Monk instantly complained of having lost his watch, and the gatesman brought the prisoner between gates to me. I had observed the ribbon hanging out of the prosecutor's pocket when I was examining the meat. In about twenty minutes or half an hour, the watch was found.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in the yard close by this young man when he missed his watch, and he caught hold of me, and said I had stolen it; Mr. Davis immediately searched me, and there was nothing found on me.
(The prisoner called two prisoners from the Goal, to prove he had not stolen the watch, and they declared they knew nothing at all about it.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
