





181. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, five books, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maynard
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MAYNARD
               



             I am a bookseller
; I live in Panton-street, in the Haymarket


. About the 9th of this month, between five and seven in the evening, a pane of glass in my shop window was cut, and part of Knox's Essays were taken out; I missed them in the morning, when I took the shutters down; I made it known to the booksellers in general that I had lost the books. I received information that some were offered at a shop in Drury-lane that corresponded with mine. I went and found that they were mine.
Q. Did you find all that you lost - A. No; I lost twenty-six volumes of Knox's British Essays out of five-and-forty; I signified to the party, that if any body brought the remaining part to stop them; so he did on Friday last.
Q. You do not know who took him - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a bookseller. On the 9th or 10th of this month, the prisoner offered me three or four books for sale; I asked whose they were; she said they belonged to a gentleman that was gone abroad; he had mispacked his things, and what few things were left were theirs. I bought the books, and placed them in the window.
Q. What did you give for them - A. Three shillings. Mr. Laycock, a bookseller, came in and informed me, that I had three or four books in my windows that were stolen from a bookseller in Panton-street in the evening. Mr. Maynard came in and brought the books that corresponded with them four books I bought, and the other the prisoner brought on the Friday following. I was not at home. The witness Latham took the book in. I came in soon after; he told me the prisoner had left the book, and was to call in half an hour. I went to Mr. Maynard, and informed him. These are the volumes she brought to me the first time.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman that brought them the first time - A. Yes.
Mr. LATHAM. This day week the prisoner came to our house with an odd volume; Mr. Reynolds and the prosecutor took her to the watch-house.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had them of my son; he was to pay so much a week for them. I was distressed; I sold them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
