





718. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of September
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Ogle
                     



                   Simpson, widow, a coat, value 3 l. a pair of trowsers, value 30 s. two pounds fifteen shillings in monies numbered, a 15 l. bank note, a 5 l. bank note, a 2 l. bank note, and five 1 l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Hogg
                  




               
            .
DAVID HOGG. Q. Who is your mistress - A 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ogle
               



             Simpson; she is a baker; she lives in Stanhope-street, Clare-market.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes; he lived in her service about twelve months ago. On the 3rd of September, I missed a black coat, a pair of grey trowsers, a fifteen-pound note, a five-pound note, a two-pound note, and five one-pound bank notes. These things were put in my box; my box was at the top of the house; the bake-house was in the lower floor. I missed the property on the 3rd of September, about eleven o'clock. In consequence of that, I traced out the prisoner; I suspected him. I had seen the prisoner about two months before that, at my mistress' house. I traced out the prisoner at the Edenburgh Castle public-house, at Wapping; I found that he had lodged there on Saturday and Sunday night.
Q. What day was the 3rd of September - A. That was Saturday. I enquired if he was at home; they expected him soon. I waited, and in about half an hour, he came in. I told him he was the man I wanted; (however, in the mean time, I sent a young woman down, to the Thames Police office, for an officer.) When he came in, he was without his hat. When I asked to speak to him, he wanted to go out of the room; I kept the prisoner in the room. The officer came, his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Dyeball
               



            . I delivered the prisoner to him; he took him into custody. We searched him, and found nothing on him. As we went over Hermitage-bridge, the prisoner jumped into the water; there was a boat there that took him up again. Then Dyeball took him again, and brought him before the magistrate.
Q Have you got your property again - A. No. Part of it is in the constable's hands.
DAVID GALL. I am a baker. I lived in the place before 
               
                  Henry 
                  Clark
               



             went away. He happened to come to my house on the Saturday.
Q. Do you happen to know what day of the month it was - A. No. The prisoner was apprehended on the Monday; it was the Saturday before he was apprehended. He came in for his box; he was very much intoxicated. A friend of his seeing him have a great deal of money, advised him to give it me to keep for him; he gave me a fifteen-pound note, a five-pound note, and five one-pound notes. Then I helped him down with his chest, and put it into the coach. I went with him to the Edinburgh Castle; we put the box down there. His sister came there; I gave her the money at the Edinburgh Castle; I gave to his sister twenty-one pounds eleven shillings and sixpence; a fifteen-pound note, a five-pound note, a one-pound note, and eleven shilling and sixpence in silver. The rest he paid to a young man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYEBALL
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for; I went to the Edinburgh Castle. 
               
                  David 
                  Hogg
               



             delivered the prisoner into my charge. I told the prisoner I must search him; which I did, and found nothing. I told him he must go with me to the office; he rather refused. I asked him if he had any clothes there that belonged to him besides what he had got on; he said none but what he stood up in. In taking him to the office, he tried to make his escape, by jumping over the rails into the water; he turned himself on his back, and swam like a cork: he was taken up by a boatman. I got him again, and I took him to the office, and went back and enquired if he had any box there; they readily told me he had, and pointed it out. The box is now in court. My brother officer and I searched the box. In the box we found this coat, and these trowsers. 
               
                  David 
                  Hogg
               



             said they were his property.
Q. to 
               
                  David 
                  Gall
               



            . Look at that box - A. It is the same box that I helped him with.
Dyeball. We then proceeded to the office. I left Smith to wait for the sister; they told us the sister was sent for.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Dyeball to the Edinburgh Castle. I waited for the return of the prisoner's sister; she came in company with her husband. I informed her the situation of her brother, and requested to know if she had received any money of him; her husband answered, we have received three bank notes of him. The sister pulled them out, and shewed me two bank notes, not the third; one is a fifteen-pound bank note, theother a five-pound bank note; these are them; I received them of the sister; I have had them in my possession ever since. The other was a one pound note they had broke into. They likewise acknowledged that they had received eleven shillings and sixpence in silver.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that coat and trowsers - A. The trowsers and coat I am quite clear are my property. The fifteen pound note produced by Mr. Smith; and the five pound note, are part of the property I had in my box. I know them by my handwriting being upon them.
GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
