







696. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CREW
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GURNEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREENWOOD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 60lbs. of silk, value 130l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Desanges
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Desanges
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Desanges
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  DESANGES
               



            . I am in partnership with Isabella and 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Desanges
               



             - We are silk-dyers


, living in Spitalfields


. The prisoner, Crew, was our servant


. On the 4th of February, he was employed in the yard, in the front of the house; the time for his leaving work, was half-past six o'clock, that evening. A man of the name of Rose was employed in the yard with him. Lougham and Kiebird were employed in the loft, as stove-men, to hang the skein-silk to dry. There is a passage from the yard leadingto the loft. On the left, there is a door which leads out of the loft on to the lead-flat of my premises, and then communicates to Mr. Prior's roof, on the same level. After you pass Prior's house, there is an open stone-yard, belonging to Mr. Goudge. The door which leads out of the loft on to the lead-flat, is always bolted with four bolts, and locked inside, when the men leave work. There is no means of opening it from outside. On the 4th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, Allen told me we had been robbed. I immediately went to Crew, and found him at work in the yard - I asked him if he had seen any body come into or go out of the dyehouse, as they must have passed him, if they had; he said, no one had passed either one way or the other. This was about seven o'clock in the evening, when the men had returned from lunch. The men went to lunch about twenty minutes before six o'clock. I went through the dye-house, at four o'clock, and did not see any rat-trap there then. Bird was taken up for the robbery a few days after. I had particularly asked Crew if he had left the yard at all - He said he had not. The distance from his station to the door was about fifty yards; any body could go, and return in less than a minute. In going to it, he must pass the spot where the rat-trap and water butt stand. He was asked if he had been to the place where the tub was, which is close by the stairs-he said he had not. I went over the premises and the roof, and am of opinion, that the premises could not have been entered from without. The value of the silk was 150l.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. There is a watchman at the gate always-it was not Crew's place to set the rattrap - He said he had not been near it.
WILLIAM LOUGHAM. I am servant to Messrs. Desanges. On the 4th of February, I was drying silk. The prisoner, Crew, was taking up the boiling, in the yard, about twenty minutes before six o'clock, when I left the yard. Crew and Rose were both together in the yard. Kiebird went out with me. The man who attends the boiling ought to stay by the copper. We had just come from the loft as we went out. The door was bolted, with one bolt, inside, when we left, and the silk all safe. I came back ten minutes before seven, and was the first man that came back. I went up to the loft, and found all the skeins of silk that I had left there hanging to dry, gone. The door was unbolted-it opened on to the leads-it could not have been opened from the outside. I traced footsteps from the roof, coming as from over Prior's premises towards the door: they were gravel marks; two tiles were broken. The other part of the tiling goes to Mr. Goudge's yard. There is gravel in his yard. I could plainly see, that the person who came over the leads, must have come over from Goudge's yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIEBIRD
               



            . I was working in the loft, with Lougham. I went to lunch, at twenty minutes after six o'clock in the evening, with him, and returned five minutes before seven o'clock, after him. The prisoner was gone. I bolted the door the last thing before we left the loft. Nobody could get into the loft without being let in from within. I went on to Prior's roof; the tiling was broke. A man could get upon the roof of Prior's premises from Goudge's yard, and from there upon the lead-flat where the door was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Desanges. On the evening of the 4th of February, the prisoner, Crew, said he particularly wished to stop at the boiler, as he wanted to go out the next day; it was not his turn. The men went to lunch at six o'clock, and I stopped till a quarter after. The prisoner, Crew, and Rose also stopped. I went to tea, and left them in the yard at work at the bat - They had no business to leave work till I returned. I returned in less than half an hour, and found him and Rose at the bat as I left them. In about ten minutes, Lougham told me of the robbery. I went up with him, and missed the property stolen-it was worth 150l. - it was unfinished silk, and the door was open. A person could get from Mr. Goudge's stoneyard on to Prior's roof, and get on to our lead-flat; if the door was bolted they could not get into the loft. Crew did take a holliday the next morning.
Cross-examined. It was Crew's duty to stop at the boiler. A man could not go through the yard to the loft, without his seeing him. There were no persons in the yard but Crew and Rose.


                  MICHAEL 
                  QUINLAND
               



            . I am a paviour, and live in Parker's-lane, Bloomsbury, I work in Mr. Goudge's yard. Before I heard of this robbery some men came into the yard, and asked me for some gravel for their birds-there was some in the yard. I referred them to my master, the prisoner, Gurney, is very much like one of them, but I will not swear to him. There were stones piled up against the wall.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am in Mr. Goudge's employ. I know the prisoner, Crew, I have worked with him. On the Monday before the robbery. I saw him and another man come into the yard, and speak to Quinland; to the best of my knowledge it was Gurney. I went to speak to Crew, and missed him from the gravel for ten minutes, and thought he was gone; there were two great heaps of stones in the yard - They went behind the stones; I saw them go out of the yard afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . On the 4th of February I was working at Messrs. Desanges's, in the yard with Crew, the men went across the yard to lunch about six o'clock, about five minutes after they were gone Crew left me; he did not say any thing when he went away. I then went to lunch, stopped about eight minutes, and returned again, and found he had returned to the yard; he said he had been to fetch some things for his father to scour; he also said he had, set the rat-trap, which was on the stairs leading to the loft by the water-tub - He had no occasion to go so far as the rat-trap to do what he told me; the place where the trap was set is in the direct way to the loft.
Cross-examined. He had leave to scour his jackets.


                  MATHEW 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I am a dyer at Mr. Desanges. I was crossing opposite the dye-house door, and saw the men go to lunch - I never go to lunch. - I saw the rattrap all day, standing at the bottom of the stairs. After the men went to lunch I saw Crew run across to the rattrap, which was at the bottom of the stairs, leading to the loft - He was out of my sight there, and could have gone up stairs to the door without my seeing him. After the robbery was discovered, he came to me, and said he wondered what was the matter, and that he just been setting the rat-trap.

Cross-examined. I am sure the trap was set all day-there were no rats caught that day.


                  LEWIS 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a silk-weaver, and live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. I frequent the Jolly Weavers, public-house; I was there in February last, the prisoner, Crew, was there, I knew him, he was drinking with Toby and Brown; Crew asked me to drink, and I drank some egghot with him; he got from his seat, leaned over, and whispered to me that there was a robbery going to be committed, and asked me to be in it. He told me to come down on Tuesday night to the Castle, in Long-alley(this was the day before the robbery), to meet the parties, at seven o'clock. I did not go. I saw him on Wednesday morning, unloading the cart with the man; he said the robbery was done and safe away, and told me to go to the Jolly Weavers, and he would be with me in a few minutes; I went and waited sometime - He did not come - I left; he told me what a fool I was, for I might have have had 1l. or 2l. if I had come down to him; this was while he was unloading the cart. When he proposed the robbery, he said, we were to go into the stone-yard by Messrs. Desanges, and he would bring the silk out; he asked me if I knew any person that would take it? I said I did not.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I was tried at Kent, two years ago, for a burglary, and have now come from the House of Correction. I have been tried here for stealing a watch.
Q. How long since was you at the Mansion-house, about cotton stealing - A. About four months ago. There were several people in the public-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



             re-examined. The morning after the robbery a cart was unloading at the gate, and Crew was helping.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOSS
               



            . I keep the Jolly Weavers, in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields. Crew sometimes came to my house; he was there the night before the robbery, so was Bird, at the same time, Toby, and another man, named Brown. I saw Crew and Bird speaking together; he handed his cup over to Bird to drink.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



             re-examined. On the morning after the robbery there were three carts unloading at the gate, and Crew assisted. I knew Bird, and saw him speaking to Crew there; shortly afterwards I saw Bird go into the Jolly Weavers.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of February I had some conversation with Bird - He was taken into custody; Crew was taken on the 6th of Februar; before that I had apprehended Gurney, at a public-house in Angel-alley. After Crew was taken he sent for me to the House of Correction, on the 20th of February-Bird had disclosed the robbery before. Crew said, it was a pity that innocent people should be in custody. I told him whatever he told me I should tell the magistrate. I held him out no promise or threat; but said it would be against him; he asked me if I knew 
               
                  Jack 
                  Gurney
               



            , I said, "very well;" he said, Gurney and I planned the robbery at the Castle, in Long-alley; and it was Gurney and I that was in the stone-yard getting gravel, and that he unbolted the door and let Gurney, in and that no other person was concerned in it. I asked him if he knew where the silk went to? he said, no, for he had not seen Gurney since, and had never received one shilling of the property; he also told me where to find Gurney, and I took him that day, by his information, and told him that I took him for the robbery of Desanges' silk - He said he knew nothing about it. I asked him if he did not know 
               
                  George 
                  Crew
               



            , who worked for Messrs. Desanges, in Wheeler-street; he said, no. I asked him if he was not in the stone-yard with Crew, he said, no. I have examined the premises-the robbery must have been committed by the door being opened within side.
Cross-examined. Crew did not tell me he would do any thing to get out of the cell he was confined in, and ask me to get him out; he said it was a pity innocent people should be charged with the robbery, meaning Brown and Toby, who were in custody.


                  ELIZA 
                  GRAVES
               



            . I keep the sign of the George, in Angel-alley, Bishopsgate-street; I knew the prisoner, Crew; I also knew Gurney, he lodged at my house a year and a half; Crew brought a bundle to my house a fortnight before I heard of the robbery. I heard of the robbery a fortnight after it was committed. I put the bundle in the bar-it was about a fortnight before the 13th of February; the bundle was tied in a blue apron, and was of the bulk of a suit of clothes. I had seen them together before this. Gurney fetched the bundle away, and Crew came afterwards to inquire for it - I told him Gurney had fetched it away. When Gurney came for it, he asked if a young man (a dyer) had left a bundle at my house. I told him he had. Crew only asked me to take it in; he did not tell me who to give it to. Crew said, I should not have given the bundle without his order. I told him I thought it was right, as I had known Gurney a long while. I never saw them together afterwards.
Q. Will you swear that - A. Yes.
Q. Have you any reason to know what were the contents of that bundle - A. No. I was examined before the magistrate.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GRAVES
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Graves
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Crew, on a Tuesday or Wednesday, at the bar-door with a bundle-it was after my mother had laid in, which was on the 13th of February. It was tied up in a blue apron. I do not know who took it away.
Q. Do you remember what you told the justice? On the oath you have taken, who fetched it away - A. I do not know. Gurney fetched it away. The bundle was left about a week before my mother was brought to bed.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I keep the sign of the Castle, in Longalley; the prisoner, Gurney, frequented my house for about a fortnight before the robbery, and Crew came there for about a week before. I saw them in conversation together one Sunday night. Greenwood was with them, and several others.


                  DANIEL 
                  SCAVINGTON
               



            . I am a weaver, and use the Jolly Weavers. I almost live there. I remember Crew coming there the night after the robbery - He enquired for Bird, and somebody said, he had not been there that night. He went away. I saw Bird there the next morning, and told him Crew had been to enquire for him. He went out, and said he would see what he wanted. On the day before the robbery I was there-Crew was in the box with some other men, Bird came in, and sat in the next box to them. Crew asked him to drink-they were drinking egg-hot.

CREW'S Defence. What I said was to get myself out of confinement.
GURNEY'S Defence. I gave Crew two pair of trowsers to scour, and told him to leave them at the George. I went there and got them.
CREW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
GURNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GREENWOOD-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
