





284. 
               
                  NOWARDIN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of January
, sixteen pair of trowsers, value 32 s. sixteen shirts value 32 s. two brass pots, value 4 s. one hundred and forty pounds weight of spice, value 10 s. and a 5 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  Mahomet 
                  Casmet
               




            .
MAHOMET CASMET. I am a boatswain
.
Q. Did you lose your property - A. Yes, on the 27th of January, from the East India Company barracks


. I lost sixteen pair of trowsers, sixteen shirts, two brass pots, and about an hundred pounds weight of spice; I lost it out of my chest; the chest was taken away from my room, and broken open; I had seen my chest at ten o'clock safe before I went out. I was out of the barraks at the time it happened.
ALBIAN GOSE. Q. Where you in the barracks at the time of this robbery - A. Yes, on Saturday night, the prisoner went to Casmet's room, he asked for the prosecutors boy, the boy that had the care of the key of the chest, he did not find the boy. The prisoner drew the chest out of the prosecutor's room while the four other Arabs pushed it in his own room.
Q. Is the prosecutor an Arab - A. No, he is not.
MATALO. The prisoner came into the room, he asked for the serangs boy, the serangs boy not being found, he asked where the chest was; he found the chest, and sent for four men to assist him taking the trunk.
WESSE. Q. What do you know of this matter - A. I saw the prisoner come and enquire for the prosecutor's boy, saying what he would do with the chest.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I only know of apprehending the prisoner, he absconded four days; I was in pursuit of him four days.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the barracks at the time. I know nothing of the transaction; the witnesses and the prosecutor have a spite against me, and they have brought me to this bar.


                  MARIA 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I live with the prisoner in Cornwall-street; he was at home on that Saturday night by eleven o'clock.
COURT. Q. to Whesse. What time of the night did he come to the barracks - A. After the gates were shut, the gates are never shut until after twelve o'clock at night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
