






1379. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     REAVELY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MANSFIELD
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 4lbs. of lead, value 1s., and one brass cock, value 2s., belonging to 
                     
                        William 
                        Tankard
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TANKARD
               



            . I live at No. 1, Dean's-place, Somers'-town, St. Pancras


, and keep the house. On the 26th of June, in the morning, I lost a brass cock and a piece of leaden pipe, which were fixed to my dwelling-house.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am watchman of Mornington-place. On the 26th of June, between four and five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners go up Mr. Rhodes's field, with a bundle in their hands, which they put into a ditch, and then got into the ditch themselves. Pretlove and I went and took them. They said they had found a prize. There was a bundle of wet linen, some lead, and a brass cock laid between them. I saw them shift the bundles from one to the other, as they appeared heavy.
DAVID PRETLOVE. I am a watchman. I went with Dean, and found the prisoners in a ditch, One of them had his breeches down; just opposite to him was a quantity of leaden pipe. I tied up the lead. I turned aside, saw the bundle of linen, and took them to the watchhouse.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
REAVELY'S Defence. I was going to bathe, and found the lead in a ditch.
REARLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MANSFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
