





799. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, a watch, value 3 l. a seal, value 1 l. and a watch key, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a smith
. On the 20th of June I lost my watch, between eleven and twelve at night. I was the worse for liquor. I had my watch safe at eleven o'clock. I met the prisoner in Drury-lane; I went with her to her house in Parker's-street


. As soon as I went into her room she asked me to give her something to drink. I gave her a three-shilling piece. After she went out I had my watch, and before she returned I fell asleep. The first thing when I awoke I missed my watch. The prisoner was in the room. I charged her with taking my watch; she denied it. The watchman was going by. I called the watchman in. The watchman saw the prisoner pull the watch out of her pocket. He took it from her in my presence.


                  JOHN 
                  READING
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor asked the prisoner for his watch. She took the watch out of her pocket. I seized her right hand and with difficulty I got the watch from her.


                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am the watchhouse-keeper. The prisoner was delivered to my charge for having robbed Newman of his watch. The prisoner pretended that she took it out of a joke. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. It is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. The watchman snatched the watch out of my hand. The prosecutor did not wish to hurt me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
