





129. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HORTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, one watch, value 30s.; one chain, value 1s.; one seal, value 1s. 6d.; and one key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David Joseph 
                           Morrice
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DAVID 
                  JOSEPH MORRICE
               



            . I am a Major-General
. On the 2d of December, between six and seven o'clock, I was in the Hackney-road


, near Cooper's-gardens; a young man, in a jacket, run against me, and said, "God bless me, is it you?" I immediately felt a hand at my fob-on his leaving me I missed my watch; he ran down Cooper's-gardens - I followed him, crying "Stop thief!" When I came to a turning I lost sight of him for two or three minutes. Armstrong took the prisoner - I will not swear that he is the man; I only lost sight of him while he was turning the corner - I believe him to be the man. My watch was found about half-past nine o'clock.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PERCIVAL
               



            . I was standing in an entry down Cooper's-gardens, and heard the prosecutor call out Stop thief; I immediately stepped out, and saw the prisoner running by - I ran after him about twenty yards; when I got up to him I found him in Cole's custody. I am sure that he is the man that I saw running.
WILLIAM COLE. I was standing in my garden, in Cooper's-gardens, and heard the cry-the prisoner was running as fast as he could; when he came up to me I stopped him; the prosecutor was following him; no person had run by before or after the prisoner, until the prosecutor came up.
EDWARD MARSHALL. I was in the garden, and heard the cry - I pursued, the prisoner ran close to me - I and Cole stopped him.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the office. After he was committed, I went to Cooper's-gardens, and found the watch close to where he was stopped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry; I heard somebody say, "Come this way;" I ran to the voice, and they stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
