





1007. 
               
                  
                     ANTONIO 
                     JOSEPH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Byers
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 27th of June
, and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one purse, value 2s.; two 3s. and one 1s. 6d. bank tokens, and a 1l. bank note
            , his property.
WILLIAM BYERS. I am a mariner
, and live in James-street, Shadwell. On the 27th of June, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I had been into a clothes shop in Rosemary-lane


, the prisoner, and three others, were on the outside, looking at the clothes. I came out and got about twenty yards from the door, the prisoner laid hold of my arms, pinioned me, and pushed me against the wall, while the others took my purse out of my pocket. I laid hold of him, he made off with the rest, I ran after them, and secured him, he said it was not him, but that the others had got my purse, and shewed me which way they were gone. I went after them, and left him with the crowd, but could not catch them; when I returned I found the prisoner had got away. I ran after him, secured him, and gave him in charge. I am sure he is the man.
NATHANIEL NUTT. I live in Old Gravel-lane. On the 27th of June, I saw Byers come out of the shop, he pulled his purse out to count his money, and put it into his pocket again; the prisoner took hold of his trowsers and pushed him against the wall, when another man took the money out; there were three others with him-they ran away. Byers caught the prisoner, he said it was not him; Byers let him go, to run after the others. He caught him again. I am sure he is the man.
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
