





260. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, nine shirts, value 5 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Burroughs
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Burroughs
                        



.


                  ELIZA 
                  BURROUGHS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Burroughs
               



            . who is a carpenter
. On the 22d of December, at two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Brick-lane, Spitalfields


,with nine shirts in a bundle under my arm. They were snatched from me from behind by the prisoner and another man who was with him. As they pulled the bundle away, it came open; one got part, and the other got the rest. I followed them down Playhouse-yard calling, stop thief! When I got some distance, I found six of them on the ground, and the prisoner secured.


                  JANE 
                  DYER
               



            . I was in Brick-lane, and saw two men coming towards me; the prisoner snatched the bundle from the prosecutrix; the other man picked up three shirts, which he dropped - they ran away - I am sure he is the man, he pushed me away, and took the bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  MASTERMAN
               



            . On the 22d of December I was returning from dinner - it was a foggy day; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner and another running with something under his arm; I seized the prisoner - he dropped the shirts; Burroughs came up, and gave him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was running with the woman, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
