





136. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CARRINGTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, eighteen yards of ribbon, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Whiffen
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHIFFEN
               



            . I am a widow
; I live at No. 10, Leather-lane, Holborn


; I keep a haberdasher's shop
. On last Monday afternoon about four o'clock, two women came into the shop and asked to look at some ribbons. I took out the box, and they took up some ribbons to look at. The prisoner came in, he asked to look at some ribbons. He stood close by the women, put his hand over the box, took out a piece of satin ribbon, and was putting it into his pocket; I said you have got a piece of ribbon; he put it back again, and immediately took up a piece of broad sarsenett ribbon,and ran out of the shop immediately, and the women after him.
Q. What quantity of it was there - A. About eighteen yards, worth nine shillings, it cost me more. I ran to the door after him; my brother was coming up to the door at the time; his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Whiffen
               



            . I told him; he pursued the prisoner, and brought him back; the women made off. 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



             assisted in bringing the prisoner back to the shop; James Taylor staid in the shop with the prisoner. My brother went for an officer; the prisoner was searched.
Q. Did you see any ribbon found upon him - A. No, he was seen to have dropped it in the shop, the officer picked it up.
JAMES TAYLOR. I and the prosecutrix's brother-in-law were coming from the timber yard with a deal, a piece on our shoulders, when we came to the door, Mrs. Whiffen said, brother, that man has got a piece of ribbon from me; we put down our deals, pursued the prisoner and took him; he continued to run till we overtook him, we took him back to the shop; I told the prisoner in the shop, after Whiffen was gone for the officer, if he would give up the ribbon he might go about his business; he put his right hand into his left coat pocket, took out the ribbon, put it under his blue apron, and dropped it under the leg of the table; the officer came immediately after that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHIFFEN
               



            . I accompanied the last witness in pursuing the prisoner, I was the person that took him; it is correct what he has said.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. When I got into the shop I saw the prisoner; I said, is it you; he said, yes, it is; I took him from the table to search him, I found this ribbon, I have had it ever since.
Prosecutrix. This is my ribbon, it has my mark upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had bought a new hat; I went into the shop and asked for a yard and a half of ribbon for my hat; the woman said, the ribbon was too broad for my hat; I walked out of the shop.




               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Of Stealing, but not privately in the shop.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
