





506. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TUCKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloously stealing, on the 14th of May
, twenty-eight yards of calico wrapper, value 20 s. and a wrapping sheet, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lawson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Williams
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a porter to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Lawson
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williams
               



            ; they are Manchester warehousemen

 in St. Paul's church-yard


. On the 14th of May, the calico and sheet were in the forepart of the warehouse, near the door that leads into the passage. About eight o'clock in the evening, I was standing in the warehouse; I thought I heard some one in the passage; I saw one of the bales move with the calico and sheet, containing straw. I saw it move off before I saw the prisoner. On my turning to the door the prisoner threw the calico down. I asked him what he wanted with that; he said he only wanted it for an apron; I replied, if he wanted an apron, why not come in and ask for it; he said he thought we should deny him. I sent for an officer; the officer said he knew him; he was a bad character.
Q. What was the worth of the calico wrapper - A. Twenty shillings, and the sheet five shillings; it is valued at three shillings in the indictment. When I opened the door I saw the bale on his shoulder; I saw it move by something or other. After I opened the door I saw it on his shoulder.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHARLES MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner. This is the wrapper; I have kept it ever since.
Price. It is the same wrapper that the prisoner took.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had my hand upon the calico until the witness came to the glass door, and if he was to speak the truth he would say the same.



               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
