





17. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, one pocket-book, value 3s. of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Burmester
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD BURMESTER. I am a merchant
; as I was going through Lime street - square


, about ten o'clock in the morning, a person called to me saying, Sir, you have lost your pocket-book; I turned round and the prisoner threw it at me; he was near enough to hear what I said; he ran away, I followed him, crying, stop thief; he ran into the India House, and was stopped at the front door; he said, it was not me, Sir, I was running for you. We got a constable, he was taken to Giltsper-street Counter; he said, he hoped I should not prosecute him; I told him I should. The officer has the pocket-book.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. You did not see him take it-A. No; I was told of it, and the prisoner threw it at me.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I was coming along Lime-street - square, I saw the last witness coming towards me, as I passed him I observed the prisoner move forward veryquick, which drew my attention, I turned round and saw the prisoner with the book in his hand, I told Mr. Burmester, he turned round, and the prisoner threw the book at his feet.
Cross-examined. Did you see him take the book - A. I saw it in his hand, I did not see him take it.
Q. When you said, you have lost your pocket-book, the prisoner said, here it is-A. No; he turned round, threw it down, and ran away. I do not think there was any body in the square but ourselves; it is quite a bye-place.
THOMAS WALTER. I was at the Counter when Mr. Burmester brought the prisoner in, and gave me the book; when the prisoner was going to the Counter from the Mansion-House, he said he was in company with the man who took it and dropped it, and he (the prisoner) picked it up.
Prisoner. I did not say I was in the company of the man who took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
