





385. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MULLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, a gold chain, value 30 s. two seals, value 16 s. and a key, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Kirk
                        



                     
                  ; and one razor, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Johnson
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KIRK
               



            . I am a servant
 to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Johnson
               



            , No. 11, Somerset-street


. On Saturday the 16th of this month, Mr. Johnson sent me out, and when I returned the prisoner was in the house; my fellow servant had shewed him into the room and left him there by himself. The prisoner told me I wanted a servant to go to Scotland, he understood. I said I did, for a lady, the wages was twenty-two pounds and livery. I said, perhaps, if the servant suited the lady she would give guineas. I afterwards shewed the prisoner out. At night, when I was going to bed, I took my watch out of the stand, my chain and seals were gone. I have never seen my chain and seals since. The next morning I went to shave myself, and old razor that I had of Mr. Johnson was gone also. The razor has been found in the prisoner's possession. I missed the razor the next morning. I did not lose my watch; it was standing in a case; the chain and seals were twisted off.


                  JAMES 
                  BENNET
               



            . On the 23d I apprehended the prisoner; I told him my errand; he said he was innocent. He gave me the key of his box; I found this razor.
Kirk. That is Mr. Johnson's razor; it is marked P. J.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing to the value of 6 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
