





726. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, twenty eight yards of printed cotton, value 2 l. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gunne
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GUNNE
               



            . I am a linen draper
, residing at No. 43, Bishopgate Without


. About half past eight on the evening of the 17th of June, I saw some pieces of cotton, which were standing at the door move; I told my nephew to go forward to the door, he did, and in about five minutes, he and a man returned with the prisoner in their custody. Mr. Horton brought in a piece of cotton which was my property.


                  JAMES 
                  GUNNE
               



            . In consequence of what my uncle told me I went out into the street, and saw a lad running across the street with something under his arm; it was the prisoner, I followed him, and never lost sight of him until he was stopped by Mr. Horton who took the print from him.


                  JOHN 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am a taylor, residing at Hackney. On hearing the cry of stop thief, at about half past eight in the evening mentioned, I stopped the prisoner, seeing him runing; he threw the cotton down, and somebody picked it up, and gave it me. I then took him to the shop of Mr. Gunne, who said it was his cotton.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable. I know no more of the transaction, than that the prisoner and the cotton were delivered into my custody, and the cotton I now produce is the same.
Mr. Gunne. That is my cotton, it has my shop mark upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person at all, the prisoner ran, and was pursued.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
