





504. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, one watch, value 4l. 4s.; two seals, value 3l.; and one ring, value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Simmons
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SIMMONS. I am a carpenter
, and live in Bell's-buildings, Salisbury -square. I work for Mr. Pitcher. On Sunday evening, the 16th of February, about half-past nine o'clock, I was in Whitechapel


, returning home with Taddenham, the prisoner and two more men pushed up against me. I missed my watch. I am sure the prisoner is the man. I pursued him; the other two got away. The prisoner was taken before he got out of my sight - He was about fifty yards from me. I called, stop thief! and he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. It was the other side of the church. I saw him by the gas-lights.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  TADDENHAM
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was walking in Whitechapel with Simmons. Three men met us-the prisoner is one of them. They would not let us pass, neither on one side or the other. As soon as we passed, Simmons missed his watch. We pursued the prisoner - I never lost sight of him till he was stopped.
Cross-examined. He ran away - We were quite sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELVES
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running and stopped him. Simmons appeared a little intoxicated, but the other was not. Simmons was sensible - He said the prisoner was the man.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer told him to say I was the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELVES
               



            . I did not tell him so. The prisoner ran from them through a passage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
