





1270. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GALLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, two collars, value 5s.; four traces, value 20s.; four hames and tugs, value 15s.; two pads, value 10s.; two cruppers, value 3s.; one pair of reins, value 4s., and two belly-bands, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Calvert
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Calvert
               



            , who lives in James-street


. On the 30th of May I went out of town, and left these things safe in the coach-house. I returned on the 27th of June, and missed them. The stable window had been broken open; I found them at Hatton-garden. The prisoner was employed in the yard
, but had nothing to do with the stable.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a collar and harness-maker, and live in Ray-street, Clerkenwell. On the 27th of June, about half past six in the morning, the prisoner came and asked if I bought harness; I said I did; he produced the articles stated in the indictment. I asked him where he brought them from; he said his master was at the Bull and Mouth, and had sent him to sell them, as he was going out of town, and he was to take him the money. He wanted 2l. for them, and said he had lived nearly three years with his master. I told him to call again. I got a constable ready, who took him when he came. He left the things with me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a constable. I waited at Davis's house; the prisoner came, and I took him. He said he got the harness from the Bull and Mouth, and made a rush out of the shop, I collared him in the middle of the street. He made a great resistance, and knocked me down - He was secured. I found two keys on him, which opened the stables in the yard. Two iron bars were wrenched from the stable window.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of employ.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
