






845. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of September
, a piece of carpet, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Noah 
                     Gardley
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GARDLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Noah 
                  Gardley
               



            , we live at No. 12, Church-lane


, St. Martin's; we keep a broker's shop
, we lost a roll of stair carpet, it was inside of a green fender at the door, I put it there myself.
Q. What time did you lose it - A. Between three and four o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a silversmith; on Wednesday the 19th of September, between three and four in the afternoon, a young man came into Mr. Gordon's shop, he informed me that there were two suspicious people walking about our window, whom he said he knew very well belonged to a gang in Drury-lane; he desired me to come to the door and he shewed me them; they were in the church yard near our house, and they were both talking together; I mentioned it to my master, he desired me to watch them; I had not been out long before they came out of the church yard, and went down St. Martin's-lane, they turned up St. Martin's lane into the Strand. When they came to Church-court, they both went up together; after they had gone half way up the court they separated; Jones came down first and Walter's followed. They went about a dozen doors along the Strand, they went up Hewitt's-court, and turned round at the top of the court. I thinking they were going to my master's house again, I turned up Church Court; between these two courts, at the top, there is Mrs. Gardley's, a broker's shop; I went and informed my master. When I came back to the top of Church-court, I met Walter's with the carpet under his arm; Walter's passed me with the carpet and Jones followed after him into the Strand. I watched then into a court that goes into Hungerford-street, and there Walter's gave the carpet to Jones, and Jones put it on his shoulder. I went to Mrs. Gardleys and asked her whether she had missed any such thing; she said, she had. I came across the church yard; I met Watson, he came with me down St. Martin's-lane to Charing-cross; when we got there I met the two prisoners, Jones had got the carpet on his shoulder; I saw Brooker, he seized Jones, and Watson, Walters; I took the carpet.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROOKER
               



            . On the 19th of September I was in pursuit of the prisoner, I saw John Watson and Rose, I saw the prisoner Jones, in Spring-gardens, I apprehended him, he had the carpet on his left shoulder.


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               



            . Rose pointed out these men that had got the carpet; Brooker laid hold of Jones, and the moment he seized him, he dropped the carpet; I laid hold of Walters, Rose took the carpet.
Jones's Defence. I am not guilty; is it not possible that I might have purchased it; I did purchase it.
Walter's Defence. I know nothing of the carpet; I did not see the gentlemen nor the carpet before I was taken to the watchhouse.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
WALTER'S, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
