





544. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HARL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 11th of March, in the 54th year of his Majesty's reign
, three asses, value 6l. the property of the Right Honorable 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Lord
 
                           Ellenborough
                        




                     
                  ; of which 
                     
                        John 
                        Purvis
                     



                   was convicted of stealing, at the General Sessions of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry, on the 24th of March, in the year aforesaid
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SNOW
               



            . I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Purvis, at the Spring Assizes, for the County of Surry.
(The record put in and read.)


                  JAMES 
                  THORNTON
               



            . I was Lord Ellenborough's bailiff, at Roehampton, in the year 1814. His Lordship had an old jenny ass, and two jacks, at Roehampton; the youngest of the jacks was about two years old; I found the eldest of the young ones at the house of Hill, who has been convicted here; helived in Cow Cross, Smithfield


; I found it on the 17th of April. I went in search of the prisoner; but he had absconded, and I have not been able to find him until lately.


                  CHARLES 
                  OADES
               



            . I was concerned with Purviss in stealing some asses off Lord Ellenborough's lands; we stole three. We brought them to Smithfield; when we got there, Purviss sold them; he went with some men to sell them, and left them for a time with me; he left me for about a quarter of an hour. When he came back, we went to Chick-lane, and after that to Hill's house in an alley. When I got there, I saw the prisoner; he bought the asses; I am not positive whether it was twenty-five shillings or twenty-seven shillings for the three; Hill joined in buying them, and they were apparently both concerned. The asses were driven up into the street to Cow Cross; they all stood at the door when Harl paid for them; it was a public-house. I went into the house, and then Harl and Hill proposed drawing up a paper for six pounds, as the price they had given for the asses, supposing any thing should occur that that had been the value of them. A paper was drawn up by the landlord of the house, and some money was paid in the presence of the landlord. I was afterwards apprehended. I went with the officers to Hill's house, where they found one of the asses.


                  GEORGE 
                  TARRANT
               



            . I keep a public-house in St. John-street. I remember the morning of Friday, the 10th of March, 1814, I do recollect the selling of some asses at my house; but the prisoner is the only one I can recollect. I was desired by the prisoner to write a paper. That is the paper. I did not see the asses; but I saw two pounds five shillings paid.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
