






348. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WATLIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  BARNARD
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, twenty-five yards of linen-cloth, value 2 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Vipond
                     



                   and 
                     
                        George 
                        Remington
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  REMINGTON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  George 
                  Vipond
               



            ; we are linen-drapers

, 29, Ludgate-hill, in the parish of St. Martin's, Ludgate


. On the evening of the 14th of March, about five o'clock, I was standing near the door in the shop. I observed the prisoners coming from the interior of the shop; from their manner and appearance I suspected them, I seized hold of Watlin, and took from her the piece of Irish-linen in question; she had it folded up in her apron. I perceived the apron projected out, that excited my suspicion. She said, she did not bring it out of my shop, but had picked it up at the threshold of my door. I took it from her, and held Watlin; Barnard was a little before. I turned Watlin in the shop. I said, if one of the young men would take her, I would go after the other. I pursuedBarnard into a passage just by, and brought her back; she walked quick. When I stopped Watlin, Barnard was standing in Horse-shoe-court, as if at a loss where to go. When I took hold of Barnard she threw a piece of gingham from herself; it is not our property. The value of the piece I took from Watlin is more than two pounds ten-shillings.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Vipond and Remington. I saw both the prisoners come into our shop as companions, they asked to see some pieces of calico; I shewed them some. Watlin bought two yards, and paid me. I served them at the back part of the shop; there were entire pieces of linen laying on the counter where I served them. There were three shopmen in the shop besides me; they are not here. I did not miss any thing until after Mr. Remington had stopped Watlin; I then discovered a piece of linen was missing from the back part of the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBER
               



            . I saw Barnard take something from her and threw it over the counter. This is the piece of linen-cloth that was delivered to me.
Mr. Remington. It has our shop mark upon it.
Watlin's Defence. I saw a woman drop the piece of linen at the door; I picked it up. I was going to give it to the gentleman. When the gentleman stopped me I told him so.
Barnard's Defence. I knew nothing of the woman, I never saw her before in my life; I did not go into the shop. I stood at the door.
Henderson. Barnard was with Watlin while she was looking at the calico at the back part of the shop.
WATLIN, GUILTY, aged 47,
BARNARD, GUILTY, aged 34,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
