





447. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of April
, two sheets, value 6 s. a blanket, value 1 s. and a chair value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Warner
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  ANN 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Warner
               



            ; I live at No. 8, Meeting-house-alley, in the parish of St. George's


. The prisoner took a room of me at five shillings a week, ready furnished; she came into the room on the 9th of April.
Q. How long did she stay with you - A. She went out on the 13th of April, and never returned.
Q. Did she pay for her lodging - A. No. She never returned. I missed a pair of sheets off the bed in which she slept, a pair of blankets, a bolster, a pillow, and a pair of pillow cases, and a chair, and tin and crockery ware and glass.
Q. What time did she go out in the morning - A. I went down about nine o'clock in the morning and shut the street-door; I found it open. Her room door was open, that is how I missed the things. The prisoner lived below stairs. I applied to an officer, Mr. Gillman, I got some of my things again, but not all.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMAN
               



             I am an officer of the Thames police. On the 13th of April Mrs. Warner applied to me, I could not hear any thing of the prisoner until the 18th, I then found the prisoner in a back room, Cock Hill, Ratcliffe. I found in the room a chair, and in the room three duplicates; I put the duplicates in my pocket. I asked her if she knew any thing of Mrs. Warner's things; she said, no. She said her name was not Griffiths. I then called Mrs. Warner in to identify her; I asked her if that was the woman that lodged with her; she said, yes, it was. I asked the prisoner whose duplicates them were; she acknowledged to pawning the things, and said she ment to get them out. I took her to the office, and desired the pawnbroker to attend with the things, and they are here now.


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Nicholas and Latter, pawnbrokers, in Broad-street, Ratcliffe.
Q. Is that far from Mrs. Warner's - A. About half a mile. I know the prisoner's person, I am not positive I took the blanket in of her. The blanket was pawned on the 14th of April by a woman; it was pawned in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wright
               



            . This is the blanket.


                  ROBERT 
                  WALKER
               



             I am a servant to Mr. Mount, pawnbroker, Old Gravel-lane. I produce two sheets, pawned, one on the 9th the other on the 11th of April. The prisoner is the person that pawned them; I lent her four shillings on one, and five on the other.
Q. to prosecutrix. What time of day did the prisoner come to you on the 9th of April - A. About two in the afternoon. She hired the lodgings the day before, and then I saw the state of the bed. I put the two sheets on the bed myself the day before. That is my blanket, and the sheets are mine, and the chair is mine.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
