





778. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of September
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Goodwin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a warehouse keeper
, I live at No. 2, Finsbury Terrace. On Saturday, the 15th of September, between ten and eleven in the morning I was going through Broad-street


, I stopped at a bookseller's door, to look at a book. I had been there probably a minute, not more. I perceived some persons hand at my right pocket, I turned myself round, and I saw that three women had just passed me; I put my hand into my pocket, my handkerchief was gone, it was a silk handkerchief, I think three minutes before I had used it, I am sure that I had it a short time before. There was no other person near me expect a person reading a book besides these three women, who were apparently in company together. I said to the person that was standing by, that I had my pocket picked; I crossed the street, and I perceived them all three go into a gin shop; I saw the bookseller standing the door, I held up my finger for him to come over to me, he came over; I asked him to procure a constable, I said I had had my pocket picked; he said he would go with me to the gin shop; we went in together, we charged them with one of them picking my pocket, they all denied it, a constable was sent for; before the constable came the prisoner said what a bother you make about your handkerchief, or something to that effect, and took it out of her pocket. Mr. Wright took it from her and gave it to me, I gave the constable charge of her, the others went away; she was afterwards taken before the magistrate, and committed. This is the hand kerchief, it is worth two shillings, its mine.


                  PETER 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a bookseller. On Saturday morning I was standing behind the counter, I heard a gentleman say to my boy that he had his pocket picked by these women that went by; I went immediately to the door; I saw a gentleman crossing the street, he held up his finger to come to him, I went; he asked me to get a constable, I said while I am going for a constable they may escape, I said if you chose I will go into the gin shop with you. On going into the gin shop I charged the three women to produce the handkerchief that they had taken out of the gentleman's pocket. I knew the women by passing my door every day; they all denied it at first; I told them it was of no use denying it, the gentleman had kept his eye upon them since they did it. I clapped my back to the door, and said you shall not go out untill you are searched. The landlord sent his son out for a constable, and being so long before he came, the prisoner produced the handkerchief out of her pocket, and said it was of no use to make such a piece of work, is this it; I took it out of her hand, and immediately Mr. Goodwin claimed it. This woman was detained, and the other women were suffered to go about their business.
Prisoner's Defence. On the morning as I was going along Broad Street I met these two women, they asked me if I would have some refreshment; we were walking along to go to the wine-vault's I kicked something before me, I stooped down and picked up a handkerchief, I turned round and saw no one enquiring for it; we went into the wine vault's; a little time after this gentleman came in, he said one of you women have got a handkerchief, presently the other said one of you picked this gentleman's pocket, I made answer I picked up a handkerchief, I do not know who it belongs to; is this the handkerchief, and immediately I handed it to one of the gentlemen.




               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
