





177. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                     WELLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of October, in the 53rd year of his Majesty's reign
, four promissory notes for the payment of 20 l. each, thirteen promissory notes for the payment of 10 l. each, seven other promissory notes for the payment of five guineas each, and eighty-eight 5 l. notes
            , the property of 
               
                  William
                  Foreman
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                     Monkhouse
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard
                     Fothergill
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES
                  KING
               



            . I am a clerk to the prosecutors, they carry on the business of bankers


, at Newport, in Monmouthshire; their names are 
               
                  William
                  Foreman
               



            , 
               
                  Matthew
                  Monkhouse
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard
                  Fothergill
               



            . On Saturday, the 3rd of October, I made up a parcel of country bank notes, checks, and bills of exchange.
Mr. Knapp. You are looking at an entry - A. Yes; I made it at the time; it is my own entry of the parcel; I made up to the amount of two thousand pounds, and upwards.
Mr. Gurney. Among these were there one of the Brixton bank of five guineas, No. 2257 - A. Yes.
Q. Was there two of the Abergavenny bank of five-pounds each - A. Yes, No. 130, and 132, one is dated 21st of September, 1813, letter A. these both are entered in my book.
Q. Who was that parcel directed to when made up - A. Down and company, Bankers London, it was enclosed in another cover. I then put it into a wooden box, directed to 
               
                  Richard
                  Fothergill
               



             at Messrs Sheys, Merchants, Lawrence Poultney Hill, London. That box was put into a bag, the bag was directed the same; to 
               
                  Richard
                  Fothergill
               



            , we sent it to the mail, by one of the clerks. I did not go myself.


                  DANIEL
                  DUNN
               



            . I am a clerk at the house of Messrs. Sheys.
Q. On Monday October the 4th, 1813, did the parcel described by the last witness, come to your house by the mail - A. I took it in myself of the porter, the box came directed to Mr. Fothergill as he has had it formely exactly. I kept it in my custody untill Mr. Fothergill came in; I handed it to him; I saw it opened, upon it being opened there were no notes, checks or bills of exchange in it; nothing in it but s letter.


                  JOHN
                  VICKREY
               



            . I am an officer.
Q. Upon receiving intelligence of this parcel being stolen did you go down to Bristol in the year 1813 - A. I did, I saw the prisoner I learned from him that he was the guard of the Swansea mail, I asked him whether he had received the parcel in question, he said he had received it, at the King's head at Newport, that he had brought it safe to the other side of Newport, that he then shifted the coaches and sent it on to Bristol; he accompanied it to Bristol and delivered it at the Bush coach office at Bristol, in the usual way with the other parcels.
Q. Did you discover any notes had been circulated at Bristol - A. I found one note had.


                  HARRY
                  ADKINS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at Jacobs's house, in Dukes place London. He was committed to the house of correction for examination.
Q. While he was in the House of Correction, did he say any thing to you - A. He did; I made him no promise or threat, On the 12th of December, the prisoner came to me; he wanted to know, whether he could relieve himself of the charge, by giving information against the person who had received the notes of him, I told him I could not answer that; but what he thought proper to say to me I was bound to hear; he then said, he had committed the robbery between Newport and Bristol; by taking the parcel out of the box, directed to Down and Company. He then made up the box, in the bag, in the same way as when he received it, and then he forwarded it by the Bristol mail to London and the bills and notes he gave to Mrs Hinchesman the night or the day after the robbery. I am not certain which, he had advised Mrs. Hinchesman to negotiate some of the bills before the robbery could be known at Bristol; it could not be known there till the return of the mail, She did circulate several, it was then known at Bristol, and she had absconded she was afraid of being taken into custody, he said, she went to Bath.
Q. Did he tell you what had been done with those that had not been circulated - A. The prisoner and Mrs. Hinchesman had brought them to some part in Golden-lane; he said they remained in Goldenlane untill July last, that they were in a damaged state when he brought them to London.
Q. Did he say to whom he gave them, when he came into London - A. He was recommended, by a relation of Mrs. Hinchesinan, to a man of the name of Porter, living at Merlin's cave, in the Spa-fields, Middlesex, he said Porter had to the amount of three hundred pounds; and that Mrs. Porter had passed three of the notes; and one hundred and twenty five pounds was got from him by men of the name of Marsh and Edwards that he had received no benefit of.
JANE HINCHESMAN. Q. In the month of October 1813 did you live at Tetterdown - A. I did I know the prisoner was guard of the Swansea mail. In October 1813 he gave me a quantity of notes and bills to the amount of seven hundred and fifty five pounds.
Q. Did you pass any of them at Bristol - A. I did in about three weeks after that, I heard an alarm of the coach being robbed. I went to Bath, the notes then that I had not passed, I made up in a parcel, and put it into the ground, nobody but myself and daughter made up the parcel and put it in the ground. I went to Bath last July, I took them up, after I returned to my house I took them up, the prisoner came to my house, I gave them to him; he came to London I came after him.
Q. Did you go to Porter's house; Merlin's cave, Spa-fields - A. I did.
Q. Did you see any notes or bills there - A. I did.
Q. Did the prisoner tell you how he came by these notes and bills - A. Yes he said he took them from Mr. Sheys's box; that he had to deliver at the coach office Bristol, to come to London.


                  SARAH
                  PORTER
               



            , Q. Do you live at Merlin's cave - A. No, I did live there, in the course of last August, the prisoner brought a great many notes to our house; I cannot say how many.
Q, Did you by his desire put off any country Bank notes - A. Two. I gave to Mr. Syree, a linen draper, in Islington Road; and a third I put off to Mr. Gregory, a linen draper in Sun Street. I received them of the prisoner at Merlin's cave, that I so put off, that is in the County of Middlesex.


                  ROBERT
                  SYREE
               



            . Q. Do you know the last woman that has been examined - A. Yes she came to me in August last, and offered me a five pound Abergavenny note, she bought something of me. I live in Old street Road. I gave her change for the note the goods she bought amounted to one pound, three or four shillings, it is an Abergavenny note, letter A 132, dated the 21st of September, 1813; from the appearance of the note it had been in a damp state. She came again in ten or twelve days after, and offered me another Abergavenny note, and took the change as before; that is 130, and the same date, a five pound note; I wrote her name and address, both times, on the notes; I recollect her person.


                  WILLIAM
                  GREGORY
               



            . I live in Sun street, in the latter part of September, Mrs. Porter came to me, she offered me a five pound five shilling note; I know that is the note, my young man wrote his name upon it; I can swear to the writing.
Q. to Mr. King. Look at these three notes; are these three of the notes that you so put up in the parcel, look at your notary - A. They are.



               GUILTY
             aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                  Wood
               



            .
