





870. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, one gown, value 3 s. two petticoats, value 2 s. three frocks, value 3 s. two pin-cloths, value 1 s. two shirts, value 2 s. one sheet, value 2 s. one pair of trowsers, value 6 d. one sheet, value 3 s. one pair of gloves, value 6 d. one apron, value 6 d. and one handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pelton
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PELTON
               



            . I am a married woman, and keep a mangle
, in Whitechapel


. These things were sent to me to be mangled, and the prisoner at the bar came for them in the name of Jones. The person from whom I had received these things was a new customer and I did not know her name, and on interrogating him, I thought the name was Jones, and accordingly gave him the things.


                  JOHN 
                  BONTLE
               



            . I am a headborough, and in consequence of information which I received, and a description of the prisoner, I apprehended him in Hawkins's-court, Rosemary-lane.


                  SARAH 
                  PINCOT
               



            . On the 4th of August, I sent these things to be mangled to the prosecutrix. I never authorised the prisoner to go for them. I never saw him in my life.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and produce a shirt and a frock, pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I produce a shirt, frock, and a pair of gloves, pawned by the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am also a pawnbroker, and produce the rest of the things, which were pawned by the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Pelton
               



            . These things were sent to me to be mangled, and are the things which I gave to the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            , aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Watson.
