






569 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James Willit 
                           Lyon
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 2 d. and five 1 l. bank-notes
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street office. On the 24th of June I was in company of Smith. I first saw Mitchell and Davis, in Fleet-street, together, by St. Dunstan's Church; it was between twelve and one. I saw Mr. Lyon there. I pursued the prisoners. They followed Mr. Lyon up Chancery-lane


. Mr. Lyon crossed over, to get into Carey-street, under the pillars, and there they followed him. I walked on, to the end of Carey-street. The prisoners returned. I said, the trick is done. They met me. Mitchell was thrusting something down into the back part of his coat. I supposed it was the pocket-book: he turned his head, saw me, and ran away.
Q. Did you know him before - A. I did. I took Davis into custody, and Smith followed Mitchell.
Q. Are you quite sure that he knew you were an officer - A. Yes.
Q. Had you said any thing to Mitchell before he ran off - A. No, I had not. I laid hold of Davis, and took him to the office. He pressed me very much to let him go, and he would walk with me: he said he was very ill. I knew he had been ill for some time. At the office I searched Davis; in his right-hand coat pocket I found a letter directed to Mr. Lyons; a pair of scissars, a knife, bottle, and a tailor's measure, and this book; that is all. Davis said, he did not know the other man at all: he never saw him before; he never was in company with him.
Q. Did you know the other man before - A. I knew him to be a bailiff's follower, but I always suspected him to be a pick-pocket.
Q. Had you ever seen these men before together - A. Never, to my knowledge. I have known Davis for years.

 Mr. Arabin So, because you saw them gaping at a picture-shop, you imagined they were in company together - A. No; they were hustling Mr. Lyon, and I think this letter was taken from him in Fleet-street.
Q. You have reason to think Mr. Lyon's pocket was picked near St. Dunstan's Church - A. I cannot say that.
Q. You think they were hustling, in Fleet-street, at the pocket-book - A. No; this letter alone. I think this letter was taken in Fleet-street, and the pocket-book, I am positive, in Carey-street.
Q. Your expression to the jury, was
="the hustling.=" Mr. Lyon was in Fleet-street. Now you only think the letter was taken in Fleet-street - A. I am convinced the pocket-book was not taken in Fleet-street.
Mr. Knapp. These two prisoners were together, and near a print-shop in Fleet-street - A. I do not know as to a print-shop.
Q. You do not say absolutely any time when the pocket-book was taken from him - A. I do not. The letter was found upon Davis, but Mitchell had the pocket-book on him in Carey-street. He was hustling it up his back.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I was with Lack in Fleet-street, and Carey-street. I saw both the prisoners were close to the prosecutor in Fleet-street. Mr. Lyons crossed into Chancery-lane, and they followed close to him. He crossed facing Carey-street, and went under the pillars. They kept close to the prosecutor. When he crossed, they crossed. I ran immediately to the corner, thinking they might do it, and I not have an opportunity to apprehend them. Mr. Lyon went two or three yards under the pillars. They returned, saw me and Lack. I followed sharp after Mitchell. He saw me following. He ran up Chancery-lane, towards Holborn. He took a turning which leads into Lincoln's-inn-square, on the left hand side. He turned right into Star-yard. There I saw him throw this pocket-book into a coach-house. I stopped, and told a person to pick it up. The man, who is here, happened to be in the coach-house. This is the pocket-book that he throwed away. It contained five one-pound notes, and a little bill, with Mr. Lyons' address upon it. I took him to where the pocket-book was thrown. He there said, he knew nothing about it.
Q. Was the book delivered to you in his presence - A. No. I believe it was delivered to me at the office.


                  PHILIP 
                  GARNELL
               



            . I am a ostler in Star-yard. I picked up the pocket-book, and delivered it to Smith.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIT LYON
               



            . Q. You are in partnership with Mr. Edwards, Bloomsbury-square - A. I am.
Q. You were coming up Fleet-street on the 24th of June, between twelve and one o'clock - A I was; and then I went up Chancery-lane, from Fleet-street. I had a pocket-book and a letter in my pocket. I am quite sure that I had them when in Fleet-street.
Q. Were the letter and pocket-book together - A. They were in the same pocket. The letter was not enclosed in the book. The letter is addressed to Edwards and Lyons. The pocket-book contained five one-pound Bank of England notes. The pocket-book now contains five one-pound Bank of England notes. I can swear to the notes, because four of them are marked with initials. I have no doubt about them. The pocket-book I am quite sure is mine, and the letter I know to have been in my pocket that morning in Fleet-street. I fancied my pocket was picked, and turning into Chancery-lane I put my hand into my pocket, and felt the pocket-book. When I lost it I don't know.
Prisoner 
               Davis, Q.
             to Lack You do not pretend to say, you saw me speak to Mitchell - A. I saw you both in company, and I saw you speak to Mitchell several times.
Davis's Defence. I have been ill a long time. I live over the water I was passing from Fleet-street into Clare-market. I was by myself, as I hope to be saved. I turned up Chancery-lane, up towards Carey-street. I was taken hold of by Lack. I was going about my own business. I was not running. I never had any acquaintance with Mitchell, nor did I ever speak to him in my life
Mitchell said nothing in his defence.
MITCHELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
DAVIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
