






1573. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LECORE
               




             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  BRYANT
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 21st of October
, 6lbs. of bristles, value 20s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mathews
                     




                  , of which 
                     
                        John 
                        Ward
                     



                   was convicted of stealing, they well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN FORRESTER. I am an officer. On the 24th of October I was at the end of Gracechurch-street, and saw Ward with another man. Ward had a bag - They were together, and walked very fast. I followed, and stopped Ward, the other ran away. I found some bristles in Ward's bag, and took him to the watch-house; in consequence of what he said, I went to Mr. Mathews - We went together to Ward, and in consequence of what he said, we went to the prisoner, Bryant's house, in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields-(she keeps the house)-Lecore lives with her, and carries on the business; they are brushmakers-it was between ten and eleven o'clock at night; Lecore was shutting up the shutters. When he saw me he came into the shop-Bryant was behind the counter. Mr. Mathews asked him if he had received any bristles from his porter? (they must both have heard it.) Lecore said that some came in on Wednesday, and the receipt was on the file to show the delivery of them. He then asked me if I had a search-warrant? I said No, and if he was an honest man there would be no occasion for it. Mathews asked him where he kept his bristles? he pointed to the place. Mathews then asked him if he had any Archangel bristles? he said No. I went to the cupboard in the shop, pulled out four or five bundles of bristles, and showed them to Mr. Mathews. He said he could swear to one bundle, but could say nothing about the others. I asked them who they bought it of? both the prisoners were present. Lecore said, "You must find that out." I took it away.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Both the prisoners attended at the Mansion-house to hear Ward examined. The business belongs to Bryant-Lecore manages it.
WILLIAM BOREN. I live with Mr. Mathews, who is a brush-maker and bristle-merchant; the prisoners are both brush-makers, and have been customers at our house for many years. In consequence of what Ward had said I accompanied Mr. Mathews to the prisoner's house-Lecore was shutting up shop. I went in, Bryant was behind the counter. I asked Lecore if he had had any bristles in on Wednesday? he said he had, and he would produce the receipt - He produced the receipt for a few which I had sold him on the Wednesday night. They were dressed hairs, and these were rough as they are imported, I told him the receipt was correct, and asked him if he had any Archangel bristles in the house? - Bryant heard it. He said, "Not any, nor have I had any for sometime." I then asked him if he had any rough hairs of any description? he said he had a few - I examined them. I found a bundle of Archangel bristles among them. Immediately that I saw them I said I knew them-it is a very particular article. Mr. Mathews had a quantity of them. We sold none of the kind to the prisoners. I asked Lecore where he got them? he said, "There is the thing - You must find that out." Neither of them gave me any account of them.
Q. Did Bryant say anything - A. She said she knew nothing of them-that she knew our porter had been there on Wednesday with some bristles, but she knew nothing of those.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MATHEWS
               



            . The bristles are Archangel bristles, and of a peculiar kind, undressed. On the 21st of October, I had a quantity of them - A great quantity has been sold, but all, I believe, were sold in the country-none were sold to the prisoners - They were worth 3s. per pound. (The record of the conviction of 
               
                  John 
                  Ward
               



             was then put in and read.)
JOHN WARD. I lived about five months with Mr. Mathews as porter - I went to the prisoners' house one day with some goods from Mr. Mathews, about two months ago. As I was going out Lecore asked me if I wanted a job, this was in the street? I said "No, I have got one." He said "You have been to my house, have not you?" I said Yes. He asked me if I would have a drop of beer? I thanked him, went to a public-house, and had some. He then said, anything that I could get from Mr. Mathews's, bristles, or anything else, he would buy them of me. I said I would not get them, and went home. My master dealt in brushes also. At another time I went to his house with more goods from my master-Bryant was present, and heard what he said. Lecore asked me if I had got any bristles, or any thing else? I told him No. Bryant said nothing. He asked me why I did not? for if I got anything he would take it of me - I refused, and went home. Then another porter, named Thomas, went - He is the man who ran away when I was taken.
Q. In consequence of anything that was said to you by him, did you take anything to Lecore's - A. Yes, on Wednesday, the 21st of October, at dinner-time, I took one bundle. I had nothing to take there from my master. Thomas took one bundle of bristles out of the warehouse, my master had not given it to him, and I took them to Lecore's about one o'clock-both the prisoners were present in the shop-Thomas was with me. I told them we had got some bristles - They took them of us, and gave us 12s. for them; they weighed them, and made them 6lbs. Bryant counted the money, and Lecore handed it to me.
Cross-examined. Q, You was convicted of robbing your master - A. Yes; I told about it directly I was taken. The bristles were tied up as those now produced.
LECORE'S Defence. The bristles are tied up differently to when they were before the magistrate. They do not weigh 6lbs.
JOHN FORRESTER re-examined. They came undone, and I tied them up again as before.
BRYANT'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
LECORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.
BRYANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
