





216. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PAXMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of January
. one hundred and seventy-nine pounds weight of silk, value 450l.
            
the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Meadow
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas Castle 
                     Meadows
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CASTLE MEADOWS
               



            . I live in Princes-street, Spitalfields


. On Sunday, the 28th of January last, I was called by my apprentice, 
               
                  William 
                  Paxman
               



            ; I went immediately into the dye-house, and I observed I had lost property in silk, part raw, and part in a state of forwardness for dying, to the amount of four hundred fifty pounds. I had seen it safe in the scaining-room as late as six or seven o'clock on the Saturday evening. Afterwards I saw some of my silk at Worship-street office; it was shewn to me by Ray, the officer. I knew the prisoner before; he had nothing to do with our dye-house whatever.
Cross-examined by Mr. Andrews. I had not seen our warehouse between six and seven o'clock. I had seen the prisoner from his coming to see a brother of his in my service; my knowledge of him only arises from that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAXMAN
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Meadows; I live in his house. On Saturday night, the 27th of last month, I left Mr. Meadows's premises at about seven o'clock; they were fastened. I left a lad at work in the yard. I staid out until ten o'clock; I came home then; I came to Mr. Meadow's dwelling-house; all was safe at that time. After I put the dog in the dye-house, I went to bed. I got up at about twenty minutes before seven on Sunday morning; the dye-house was all safe then; I locked it, and carried the keys in again. I then went down to the Plough, at Mile-end, where was to meet the prisoner at the bar; I went along Brick-lane, that is about three hundred yards from where my master lives; I looked at a cart going along, but I can't say righty whether there was any thing in it. I returned home at about nine o'clock. I met my brother at the Plough; from the Plough, I went to my father's house; he lives about a quarter of a mile, or not quite so much, from Mr. Meadow's. I left my brother at the corner of Old Montague-street, he saying, that he was going into Whitechapel; that is about two hundred yards from my master's, and I went to breakfast at my master's. I then found the gate of the yard open; I found the dye-house open, and the scaining-room door was open; that opens out of the dye-house. I did not miss any thing; I looked into two drawers, but they were empty; but I did not know whether there had been any thing in them; they were a little way open. I can't say whether they were open when I went out. I had seen some of the silk on Saturday night as late as half past six. When I came home to breakfast the next morning, I looked round, but did not think at first of looking for this wet silk; but afterwards I recollected I had put it into the boxes, and had seen it there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Andrews. The prisoner is my brother. He came backwards and forwards to Mr. Meadows's; he has told me he was a fisherman
. The reason I know it was half past six was because I heard the watchman cry it. I returned again before nine, but not so early by my master's desire; I went out for the day; I had no particular orders from my master to return so soon. I know it was nine when I returned, by the clock in Mr. Meadows's yard. I went to my father's with my brother before nine. The getting into the dye-house would take a great deal of time; it would have required a considerable deal of time; there is a door between the dye-houses; the door from the dye-houses to the scaining-room, was locked, and the key taken into Mr. Meadows's parlour.


                  STEPHEN 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar in my master's premises. When first I saw him it was before six o'clock, when he came to see his brother. I did not see him again until after six. Going by the coppers. I heard a noise; there is a place down some steps below for the ashes; and going in there, I saw the prisoner in this place; I said, whose there, and he came out of a corner, and he said it is me, and he said he went there to ease himself. He followed me up out of the stoke-hole, and he went to go towards the necessary; that is in the black dye-house, and this place where he was concealed was down some steps in the stoke-hole, I offered him the candle, which he refused, saying, he could see. The black-dye house was not shut up at that time. I know of my own knowledge that the prisoner had been to the necessary, and knew where it was; if he had any such call as he mentioned, he knew the place to go to. I don't know when he went out of Mr. Meadows's house. I left the premises at half after six. This stoke-hole is where the fire-places are, where the fires are lighted under the coppers. I had a light, and thinking I heard a foot, I asked who was there, and he came forward, and spoke to me; I only saw two or three buttons of the lower part of his waistcoat undone. The necessary was at the other end of the dye-house.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I am one of the City officers. On the Sunday morning, at about eight o'clock, as I was scraping my shoes at my own door, I saw the prisoner coming down the passage facing; this place might be half a mile from Mr. Meadows's. He had a largish bundle under his arm, tied up in a spotted handkerchief; as he perceived me, he rather shyed and turned his head; his manner was such as to excite suspicion in me. I went towards him; he threw down the bundle, and away he ran. I then picked up the bundle, and took it to my own house. I did not open the bundle before. I saw the prisoner on the Sunday evening; I was sent for to Mr. Meadows's house; I have not the least doubt of the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Andrews. I did not know him before. He might be as far from me, as from me to you sir; he had a blue jacket and trowsers on. The reason I did not pursue him instead of picking up the bundle was because I might have lost both.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. Ray brought this bundle to me on Monday morning, at the office. He gave me a discription of the man, and said he should know him from a hundred. I and Gleed apprehended the prisoner on the 29h, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, at the Queen Catherine, Brook-street, Ratcliffe, the brother being with me. This chissel was given to me by Mr. Meadows, on the Sunday that the robbery wascommitted, in the morning. I found on the prisoner a one-pound note, a silver watch, some silver, two knives, and a key; the silver I returned to him; but the other things were kept to come here.


                  SARAH 
                  PAXTON
               



            , a witness for the prosecution, not appearing, was called on her recognizance.


                  REBECCA 
                  HANSON
               



            . I keep the Queen Catherine public-house. The prisoner had lodged with me for about three weeks, before the 27th. He left my house about ten days before the 27th. He came to me on the 28th; he owed me three pounds and some halfpence; he came between four and five in the afternoon, and he gave me four one-pound notes, and I gave him the change. He was at my house when the officers took him into custody.
Mr. Meadows. I took at this silk in the bundle produced by 
               
                  John 
                  Ray
               



            ; I know it by the manner in which it is done up, and by the ticket; it was hanging up by the door in the scaining-room; the ticket has on it certain marks, which mean that it came on the 23rd of January, from Messrs. Haddyman and Company, and was to be dyed black; it weighed seven pounds thirteen ounces. I saw this ticket on it on the Saturday night previous to its being stolen. This is a very small part of what has been lost.
The prisoner called the following witnesses.


                  JOHN 
                  GODDARD
               



            . The prisoner quitted my house after seven o'clock on the Sunday morning, and my house is in the Pack-road, St. George's Fields; he came to my house again at a little after eleven, and dined with me, and stopped with me, until after two o'clock.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds. He came there on the Saturday night, we had some bread and cheese for supper; we had some porter; I went out for the porter. I sell coffee. I work at the water-side. I have seen the prisoner work also, and I believe he lodged a long time at the Queen Catherine.


                  SARAH 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner lodged at our house on the night of Saturday, the 27th of January; he went away at half past seven in the morning to meet his brother, and returned again at eleven, and ataid and dined with us.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds. I made a bed up for him on Saturday night; we had some bread and cheese for supper; but nothing to drink; my husband never went out.
Re-examined by Mr. Andrews. Q. Did not your husband go out to fetch any thing home - A. He did not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
