





554. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of April
, nine shirts, value 2 l. 10 s. three waistcoats, value 2 l. 10 s. a shirt, value 4 s. a pair of shoes, value 7 s. two handkerchiefs, value 7 s. a bank dollar, value 5 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Brisson
                        



                     
                  ; a jacket, value 6 d. a handkerchief, value 1 s. and a bag, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Perrin
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BRISSON
               



            . I am a seaman
, and the prisoner had been a seaman in the same ship also. I missed my things on Monday, the 2nd of April, my chest was brought on Sunday, and broken open on Sunday night. The prisoner was discharged from the ship on the Thursday before the Sunday; he had no business on board on that Sunday.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am a publican, I keep the Yorkshire Grey, Mint-street, in the Borough. On the 2nd of April, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner called at my house, he asked me if I could give him a nights lodging; I told him no. He then asked me to take charge of his bag of clothes, and to lock them up; I took the bag. I afterwards delivered the bag to May, the officer, at Union Hall. On Tuesday morning, Partridge, the officer, of Shadwell Office, came, and asked me if I had got any thing of a man of the name of Till; I told him I had delivered the bag to Mr. May.


                  JOHN 
                  PATRIDGE
               



            . I called at the Yorkshire Grey, I there heard the prisoner was in the custody of May; the clothes I have got here were upon him, and the clothes in the bag, are the property that he had stolen. I produce them.
Brisson. They are all my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
