





1500. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of July
, with a certain offensive weapon (to wit, a knife), upon 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Kelly
                        




                     
                  , unlawfully, maliciously and feloniously did make an assault, with a felonious intent to rob him, and his money from his person and against his will feloniously and violently to steal
            .



                  EDWARD 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am lessee of the turnpike gates at Paddington
. On the 26th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was close by Kilburn gate


 - it was the first day of West End fair - I went to collect my money from the different gates, and stood there waiting for the receiver to make up his money, seven men came up in a cart, Henley, who was convicted last Session, was one, one Griffiths, and the prisoner was another. As I stood against the post, Henley struck me over the head with a stick, which cut my hat through with the blow - my head was cut in two places; my hat came over my eyes. They jumped out of the cart, pulled me about, and almost choked me; some of them tried to get my watch out, but could not, because my fob was twisted. I had about 322 l. in my pocket-book, and put my hand on it to secure it, then the prisoner and Griffiths came up to me, one of them cut my finger, which was on my pocket-book - they must have had a knife; I think they meant to cut my pocket. I hallooed out for assistance. I could neither move nor stir, I was confined so close against the post - assistance came, they were overpowered, jumped into the cart, and went off. It was broad daylight. As they were going off, one of them said,
"You b - gg - r, you shall never live to transport another man for stealing iron." I had prosecuted a man for stealing iron, who was transported. I have not the least doubt of the prisoner being one of them. I knew him before, he lived near me.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. He must have known that you knew him - A. I think so. I know two or three more of them.
Q. I believe, at the office, or somewhere else, you said to him.
"I know nothing of you, I cannot say you was one of them." - A. Never.
JURY. Q. Did you never see him from that time till he was taken - A. Never. I did not know where he lived then. The day after the 27th, I was going to the gate, as before, saw him in the road, and ran after him - he got away. I seized Griffiths, and he also got away. The prisoner was taken three weeks ago.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in Bell-street, going into the Key, public-house, in the Edgware-road.
Q. Did you know where he lived - A. Yes. I heard of this charge on the 27th, and have been twenty times after him - he had absconded. I knew Griffiths well, and have often seen him in the prisoner's company. I had seen Henley and all of them in the cart, on the day of the robbery, at a quarter after seven o'clock, about a mile from the gate, coming from the fair. I know the whole gang.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
