







1069. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  WILSON
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BOWYER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, fifteen yards of printed cotton, value 19s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Frank
               




            .
JONATHAN FRANK. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Sloane-street


. On the 25th of June, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was at a house opposite to my own, and saw the prisoner, Bowyer, attempt to release a piece of print that was pinned to the iron, he could not get it off-he went a door or two farther to the other two prisoners, returned again and examined it, and went to them again, three times, and then came and released it from the pins; he then came with Wheeler, Bowyer took the print off, and put it into Wheeler's apron-Wilson waited at the corner (two doors off); I and Morgan came out and secured Wheeler, with the print in his apron. I secured Bowyer. Wilson attempted to run past us, and in endeavouring to take him Bowyer got away from me - I secured Wilson. Bowyer was taken again.
THOMAS MORGAN. Mr. Frank was at my house. I secured Wheeler with the print in his apron.


                  JOHN 
                  SNOWSELL
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the alarm, ran out, and saw Bowyer running away, and secured him. I never lost sight of him,
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WHEELER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BOWYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
