





513. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of May
, two shirts, value 5s. two pairs of shoes, value 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Goldsmith
                        



                     
                  ; two trunks, value 15s. three gowns, value 2l. two petticoats, value 10s. two shifts, value 15s. four aprons, value 8s. one pair of shoes, value 5s. three yards of ribbon, value 2s. two bonnets, value 1l. 8s. three one-pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Herbert
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  HERBERT
               



            . Between eight and nine in the evening of the day in the indictment, I lost these things at the end of Chancery-lane


. 
               
                  James 
                  Goldsmith
               



             is a fellow servant

 of mine; and we took a hackney coach at Billingsgate, and told the prisoner, who was the coachman, to drive to the Golden Cross Charing Cross. We stopped at the bottom of Chancery-lane, to get out to see a friend, and left the boxes in the coach, and while we were away, he drove off. When we missed him, we went back to the friend on whom we had called, and told them what had happened. I recollect the prisoner was the coachman; but I don't recollect the number of the coach.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am servant to the Rev. Mr. Santees. The number of the coach was 578. I am a fellow servant of the last witness. The prisoner is the man who drove the coach; we went together to the end of Chancery-lane; there we got out, and in about a quarter of an hour came back, and the coach was gone. We had asked the prisoner to stop until we returned.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORGAN
               



            . I am a ticket-porter at Billingsgate. This young woman and lad were delivered into my charge by the Captain of the Ramsgate Packet, who told me to get them a coach, and put them and these things into it, and direct the coachman to drive to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross. The prisoner was the coachman
 whose coach I got, and I told him to drive to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, and to stop at the end of Chancery-lane, as the lad wanted to get out there to see a friend. The young woman then paid me one shilling and sixpence for my porterage, and I took the number of the coach, as I always do; the number was 578.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEVI
               



            . I deal in wearing apparel, and other things. On Wednesday night last, the prisoner came to me, and said he had a few articles to sell, which would suit me; they were the articles in question. He asked me thirty shillings for them, and I offered him one pound, which he agreed to take.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
