





375. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, one watch, value 4l.; one seal, value 35s., and one key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Webb
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES WEBB. I am a toll-collector
. On the 13th of February, at twelve o'clock at night, I was coming down the Old Bailey


, two women passed me, one shoved me on my breast, the other instantly took my watch out of my fob; as I was pursuing I fell down - I do not know who they were, I had not been with them. My watch and the prisoner were brought to me.
GEORGE WOODWARD. I am a Thames Police constable. On the 13th of February, about twelve o'clock at night, I was crossing Ludgate-hill, towards the Old Bailey, and saw the prosecutor come down the Old Bailey, the prisoner, and another girl, met him full in the face, tapped him on the breast, and said, halloo! he told them to be off; the prisoner immediately drew his watch from his pocket, he made a catch at her, but fell in the road, and they ran off; I followed them across Ludgate-hill, through a gateway, up two or three different courts - They parted, and I followed the prisoner into Dolphin-court, which leads into Ludgate-hill; when she got to the dark part of the court she dropped the watch. I still pursued, and took her. I asked her what she had done with the watch - She denied ever seeing it. I told her to come back with me, and see if we could find it; I took her back to the spot, called the watchman to bring a light, and found it down the area. I took it and the prisoner to the prosecutor.
WILLIAM ARLE. I am a watchman. Woodward called to me for a light, and found the watch in the area.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
