







1385. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, one watch, value 30 s.; one coat, value 1 l.; one hat, value 1 l.; one handkerchief, value 7 s.; two waistcoats, value 13 s.; one pair of shoes, value 4 s., and one pair of braces, value 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coleman
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Love-grove, Fleet-market


. On the 21st of September I went to bed at eleven o'clock - I hung my watch at the head of my bed, and my coat by the bed-side. About an hour after my landlord informed me I had been robbed - I immediately missed them. Both the prisoners lodged in the same room with me. Brooks had left the night before. I went to my box, and missed the other things stated in the indictment, and my hat from the kitchen - the prisoners were brought to me. Carpenter found my braces, and my shoes on Brooks's feet, also duplicates of the other property.


                  JAMES 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am cellarman to a wine-merchant. On the 22d of September I heard of the robbery, and on the 24th, as I was going through the Tower, I met the prisoners, seized them both, and took them to the prosecutor, at Mr. Enderby's, Paul's Wharf. I found duplicates for a hat, watch, and two waistcoats on Brooks - the shoes were on his feet. I found nothing on Morgan.


                  JAMES 
                  ALFORD
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoners, and found four duplicates on Brooks, also a pair of shoes and braces. He said he knew nothing about them.


                  MARY 
                  CONNELLY
               



            . The prisoners lodged with me. Brooks left on the Monday. I went out for some coals, leaving him at home, and on my return he was gone. Morgan went out in the afternoon, came home between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, pulled his shoes off at the bottom of the stairs, and went to bed. In about a quarter of an hour after he came down, unlocked the cellar-door, and went out - the prosecutor missed his property.
Q. Brooks left in the afternoon - A. Yes.
- . I am a pawnbroker. On the 22d of September a hat was pledged with me by a woman, in the name of Morgan - the duplicate is that I gave her.


                  ROBERT 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I live in Clare-street, Clare-market. I have two waistcoats pledged with me.


                  ARTHUR 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a watch which was pledged with me. I gave the prosecutor the duplicate produced.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner MORGAN. I have nothing to say.
BROOKS'S Defence. I left the morning before the robbery. Morgan brought the duplicates to me, and said he brought them from Manchester.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BROOKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
