





12. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HENLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, two seals, value 2 l. 10 s.; part of a watch-chain, value 6 d., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lambert 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  LAMBERT 
                  WOOD
               



            . On Tuesday, the 23d of November, about ten minutes before seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Fountain-court, Aldermanbury


, going to the Court of Requests; there is a passage leading from the Baptist Head coffee-house, to Guildhall Yard


. At the entrance of the small passage the prisoner met me, I was going to let him pass, but he came before me, pushed me into the open court, and laid hold of my watch-chain with both his hands. I applied my hand to my fob to prevent my watch coming out, and it being a large one it would not come out, but he broke the chain, and immediately ran off with part of that and two seals; some persons were at the end of the court, I told them to stop him, but a man gave him encouragement, and said,
"Run on! Run on!" I called out,
"Stop thief! for he has robbed me of my watch;" he was seized, and I asked him for my watch? as I thought that was also gone, but he said he had not got it. I then asked him for my seals? but he said he had not got them. He was taken to the office; my property was not found. He is the boy who took them, I am positive - he was secured in less than two minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. You hardly saw him - A. Yes, he was some time trying to get my watch; he was in the open part of the court, and ran to Aldermanbury; he was stopped opposite the gateway. I have no doubt but the other man received them of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the end of Lad-lane, heard the cry, stepped round the corner, and saw the prisoner come out of Fountain-court. I secured him; there were two or three people there. The prosecutor came up, and asked him for his watch and seals? then said,
"Here is my watch, give me my seals." I searched him, but found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
