





1042. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANGDON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 16th of April, in the 38th year year of his Majesty's reign, at the parish church of Stoke Tameron in the county of Devon, was married to 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Morris
                        



                     
                  , spinster, and that he afterwards, on the 22nd of December, in the 52nd year of his Majesty's reign


, at the parish church of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex


, feloniously did marry 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Robertson
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, and that he afterwards, in the City of London, was apprehended for the felony aforesaid
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SNOWDON
               



            . I live at Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Tameron. I was churchwarden last year. I produce the register books of marriages of the parish. April 16th 1798, 
               
                  John 
                  Langdon
               



            , of this parish, a joiner in the dock yard, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Morris
               



            , were married by banns, this 16th day of April, 1798, by me, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Saunders
               



            , curate. This marriage was solemnised between us. 
               
                  John 
                  Langdon
               



            . The mark of Sarah Morris X.
Q. Did you know the witnesses to the marriage - A. Perfectly well. They are both dead.
Q. Did you know the prisoner and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Morris
               



             before their marriage - A. I did.
Q. Did you know the prisoner and her after they were married - A. I have not seen the prisoner since until I see him now. The witness, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bowler
               



            , was his uncle; he lived next door to me. I was not present at the marriage. The wife I have seen in the workhouse, in a deranged state. I called on 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Morris
               



            . I have seen her within four months. She is living.
Q. Did you know that he belonged to the dock yard - A. He never belonged to the dock yard. It is a false thing in putting it down.


                  JAMES 
                  LANE
               



            . I live at Plymouth dock, in the parish of Stoke Tameron.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do.
Q. Did you know him in the year 98 - A. I knew him in the year 97, he was a carpenter, and I knew Sarah Morris. I knew them both. I do not know in what part of the town they lived after they were married. I visited her and her father previous to their marriage.
Q. Did they live together afterwards as man and wife
 - A. I know nothing to the contrary. They lived in the same town; they passed as man and wife. Before she was married she went by the name of Sarah Morris; afterwards she went by the name of Langdon. They had two children. I am sure he is the same man.
MR. ROBERTSON. Q. I believe you are the uncle of the lady whom the prisoner has lately married - A. I am.
Q. Have you seen the prisoner write - A. Yes, I am well acquainted with his writing.
Q. Look at the signature in that book,
"John Langdon," and tell me whether you believe that to be his hand-writing - A. To the best of my belief it is. There is no doubt of it.
Q. to Mr. Snowdon. Do you know the hand-writing of Bowler and Roberts, that are dead - A. I can swear to the hand-writing of Mr. Roberts: he was clerk of the church. I do not know Mr. Bowler's hand-writing.
REV. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BATTEN CHAPMAN
               



            . I am the curate of St. Pancras. On the 22nd of December, 1810, 
               
                  John 
                  Langdon
               



             of this parish, batchelor, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Robertson
               



            , of this parish, spinster, were married in this church by banns, by me, this 22nd day of December, 1810. W. B. Chapman, in the presence of 
               
                  William 
                  Upton
               



             and 
               
                  Moses 
                  Smith
               



            .
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner - A. I do not.


                  MARY 
                  ANN ROBERTSON
               



            . Q. When did you become acquainted with the prisoner - A. About eight months previous to my being married to him. He addressed me as a single man. He was a carpenter. and builder.
Q. When did you discover that he had a wifeliving - A. It is three months since I discovered it, and since I discovered it I have ceased to live with him.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHWIN
               



            . I am one of the Bow-street patrols. Is apprehended the prisoner last month, in the parish of St. Lawrence Jury, in Cheap ward, in the City of London.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
