





1477. 
               
                  
                     HUGH 
                     COLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, two pocket-books, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Trent
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  TRENT
               



            . I am a Russia mat-dealer
. On the 16th September, about eight o'clock at night, I was on Tower-hill


. I had been spending the evening with some friends, and was intoxicated.


                  ELIJAH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 16th of September, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was coming over Tower-hill. It rained very hard; I stood under the Excise gateway. The prosecutor was laying down in the wet. The prisoner came by; I asked him to help me to take him under the gateway out of the wet, which he did, and then went away for eight or nine minutes, when he returned and said "What? is he not gone yet?" I told him he wanted a coach to take him home, and sent a boy who stood by me for one, which he did, and the coachman refused to take him. I sent for another, which came, and the prisoner assisted me to thecoach-door with him. After getting him up two of the steps, he fell head-foremost into the coach. The prisoner got in to lift him up. I thought he was a long while about it. I looked round, and saw the prisoner's hand in the prosecutor's left hand inside coat-pocket. I saw him pull the pocket-book out, and put it into his own left hand side-pocket. I told the coachman of it. When the prisoner came down the steps, we secured him, and charged him with it; he denied it. I took a pocket-book and catalogue from him. There was a gas-light over the gateway, opposite the coach.
Prisoner. Q.Where did you find the pocket-book? - A.In his left hand side-pocket. Hearn gave me another pocket-book.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEARN
               



            . I am a fishmonger's servant. I was coming past, and saw the pocket-book and catalogue found in the prisoner's left side-pocket. I picked up a red pocket-book under the steps of the coach. It was not the same found on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They charged me with robbing the man, and found my own pocket-book on me, and nothing else.


                  ELIZA 
                  WILSON
               



            . He gave me his own pocket-book. I found the prosecutor's on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
