





980. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     GARCIA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, a snuff-box, value 50l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sauvayre
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SAUVAYRE. I was handing a lady to her carriage from the Opera House


, on the night in question. I felt something at my pocket, and on feeling, I immediately missed my snuff-box; it was a tortoiseshell one gold mounted, for which I paid sixty-five guineas. As soon as I perceived it was gone, I turned round immediately, and saw the prisoner trying to get off, just by the horses; he was making from me, and before I laid hold of him, there was another put before, who asked me what I wanted; he pushed himself before me, and said, what do you want, what do you want; I said you are not the man; I want that rascal just before you. I then sprang forward and collared the prisoner. I told him you have my snuff box; he denied it, and tried to get away; but I would not let him go; I held him fast. I brought him to an ale house just opposite, and delivered him to a watchman. As soon as ever I collared him, the other man set off running. There was no person near me when I turned round and missed my box but the prisoner. My snuff box has been recovered.
THOMAS GRIFFITH. I am a watchman. About half past four, before daybreak, on Sunday morning, my partner and I saw the snuff box in the kennel, opposite the Opera-house. That box was claimed by Mr.Sauvayre. We advertised it.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday night, I was going to Hyde Park Corner to wait for the strawberries coming in from Isleworth for my brother, who keeps a fruit shop in Great Turnstile Holborn; and very near the top of the Haymarket


, this gentleman stopped me and accused me of taking his snuff box, and I am as innocent as the child unborn; and unfortunately this happens to be our whitefast, and our people cannot come forward to give me a character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
