





369. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Symons
                        




                     
                   in the King's highway, on the 13th of March
, for putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 3l. a seal, value 2l. and three keys, value 5s.
             his property.


                  GEORGE 
                  SYMONS
               



            . As I was going homeward down Gray's-innlane


, between twelve and one o'clock at night, on the 13th of March, in company with a cousin of my wife's, named Thomas Stevens,(not the prisoner.) A man ran by the side of me, and pulled the watch out of my pocket; he laid hold of my seals, keys and ribbon, and snatched the watch out of my fob with force. Such was the force that the case dropped off to the ground; I followed the man, and saw the watch hanging from his hand as he ran. My cousin stopped to pick up the case. I went up as far as the next or second court in Gray's-inn-lane, where the man had run down, and sung, out stop thief all the time. With that, I was within four or five yards of the man who had the watch, and I made a snatch at him, when I was knocked down, and fell in the mud. The prisoner was not taken into custody until the next day.


                  JOHN 
                  SYDNEY
               



            . I was returning home on the night of the 13th of March, between twelve and one, and when I got very near Tash-street, in Grays-inn-lane, I heard the cry of stop thief; there was a young man of the name of John Norman with me. There was a Jew and two women on before us; we all of us immediately turned back; I saw a person run down a place called Charlotte Buildings; I and John Norman stood at the bottom of Bell-court, in Gray's-inn-lane; that was about fifty yards from Charlotte Building. I then saw the same person come running down Bell-court; I then went up to him, and laid hold of his coller; Norman came up at the other side of him; the person whom we seized said, for God's sake young men recollect the consequences to be great against me. The prisoner is not the person we stopped. The person said, you shall have share; I said no, no, come along, and we pulled him out of the court. Coming down towards Holborn again, we called watch, watch; there was no watchman answered. When we came opposite Charlotte Buildings with him, he called out Jack, Jack, and immediately the prisoner came directly, and I perceived the man we had hold of, had the watch on his left side; he gave it to the prisoner, and I said, that man has got the watch, meaning the prisoner. The prisoner said, I got the watch, I will break your bloody neck; with that, he up with his fist, and hit me on the left side of my face; I tumbled against the shutter, and fell down on the rails; then they both got away from us.


                  JOHN 
                  NORMAN
               



            . Corroborated the account of the last witness.
FRANCIS FEGAN. I accompained Symons and Sidney the next day, the 14th of March, to the Falcon in Portpool-lane, where I desired Symons to stand at the door while Sydney and I went in Sydney said that one of the persons who were playing at cards, was the person who robbed my friend. We then came out again immediately, and I desired Sydney to go for a police officer. I and the prosecutor staid outside the door. We had not been there long before the prisoner came out of the house, and crossed the street, down a place called Sparrow-rents; imagining that he was the person that Sydney had pointed out to me, I followed him, and secured him, with the assistance of the prosecutor, and we conducted him as far as Hatton Garden, where we met Mr. Hutt, and delivered the prisoner to him.
JOHN HUTT. I know no more than the prisoner was delivered into my custody by the last witness.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed at the time.
The prisoner called the following witnesses.



                  SARAH 
                  NUMTING
               



            . I live at No. 5, Portpool-lane. The prisoner lodged at my house on the 13th of March; he lodged with his mother at my house; his mother has the front room on the first floor. I saw him at home on the night of the 13th; he and his mother came in at eleven o'clock; I bolted and locked my doors after they came in; I slept in a room adjoining my shop; it is a green-grocer's shop; there is only a very thin partition between the passage and my room. When I had locked the door, I left the key in it. I then knew that the prisoner was up stairs; it was a considerable time after twelve before I went to bed. From the time I locked the door, to the time I went to bed, nobody went out, I am positive. It was impossible for any body to go up or down stairs without my hearing them. In the morning, I found the key just as I had left it.
Examined by the COURT. He went to bed much about the same time on the 10th; I don't know at what time rightly on the 8th; I don't recollect any other particular circumstances on the 13th of March; only that was the usual time he went to bed.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STEVENS
               



            . The prisoner is my brother. I remember the night before he was taken up; he came home that night with his mother; he went to bed a little before twelve; I saw him in bed; we have only one room; it was impossible for my brother to go out after that, without my hearing him, for I sleep with my mother, who is subject to much illness, and is very wakeful. The prisoner was in bed when I get up at half past six in the morning; I went out then, and locked him in.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
