





193. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GARNHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of January
, a box coat, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Ellis
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  EDWARD 
                  BELL
               



            . I am coachman to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ellis
               



            , esq. No. 19, Upper Grosvenor-street. On the 11th of January, about half past twelve at night, I lost the coat off the box or foot-board, I cannot say which; I had backed the coach into the coach-house in King-street mews


; I did not miss the coat till the next morning. The prisoner was watchman to the mews. I asked the prisoner if he knew any thing about the coat, he said, no.


                  EDWARD 
                  MIERS
               



            . I am a salesman, 123, Swallow-street. On the 1st of this month the prisoner came to my house, he asked me to buy a coat; I looked at it; he asked me three pound for it; he said it was his own; he found it near Bellfound. I asked him where he lodged; he said, at the Ship in Swallow-street; I told him I would go there and ask if he lodged there; he said it was of no use my going there, they would not take any account of it. I asked him what he had taken the buttons off the coat for; he said for a particular use. I would not buy it; he went out of the shop, and took the coat with him. I followed him as far as Grosvenor-street; I said to a person of my acquaintance, there is a man going with a box coat; I suspect he has stolen it. He went and fetched a constable. I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  COBHAM
               



            . I am a constable. From information I came up to the prisoner in King-street; I asked him where he was going with that coat; he said, home; he lived just by. I took him in custody. This is the coat.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
