






412. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  WILKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of February

, twenty-four ounces of tobacco, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Fish
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SWAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same; he well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
AUGUSTINE CARRITT. I am a clerk to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fish
               



            , who is a Tobacconist
, and lives in St. John-street - the prisoner Wilkins was his servant

. On the 7th of February, we lost the tobacco, which the prisoner had to dry.
THOMAS THOMPSON. I am an officer. On the 7th of February, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner, Swan, waiting about in St. John-street, for a quarter of an hour - I watched him, and saw Wilkins comefrom Mr. Fish's shop - I knew he was a servant there. Swan joined his company immediately as he came out, he beckoned Wilkins down Parson's-court. I there saw Wilkins give him something, they immediately came from the court and repassed Mr. Fish's shop; I saw Swan had something bulky in his pocket, which he had not when he was waiting in the street; I followed them to the Bull in St. John-street, where they had a glass of something to drink. Wilkins said, I shall see you to night. Swan said, I will meet you there - They parted; I followed Swan up Charterhouse-lane, and asked what he had got there - He said, what was that to me. I said I insisted upon knowing what it was - He said, he would see me d-d first; with a great deal of persevance I got him to the watchhouse. I asked him to pull it out of his pocket; he said, he would not. I pulled one pound and a half of tobacco out, and told him I would fetch the man whom he had it from. I went to the shop and brought Wilkins to him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I had been watching opposite the shop for a quarter of an hour.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUNN
               



            . I was with Thompson; he has spoken correctly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILKINS'S Defence. It never came out of of my master's shop.
SWAN'S Defence. I bought it of a man for 6s., in the morning.
WILKINS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 48.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
SWAN-

               GUILTY
             Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
