





507. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FULWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 2nd of May
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wreford
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did steal, a bag, value 1 s. and forty-eight pounds weight of thread, value 9 l. his property; and that he, about the hour of ten in the night of the same day, burglariously did break to get out of the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch for the parish of Cripplegate. On Monday the 2nd of May, a little before ten at night, I was going past the prosecutor's house, No. 69. Aldermanbury: I observed the prisoner looking out of the door, first one way and then the other. I thought there was something that was not right. I stepped up Dyers-court to watch; in my situation in Dyer's-court, I could see every thing that was done. While I was standing there, I observed the prisoner look out of the door the second time; he put the door as it were to; he opened it the third time, and looked out; he then opened the door wide, and threw something across his shoulder, which was this bag. He came out of the house, and went towards Love-lane. I followed him, and overtook him. I took hold of the bag. He had got about twenty yards before I came up to him. I said what have you got here; he said, thread. I asked him where he was going with it; he did not tell me. I then told him I must insist upon taking him into custody; he said he would send for his master; I said I would be perfectly satisfied with that, but I must take him to the watch-house. In my taking him to the watchhouse, he threw down the bag, and made his escape. I took the property home to my own house, locked it up, and went and communicated it to Mr. Wreford. I then went to Mr. Wreford's stable; the door was shut, with the key inside. I knocked at the door, and called the prisoner by name; he did not answer. I broke open the door. The prisoner was sitting on the corn bin I took him in custody. I told him as he had made his escape, I must secure him; he said he would surrender, he was sorry for what he had done; it was for want of money. I took the bag home to my own apartment; I have kept it ever since. The contents of the bag is the same as the prisoner threw down. I am certain the prisoner is the man. He was never out of my sight from the time he came out of the door, until he escaped. I had seen the prisoner before.


                  JOHN 
                  WREFORD
               



            . I am a wholesale haberdasher
, No. 66, Aldermanbury


, in the parish of St. Mary, Aldermanbury. The prisoner was my porter
. On the night the last witness came to my house, I went with him to my stable; we found the door locked, with the key inside. We called him repeatedly; he made no answer. We forced the door open; and in my presence he was sitting upon the corn chest. When he was brought out, he said he was sorry for it; he hoped I would not punish him. There is nothing in the bag I can swear to. I had such articles as are contained in that bag. I had very large quantities of these articles; the prisoner had constant access to them. The value of the thread in the bag is rather more than nine pounds; the bag is worth about a shilling.




               GUILTY
            , aged 24,
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house, nor of breaking it.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
