







1039. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     POUND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RUSS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, one shawl, value 1s.; two aprons, value 1s.; one bed-gown, value 1s.; two yards of flannel, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  ; three gowns, value 6s.; one apron, value 6d.; and one frock, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Osborne
                        



                     
                  ; one gown, value 2s., and two bed-gowns, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  ; one shift, value 1s.; one apron, value 1s.; one pair of stockings. value 1s.; one frock, value 6d., and one bed-gown, value 6d., the goods of the 
                     
Directors of the Poor of the parish of St. Pancras



.
MARY BROWN. I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brown
               



            . On the 3d of June I was in St. Pancras work-house


, in the nursery-the prisoner was also there. I lost two children there; they were buried at eleven o'clock that morning - I and Smith attended the funeral. I left the articles stated in the indictment in my room. The prisoner, Russ, said she would put them away for me. The prisoners absconded. My shawl was found on Pound.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was a pauper in the work-house
. On the 3d of June Brown went to attend the funeral of her-children my things were tied up in a bundle. When I came home Pound met me in the passage, and said she had taken them down to the laundry. Next morning I was informed she had absconded. I went to the laundry, and found my things were not there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the master of the work-house. The prisoners were paupers there. They absconded.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am beadle of Bloomsbury parish. I apprehended the prisoner, Pound, on the 8th of June, in Dyot-street, and found a gown and shawl on her back. She said she stole them from St. Pancras workhouse, with another girl, whom, she said, might be found at No. 2, Charles-street, Drury-lane. I went and found Russ there. She said she stole a gown, which another girl in the room had on. She gave it to me.
(Property produced and sworn to).
POUNDS'S Defence. I never said I stole them.
POUNDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RUSS-NOT GUILTY
.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
