





1101. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HAMLET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, a five-pound Bank of England note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Hay 
                           Cameron
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HAY CAMERON
               



            . On the 19th of September, I missed a five-pound note; I was then lodging at the New Exchange coffee-house


, kept by a person named Price, I had received sixty pounds from my bankers, Sir. 
               
                  Peter 
                  Pole
               



             and Co.; I received it in three ten-pound notes, four five-pound notes, and the rest in one-pound notes; I put them into a box of my own and locked it, and I am quite sure I did not myself unlock it between the 13th and 19th; I know the prisoner, he was my servent. I moved on the 19th from the coffee-house, and I missed this note after I moved on that day. I went to my chambers in the Temple, and immediately on getting there, I opened my box, and found that one five-pound note was gone. I went on the same day to the coffee-house, to inquire; Mr. Price the master of it made inquiries among his servant
s; and one of the servants gave him some information. In consequence of that he gave me some information, and I requested him to go to a certain place and get something; the ship at Charing Cross. He got the note and brought it to me; I took it to my bankers, and I asked him the number of the five-pound notes they had given me, and I found this note was one of them.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I keep the Ship, in Charing Cross; I know the prisoner, and have seen him there several times, I remember giving him change of a five-pound note; that was on the 18th or 19th of September. I look at this note, there is 13th 9th upon it. I had no other five-pound note at that time. I am certain this is it.
MR. PARSONS. I am clerk in the house of Pole and Co.; they are bankers. I remember Mr. Camerons receiving some money from me; one of the partners came to me with Mr. Cameron's check, and I paid it; it was for sixty pounds, and drawn by C. H. Cameron; I paid it in three tens, four fives, and ten ones; I took the numbers of the fives, and one of those numbers correspond with the number of the note produced, No. 12413, dated March 13th; I think there can be no doubt that this is one of the five-pound notes paid in payment of Mr. Cameron's check. I took nothing more than the number and date of the note.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite clear of what my master accuses me of. The time I was paid off, I had eleven pounds given me for wages, and I brought eight pounds to London; some was notes and some was silver.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
