





291. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of March
, a watch, value 5 l. a ribbon, value 2 d. and two seals, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Goodwin 
                           Hammond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  GOODWIN 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . On the night of the 25th of March I met the prisoner in Drury-lane, we went to No. 5, Charles-street


, and after I had been half an hour in the room with her I took my watch out to see the hour; she snatched it out of my hand, and ran down stairs; she said she would be up again in a minute; I stopped about twenty minutes to see if she would return, she did not.
Q. What was there besides the watch - A. Two gold seals and a gold key. The next morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was with Humphreys when he apprehended the prisoner; I saw her searched, the seal and key was found in her pocket. This is the seal and key; I know the seal and key to be mine. There is a notch I made upon the seal.
Q. What was the value of your watch - A. About four pounds, and this seal thirty shillings, it cost me two guineas.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of March I went with the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner. When I went in, I said, Poll are you here; she said, yes. I said, Poll, you know the thimble; she said she did not know what I meant.
Q. What is the cant phrase, a thimble - A. That is the ordinary name for a watch. I asked her if she had the thimble; she said, no. She turned out her pockets, and in taking the things out she was longer than she ought. I said, stand aside. I heard something fall, I said what is that, she said a little rouge. I said, what you do your face with? she said, yes. I picked it up, it was this seal and key. The prosecutor said it was his; the prisoner denied ever being with the prosecutor at all.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor went with me into Parker-street, he paid a shilling for the room. He told me he had but one shilling in his pocket. I went down stairs, and he lit me down himself, and half an hour afterwards he met me again. He had the gold seal and key in his hand; he said, if I would go with him he would give it me; he would return and make me a compliment; I was not to make away with it; I did not. I know nothing of the watch, no more than you do. The prosecutor said he had given six shillings to a young woman that ran away.
Prosecutor. I did not give her the seal and key. She took the watch, two seals, and a key; the prisoner had six shillings and sixpence of me; no other person took a shilling from me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
