





844 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of October
, 44 yards of flannel, value 2 l. 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hewitt
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hewitt
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENITT
               



            . I live in St. John-street, St. James's, Clerkenwell


, I am a linen draper

, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hewitt
               



             is my partner, we both live in the house.


                  HENRY 
                  CRASE
               



            . On the 17th of October, near four o'clock, I was down St. John-street, I observed three or four pieces of flannel lying in the middle of the pavement, and at the same time a man running with a large roll of flannel under his arm: he ran from the door with the flannel, turned down Great Sutton-street, the prisoner was then on the opposite side of the way, watching, he followed at a distance nearly parallel with myself. In Great Sutton-st. they got the head of me near a hundred yards; at the further corner of Great Sutton-street the prisoner received the flannels of the man who took it, we continued running down Old-street, the man who took it then remained behind. I followed in my gig until we came to the turnpike in Old Road; I left my gig at the gate, and pursued him on foot, he not being aware that I was following of him, he turned down Whitecross-street, and ran through an immense quantity of alleys which that part of the town consists of, until he came to Bunhill row, I then lost sight of him at the corner of a court, he turned down Bunhill Row; I waited there some time to see if I could get any traces of him. I returned to Mr. Hewitt, he went with me to the office in Hatton Garden, and I went in search of the prisoner with Hancock the officer; and after searching for him, we met the prisoner in Whitecross-street, without the flannel, I pointed him out to Hancock, he took him in custody. The prisoner in running through the courts took his apron off, and wound it round the flannel: he did that in the act of running, he did not stop to do it.

Q. Did you ever find the flannel - A. No; when he was taken, the apron was twisted round his body; we have the apron now in court, I can swear to the man. The other man on his taking this piece of flannel away, the other pieces fell down in the street, that it was that attracted my attention.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . The gentleman applied to me, and after searching several houses, the gentleman said, there he is. I ran after him, catched him, and turned him round, he had this apron on, I found in his pocket a one pound note, a dollar, and some halfpence.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in St. John-street that day.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
