





451. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, a great coat, value 12 s. a pelisse, value 13 s. a waistcoat, value 6 s. and a pair of trowsers, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Borros
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  APTED
               



            . I am 
               
                  James 
                  Borros
               



            's shopman, No. 9, Monmouth-street


. On the 29th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I had occasion to go into the yard; I asked a little boy to mind the door for me. I had not been gone more than two or three minutes before a little girl ran to me, and said the shop had been robbed, and her father had taken the prisoner with the things, and had got him in the shop. I hastened in, and I saw the prisoner there; I asked him how he came to take them.
Q. Did you find any thing upon him - A. Yes. Mr. Clarke, the witness, had taken him. I asked the little boy where he was when the prisoner stole the things; he told me that the prisoner came and knocked him down. This he said in the prisoner's presence. The prisoner said nothing. He said, when the man stole the things, he called his father, and told him a man has stolen a coat, and his father ran out and saw the prisoner going round the corner with the things on his arm; he brought them back into the shop. Mr. Clarke had taken them from the prisoner, he gave them to me; they are here. This is the great coat, it is the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Borros
               



            ; he keeps a clothes shop. A lady's pelisse, a waistcoat, and a pair of nankeen trowsers; they are Mr. Borros's. They are altogether worth one pound sixteen shillings and sixpence.


                  HENRY 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I work in the kitchen underneath the shop of Borros. I heard the boy sing out, father; the man has stolen a coat; I ran up stairs; I saw a man going round the corner of Great St. Andrew-street with these clothes upon his arm. I pursued the prisoner, and brought him back with these clothes into the shop, and to the best of my recollection these are the things that I took from the prisoner, I gave them to Apted.
Prisoner's Defence. I know myself guilty of taking them. I leave it to the mercy of the court. I was really distressed.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
