





916. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August

, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Eitheridge
                        




                     
                  , a leather bag, value 1 d. and five 1 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EITHERIDGE
               



            . On the 15th of August I met with the prisoner at Limehouse. I was quite sober. Between six and seven in the evening I and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jarvis
               



             went into a public-house; we were getting a pot of beer. The prisoner came in; Jarvis asked her to drink; the prisoner drank; he then asked her to take a walk with us; she did; the prisoner went with us to Whitechapel


. My friend Jarvis slept with the prisoner; I slept with another woman.
Q. What money had you - A. I had five one-pound notes in a leather bag.

Q. When had you seen the leather bag and the five one-pound notes - A. I had the notes about nine o'clock the evening before I lost them. I missed them on Monday morning, between the hours of two and three o'clock.
Q. Have you ever seen them since - A. Yes, at Shadwell office. I cannot say who took them from me. They were found upon the prisoner. On the Sunday evening we returned to Limehouse again. It was on the Saturday I and my friend slept with the girls.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner; on her I found a leather bag containing five one-pound notes. She said she found them by the side of the prosecutor. These are the notes.
Q. to prosecutor. Is that your bag - A. It is my bag; in it is the rag that the notes were wrapped up in.
Prisoner's Defence. I never touched his pocket; I picked the bag up. I never saw it in his possession. The man that I slept with had a great deal of property. I did not touch his money.
GUILTY, aged 35.




               Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
