





1494. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, 23 lbs. of silk, value 60 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bredel
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Chabot
                  



               
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  CHABOT
               



            . I am a dyer

, and am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Bredel
               



            ; we live in Fashion-street, Spitalfields


; the prisoner had left our service about six weeks before this robbery. On Tuesday morning, the 3d of August, I found that we had lost between 20 and 30 lbs. of silk - some raw and some boiled; it was taken from a closet in our skeining-room. On examination, I found that the premises had been entered by the churchyard-wall, which joins the back of them - they must have entered our loft to go to the skeining-room door, which was in the dye-house; they had endeavoured to force the door open - the key of this door had usually been hung up at a distant part of the dye-house, which the prisoner knew, but it was not there that night. After failing in their attempt to open the door, it appears that they must have returned up stairs and taken out some four inch brick-work, which made an opening into a room over the skeining-room, where there is a flap-door communicating with it, which is not always locked; the key of the closet was in the foreman's desk in the skeining-room. This desk was wrenched open, the key of the closet taken out, and opened with it - the closet was not forced open, but all this silk was taken out of it. Next morning, when the people came to work, they discovered the loss, and on looking round, one of them found an old coat of the prisoner's in the lower part of the premises, where the door had first been attempted. I have never found the silk.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  BADHAM
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ I have the care of all the silk. The silk in question was locked up in the closet on the evening of the 2d of August; I put the key of the closet in my desk in the sameroom - I had the key of the desk in my possession. In the morning I found the place had been entered and robbed. On examination, I found they had taken down a board, got into the loft, and broken a four-inch wall, and got through the trap-door into the skeining-room. My desk was broken open to get the key of the closet, as I found the key in the closet, which was not broken open. It must have been some one who knew the premises. I saw the coat which was found, it is the prisoner's. We lost about 30 lbs. of silk.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRETT
               



            . On the 2d of August, about ten minutes past six o'clock in the morning, I found the coat in the dye-house, about three yards from the skeining-room door; I took it up, and carried it into the skeining-room directly - all the men recognized it as the prisoner's - this is it - (looking at it) I knew it by a mark on it, which is particular. It was not there the night before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLINER
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house four weeks and a few days. On Saturday he did not come home all night; on Sunday evening he came home with his great coat on; I said,
"What! have you taken to your great-coat this warm weather?" he said
"Yes, it is a coat I work in in cold weather to do cold jobs." When he got up on Monday morning, he took the coat away on his arm. I did not see him again for five weeks after. The coat produced is the one. I did not know he was going to leave.
Q. What day of the month was it - A. It was the Saturday night before the robbery was committed. He came home on Sunday evening about nine o'clock.
Prisoner. Q. How do you know the coat to be mine - - A. By the colour.


                  ROBERT 
                  HICKMAN
               



            . I remember the day of the robbery - I saw the prisoner the morning before at a public-house, he had the coat produced, on the table; I am certain it is the same. I asked him what he was going to do with it? he said to work in it. I shewed him this mark on it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BALIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the public-house with this coat. I know it by having seen him wear it.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 30th of September I apprehended the prisoner in Spitalfields.
Prisoner's Defence. I left my coat and shoes in the dye-house when I left their employ. One of the men has been discharged since for dishonesty - it is a plan among them to throw it on me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FARREL
               



            . I am a weaver, and lodge in Widegate-alley. On the 2d of August the prisoner lodged with me, and on the Saturday before that. On the Tuesday morning, at half-past five o'clock, I took him out with me; he then went into the country for a fortnight.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. You mean to swear he slept at your house on Saturday night - A. Yes, and Monday night.
Q. Where was he on Sunday night - A. I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
