






510. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     YATES
                  , alias 
GATES





            , and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May, a portmanteau, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wyer
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WYER
               



            . I am a trunk-maker
, I live in Oxford-street. I can only speak to the property.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 5th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was passing through Oxford-street I observed the two prisoners at the bar. I observed the two prisoners and another in company with them, standing at the corner of Chapple-street, leading into Orchard-street, and having seen these prisoners before caused me to stop; they observed me and went away; they all three went down Great Chapple-street. I crossed Oxford-street, and looked down Chapple-street to see which way they turned; not seeing them I walked a little way up Oxford-street, in less than five minutes I saw them all three coming on the opposite side of the way, on the same side of the way they were on before; I hid myself by the side of a hackney coach; I saw each of them, as though they took it by turns, walk as far as Mr. Wyer's door; they did not go altogether. Gates took this portmanteau from off others that were placed at the door where it was standing for sale; immediately that he took it, Man and the other that is not apprehended ran off; they followed Gates, who had the portmanteau. Gates, on turning his head off, saw me coming after him; he ran with it as far as the corner of Titchfield-street, there he dropped it opposite of Mr. Leaf's door; he ran down Titchfield-street, I passed the portmanteau, into Dean-street, he took up Dean-street into Oxford-street again. I called out, stop thief; he crossed Oxford-street and ran to the corner of Rathbone-place, where he was stopped. I took him in custody. The prisoner asked me, what I wanted with him, he had done nothing; and as I was conveying him to the place where I saw the portmanteau drop, I found he had his hand in his waistcoat pocket, and he seemed very uneasy; I clapped my hand upon his hand as he had it in his pocket, and he brought out this clasped knife half open. I conveyed him back to the place where I saw the portmanteau drop. Mr. Leaf came out of the shop and said, you are looking for this, and gave the portmanteau to me; then conveyed him to the office. Man was not taken till the Wednesday night following. I know no more than seeing him in company with Gates.
Q. You are sure as to their persons, are you - A. Yes, I know them both well.


                  JAMES 
                  LEAF
               



            . I live at the corner of Titchfield-street. The prisoner dropped this trunk at my door, the party called out, stop thief, and run after the prisoner. I took the trunk in, and delivered it to the officer when he returned.
Gates's Defence. As I was coming down Oxford-street I ran to see what was the matter, I was stopped at the corner of Rathbone-place, and this gentleman took me to Mr. Wyer's shop.
Man's Defence. I am innocent of what I am brought here for. I know this young man by being in his company two or three times. The officer never knew me in my life.
SMITH. I saw him brought to the office with Gates; he was committed and tried last sessions for a burglary.
GATES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.
MAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
