






149. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SERVETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Want
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS WANT. I live in Newgate-street. On the 3rd of December I was in Goswell-street


, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, with Mr. Cosbald; just at the corner of Compton-street, a young man said, "Mr. Cosbald, your friend has lost his handkerchief, and the person who took it has run down Compton-street." I ran down, and took the prisoner, Ryan, who was running; he said it was the first time he had ever done such a thing, and begged of me to let him go. Mr. Cosbald took Servett, and found the handkerchief in his breast.

CHARLES COSBALD. I was walking with Mr. Want-at the corner of Compton-street, Neale informed me that Mr. Want had lost his handkerchief, and pointed the prisoners out, who were running down Compton-street. Mr. Want took Ryan, and I took Servett, and found the handkerchief in his bosom; he said he found it. As we went to the office, he said he never would be guilty of it again.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEALE
               



            . I was coming down Goswell-street, and saw the two prisoners behind Mr. Cosbald and Mr. Want. Ryan took the handkerchief out - I ran over and told them. I am sure the prisoners are the men - They ran away.
The prisoner begged for mercy.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
SERVETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
