





831. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     ROSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, two sheets, value 12 s. one bolster, value 12 s. one blanket, value 4 s. one pillow and case, value 4 s. one tablecloth, value 2 s. and one quilt, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Norton
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am a single woman
, and have two rooms let to me in Fitzroy-place


, in theparish of St. Pancras, one of which I let to the prisoner at the bar; I contracted to let to her with the lodging the things which are named in the indictment, and which were stolen. She left my lodging, and kept the key for a long time after she left. I could not get into the room, and after she had been gone seven weeks, and not before, I sent for a blacksmith, and broke open the door, and then I found these things missing. I sent for a constable named Read, and had her apprehended. We found her in Tottenham-place, and then she gave the duplicates up to the officer.


                  HALL 
                  REID
               



            . I am the officer who apprehended the prisoner, and she gave me six duplicates, which were for the articles stolen.


                  THOMAS 
                  WADMORF
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. All these things were taken in by me and my shopman, Baylis.


                  CHARLES 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Wadmore, pawnbroker, in Tottenham-court-road, and I took in a part of these things.


                  Sarah 
                  Nowton
               



            . All these are my property.
JURY. Did you, during these seven weeks, which you state to have elapsed, between the time of the prisoner's quitting her lodging and her apprehension, always know where to find her - A. I did.
JURY. Then why did you break the door open - A. Because I applied to her several times for the key, and she said, she would not give it up until she had put back the things which she had taken, and so I broke open the door to see what were missing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Watson.
