





902. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of October
, six shirts, value 1 l. four pair of trowsers, value 10 s. a coat, value 1 l. four pair of stockings, value 4 s. a blanket, value 12 s. a pair of shoes, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 2 s. a book, value 2 s. and a bag, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Kent
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Davis
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  KENT
               



            . I came on shore on the 4th of October. The prisoner came up to me, and asked me if I had a lodging; I told him I had no lodging. Then he took me to the house of Davis; I then took my clothes to Mr. Davis. I paid a shilling for the night, and on the next day, I went and looked out for a ship. The prisoner took my clothes, and went away; on the night of the 5th I missed them. My handkerchief and book I found on the prisoner, and the next day I found my coat; the prisoner had sold it to a barber. The bundles I gave to Mr. Davis to take care of. I lost two bundles altogether; containing all the articles in the indictment, and many more.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at No. 3, Angel-alley, Nightingale-lane


, I let lodgings. On the 4th of October, the prisoner and the prosecutor came to my house to take a lodging; the prosecutor was to lodge with me. I knew the prisoner three years. They both came in together, and they both went away together. The prisoner brought the bag. The prosecutor returned without the prisoner, about nine o'clock; he slept in my house.
Q. When did you see the prisoner next - A. The next morning, about nine o'clock. The prosecutor went out in the morning before I was up, and before the prisoner came. The prisoner came about nine o'clock, and enquired for the prosecutor; I told him to go up and see whether he was at home or no. He returned in about half an hour, and enquired if the prosecutor had been; I told him no, he had not been. He told me he was going to take the bag away, part of the bag belonged to him, and part to the prosecutor; they were going to lodge together, they were not coming any more to lodge at my house; then he took the bag away. I saw the prosecutor at night again. The prisoner came again, and left word with me to tell the prosecutor he was going on board the 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



            , and that he was to come to him on board the 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



            , in the London Docks; he said, the Captain had got a birth for him to go to work, and when I saw the prosecutor, I told him the bag was gone. I went with the prosecutor, and found the prisoner at the Shepherd and Dog, on the same day, the 5th, at night. I asked the prisoner where the bag was; he said, it was in the London Dock, he could not give it me until the morning. We got two watchman to take him; he made great resistance; in the scuffle, down dropped this book, handkerchief, and steal; the prosecutor claimed them. The prisoner then said, half in the bag was his, and half the prosecutor's. The prosecutor said all the property in the bag belonged to himself.


                  PATRICK 
                  LONG
               



            . I am the watchman that took the prisoner, on the 5th of September, at nine o'clock at night; he made great resistance, and swore if he got clear, he would act Portuguese fashion with us.
Prosecutor. The property in this bag was all mine; this book, handkerchief, and steel, are mine.
GUILTY, aged 38,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               




