





1163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARTLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing; on the 3d of March
, two silver table-spoons, value 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lord Lynedoch




            , Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath
, Sir


                  Alexander Inglis 
                  Cochrane
               



            , Knt.
, 
               
                  
                     Archibald 
                     Brown
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wood
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  George William Hughes 
                  D'Aeth
               



            , Esqrs.




SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Postans
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hilton
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HILTON
               



            . I am butler to the United Service Club
, Regent-street, St. James's


 - I am responsible for all the property there. The prisoner was employed to attend the gas in the house
, and had access to every room. He came on the 1st of February, after which I missed plate continually, and employed Gillmore.


                  JAMES 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobree, who is a pawnbroker, and lives at Charing-cross. Three or four months ago the prisoner came and offered two spoons in pledge. He could not satisfy me about them. I gave him in charge of the watch-house-keeper, detained them, and have had them ever since. I am certain he is the man.
PHILIP PILORIM. I am keeper of St. Martin's watch-house. Lawson gave the prisoner into my charge. He took me to where he said he lodged; they said he did not lodge there then, but gave him a good character. He then said he had a box there, and took me up stairs - hethen jumped down a whole flight of stairs, and escaped. I found no box there. He was afterwards given into my charge.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge this day fortnight. I found the spoons at Dobree's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
