





1477. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP JAMES 
                     PLUMMER
                  




               
             was was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, one 10 l., five 5 l., seventeen 2 l., and one 1 l. promissory notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wingrave
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Humphries
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WINGRAVE
               



            . I live at Luton, in Bedfordshire. On the 13th of October I enclosed the notes in a parcel, with a draft for 20 l. I sealed the parcel with three seals, and sent it by the Luton Blucher coach to London - my daughter delivered it to the coach - they were Luton bank notes; I saw two of them last Monday, they were brought into the Luton bank that day; there was
"Birdseye," written on each of them, which I had observed when I put them in the parcel. It was directed to 
               
                  George 
                  Dickens
               



            , No. 6, White Lion-street, Norton Falgate. I have seen the prisoner in town about a year and a half ago.


                  MARY 
                  WILLINGBACK
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Humphries
               



            , who keeps the Half-Moon, public-house, in Carthusian-street. Last Thursday fortnight, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner came and asked if Clark had brought a parcel for Mr. Dickens. Clark is coachman of the Blucher coach. I looked among the parcels, and told him there was none. My mistress said it was in the till, and I gave it to him from the till. I saw him at Worship-street office on the Wednesday following, and am certain he is the person.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Perring
               



             and Co. bankers, Cornhill. On the morning of the robbery I paid the prisoner 70 l. in exchange for one 10 l., five 5 l., seventeen 2 l., and one 1 l. Luton notes. I am sure he is the person, because he presented the parcel of notes. I counted them, and asked him the amount - he said 65 l. I counted them a second time, and made them 70 l. again. I asked him where he brought them from? I think he said from a person in St. John-street. I said I made them 70 l., and gave them to him to count; he said again he made them only 65 l. I handed them over to my fellow-cashier, he made them 70 l., and I paid him. This fixed my attention to him, and I am certain he is the man. He was dressed like an hostler.


                  GEORGE 
                  DICKENS
               



            . I live at No. 6, White Lion-street, Norton Falgate. I expected a remittance from Mr. Wingrave - it never came. The prisoner was never in my employ. I have known him about two years; he knew Wingrave and I had business together. I never authorized him to call for the parcel; I sent my lad for it on the 14th, at three o'clock, and it was gone. 8 l. in Bank notes, and 19 s., were found on the prisoner when he was taken,


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday last I apprehended the prisoner at Cheltenham, in the street; he knew me directly, and called me by my name. I took him into the Crown, public-house, and told him I came from town to apprehend him, for that parcel. I asked him to give me what notes he had got - he gave me eight 1 l. Bank notes from his pocket, a silver watch, and a gold key. He said a chap of the name of Handsome Billy had taken him to Oxford, and robbed him of 34 l.; that the watch was bought with part of the money, and as soon as I got to town I should pull Handsome Billy, for he was with him when he got the parcel. I asked him what he had done with the 20 l. bill, he said he had thrown it away, I know Handsome Billy.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not make me intoxicated before I said any thing - A. No, he was quite sober, we gave him nothing till afterwards. I only gave him a glass of rum as he got on the coach to come to town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
