





1016. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAGGERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, one watch, value 30s.; one chain, value 6d.; one seal, value 6d., and three keys, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Beaton
                  




               
            .
GEORGE BEATON. I live in Butcher-row, East Smithfield


, and keep the Golden Anchor public-house
. On the 15th of June, I got up at half-past four o'clock in the morning, and left my wife and child in bed. My watch hung at the bed-side. I shut the bed-room door, and left the key in it. The prisoner, and three others, slept at my house that night. They came down together, at about five o'clock, called for a pot of beer, and then went out. I went up stairs, and found the bed-room door wide open; my wifeand child were asleep. I awoke them, and missed the watch. At half-past six o'clock, the prisoner and the three other men went by my door again. I ran after them, and collared two of them. The prisoner was afterwards secured. I charged him with the robbery; he denied it.


                  JAMES 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and found four men in the house. They denied the charge. I took them to the watch-house. I began to search them, and found a chain and key on the prisoner, which the prosecutor claimed. The prisoner said it was not the prosecutor's, for he bought it in Scotland. The prosecutor still insisted that it was his; he knew it by a knot in it. The prisoner appeared confused. I put him in a separate place from the others. He then said, "Let me out, and I will tell you all about it; but don't tell the others what I have told you." He went to a cupboard in the watch-house, and brought me out the watch, seal, and two keys, and gave them to me. The prosecutor claimed them. He offered me money, to go to the prosecutor, and beg for him.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. The prisoner said he was a guilty man, and that the others were innocent. One of the men was a Mulatto.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to my counsel.


                  ADAM 
                  TAGGERT
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. I was in his company. We all four slept in the prosecutor's house. The prisoner and I slept in one room; the other two slept in another room. I and my brother came down first; M'William, who was one of them, came down last. We were all taken to the watch-house. While the officer was locking the door, the Mulatto man put his hand under his frock-coat, took the watch out, and dropped it into the coal-hole. The prisoner lifted the chain out, and put it in his pocket.
Q. Your brother did not bring the chain from Scotland No; I said no such thing to the constable.


                  RICHARD 
                  BOGARDUS
               



            . I happened accidentally to be in the watch-house when the prisoner and his companions were brought in. I know nothing of them. All four were put into the same room with me; the prisoner was afterwards taken out, and put into a separate room. After he was taken out, I happened to look through a hole in the door, and saw him take the watch out of the coal-hole, and give it to the officer.
Q. Who put it there - A. I saw the Mulatto man take something from him, and put it in there.
Q. Was there any conversation between the prisoner and the Mulatto - A. I heard the Mulatto say, "I have got 40l. coming to me; and if you will take the charge upon yourself, I will take care to collect the money, and settle it with the landlord and officer, so that you shall not be hurt."
COURT. Q. How long is it since you were discharged from Newgate - A. I came out the day before yesterday, by proclamation. The prisoner's brother was present when the Mulatto asked him to take it upon himself. I really do not know what I was charged with.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
