





374. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HAMILTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, two dollars, value 11 s. a three-shilling bank-token, an eighteen-penny bank-token, two shillings, and one sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Newton
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH NEWTON. I am a barge-man
. I live at Bishop Stortford. I was walking along Cheapside


, I made a slip on the side of the pavement. It was on the 4th of March, in the evening, about half past eight o'clock. The prisoner was near me; she said, countryman, do not knock me down. I said, I will not knock you down if I can help it, but I have made a little bit of a slip in walking along. She said, I believe you are a countyman by your look. I said, yes. She said, pray what countryman are you I said, I come from Ware in Hertfordshire, my native place. She said she knew some people down there. She said she lived at the back of the Mansion House; she kept a gentleman's house there, if I would walk a little way down with her to take a letter. I walked with her, and when I got into a court she said, Oh, my dear, I should like to go to bed with you all night. I said, if you want to sleep with me you must go to the Bull, at Aldgate. She said, no, I wish you would take a bed here. I said, no, you have taken my money out of my pocket. She said, if she had she would keep it. I called out, watch. The officer came and said, what is the matter. I said, this woman has robbed me of eighteen shillings. He took charge of her. I never felt her take it at all.
Prisoner. Did not you give me something to drink - A. I did. I gave you a glass of gin.
WILLIAM HOBBS. I am an officer. I heard the cry of, watch. I immediately ran. I saw this man hold the prisoner by her two shoulders. I asked him what was amiss. He said, that she had robbed him of eighteen shillings. He described the pieces of silver and the rest of the money that she had got in her pocket she was going to pay her rent with. I took her to the Compter. I found upon her the pieces of silver exactly as he told me. This is the money.
Prisoner's Defence. What money I had was my own. It was given me by a gentleman.
Prosecutor. It is the amount of my money. I cannot swear to it. I held the prisoner fast until the officer came.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
