





16. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GURNIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, a watch, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Quilter
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  QUILTER
               



            . I am a solicitor
. I lost the watch on Sunday the 20th of November, from my house in Castle-street, Holborn


. I had agreed to take the prisoner into my service that morning, his mother being a servant of mine; about twelve o'clock on that day the prisoner came to my house. I let him in. I had sent his mother out half an hour before that to see if she could got him released from the tender; he had been taken there, as I understood, for some misdemeanor that he had been guilty of.
Q. Who had sent him there - A. I understood the day before he had been sent from Hatton Garden office. I asked him how he got his release from the tender; he informed me he was taken up without any proper charge. I told him I was afraid he had got into bad company and idle habits, I therefore would take him into my employ, and keep him out of harm's way for the future. I sent him down stairs, and he went into the kitchen. Shortly afterwards I sent him on one or two errands, which he executed; and returned about two o'clock. I told him I had occasion to go out, desired him to stay and take care of the house until his mother returned. I went out and returned about four o'clock; the door was opened to me by a carpenter whom I had left in the house doing some jobs. I asked him where the boy was; he said he went out shortly after I did, and had not returned. I dismissed the carpenter, and shortly after the prisoner's mother came; in two minutes after a lady from Fetter-lane came and told me, that she had been informed that I had been robbed of a watch by my maid's son, and he had taken the watch to a pawnbroker's in Fetter-lane. I then said, it is not my own watch which I had about me, it was another watch which I had entrusted to me, which I had lent to the mother, and she had been entrusted with it two or three days previous. I went down and asked the mother where the watch was; she said she had left it hanging up in the kitchen. It was not there then,


                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live at 39 Fetter-lane. On Friday the 20th of November, between two and three o'clock, the prisoner brought a gold watch to me, for which he asked ten shillings, he told me it was his mother's, his mother was cook to Mr.Quilter, and that his grand-mother had left it to his mother. I told him I must make enquiry and send for an officer, and when the officer came I thought it prudent to enquire of Mr. Quilter whether it was correct, and when I went there his mother nor Mr. Quilter was not at home. The constable has got the watch.
SMITH. I am an officer. I have had the watch ever since his commitment.
Prosecutor. This watch is the property of a lady in the West Indies. I have had it in my care some time.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take it with intention to keep it. I wrote a note and left it on the table or dresser, saying to my mother that I wanted ten shillings, for her to take it out that night.
Prosecutor. I believe there was such a note on the dresser.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
