





183. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of January
, one hundred and nineteen newter skins, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dyster
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Dyster
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DYSTER
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street


, I am a hide and skin broker

; my partner's name is 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Dyster
               



            . On the 20th of January, about half past four in the afternoon, Kinnersley the officer called at my accompting house to enquire if I employed a man of the name of Cooper; he had stopped him on the 18th of January with some skins; I requested the officer to leave the accompting house and I would send for Cooper; I did, the prisoner came; I asked him how long he had been a dealer in Newtery, that is, skins, from South America, he told me that he never had any; I told him I was informed that he had some in his possession on Thursday, which he denied; I then sent for the officer, he came into the accompting house and challenged him with the fact.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am an officer. Me and my partner, Forrester, were coming away from Petticoat-lane on Thursday the 18th of January, about seven in the evening; he noticed a man going past us; he said, Kinnersley, that man has got something secreted under his coat; I pursued him and stopped him in Petticoat-lane; I asked him what he had got there, he said some monkeys skins; he bought them in East Smithfield of a jew; my partner came up; I enquired what he was going to do with them, he said, do not you know me, my name is Cooper, I used to watch for you. He was a watchman in our ward. I asked him what he was going to do with these skins, he said he was going to make money of them; I let him go; he being a poor man, and knowing him, I thought what he said was true. After I left him I was rather sorry I had not stopped him and made some further enquiries into it, and on the Saturday following I was going to the watchhouse, I said to a person that recommended him for a watchman that I had met him with some skins; he replied he knew all about it, he had sold two dozen to a jew for twenty-four shillings, and he advised the jew not to buy any more of him, as he worked for a respectable gentleman in Leadenhall-street, and he must have stolen them; I went to Mr. Dyster, and when I was called into the accompting house, I said, Cooper, do not you recollect me stopping you with these skins; yes, he said, I do - how came you by them? he said a jew sent for him at the warehouse down to the waterside to purchase these skins. One of the gentlemen said, how could he tell such a story; he was very much agitated, and then he said he only stole two half dozens. The master then gave me charge of him, I lodged him in the Compter, and then I went to his house in Little Middlesex-street, Petticoat-lane; I went up two pair of stairs, I searched the room and found these skins; there are ten dozen all but one. Some were under the bed.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg for mercy; I have a wife and three children.
Prosecutor. It is impossible for me to swear them to be my property; they are like the skins that we have lost. We missed fifteen dozen.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
