





527. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HAYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, three shawls, value 14 s. four caps, value 4 l. three pair of gloves, value 6 s. a veil, value 2 s. 6 d. three pieces of lace, value 10 s. 6 d. a strainer, value 12 s. a caddie ladle, value 3 s. a locket, value 2 l. a broach, value 12 s. and a hat, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Lankester
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  LANKESTER
               



            . I live at No 15, Bread-street, Cheapside


. I am a cotton and linen factor
; I lived there at the time the robbery was committed, but I have removed since. It is in the parish of Allhallows


, Bread-street; I keep the whole house.
Q. When did this happen - A. On Monday the 10th of June. I was not at home; there was only a servant in the house.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LANKESTER
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I know of the property being in the drawer on the Sunday.
Q. What was the prisoner - A. I never saw heruntil I saw her at Hatton Garden office. The property I left in the drawer on Sunday evening. I went out on Monday morning, and missed it on Tuesday morning.


                  JAMES 
                  BURNE
               



            . I live at Mr. Baxter's, pawnbroker, 79, Snow-hill. I took in of the prisoner on the 11th of June, a scarf, and on the 10th I was present when she pawned this hat; I did not take it in myself; a child's cap, and a large silk shawl were pawned by two different Irish women. I am sure the white scarf was pawned by the prisoner to me, and the hat I saw taken from the prisoner.
MR. DAVIDSON. I am a pawnbroker, No. 14. Skinner-street. I produce a silk scarf pledged for five shillings, a silver shield, a silver caddie ladle, a pearl locket, and a pearl broach, pawned for seventeen shillings, three caps, three pair of gloves, a white handkerchief, a lace veil, and three remnants of lace for seventeen shillings; all these things were pawned by the prisoner on the 11th of June I am sure she is the person; two of them in the name of Briant, and one in the name of Harrison.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer From the description I received from the pawnbroker in Snow hill I apprehended the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. The things are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the charge. I never did pawn the things; I know no more about the things than the child that was born last night, or any more about them than you do. You may do just as you like with me.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
