





18. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     COWDLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Titchew 
                           Mortimer
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 24th of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 4 l. 4 s.; one seal, value 30 s.; two keys, value 15 s. 4 d., and one ribbon, value 2 d., his property
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TITCHEW MORTIMER
               



            . I keep the Cock, public-house
, in Love-lane, Billingsgate. On the 24th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Gracechurch-street


, the prisoner came up to me, laid hold of both my hands, and said,
"how are you, shipmate?" He held me for a few seconds, and then gave a signal for two others to come up; they came, and he slipped aside, the other two ran against me, and one of them took my watch - I turned round, and pursued the two as far as a tobacconist's shop, finding I could not take them, I turned, and ran up Leadenhall-street, and took the prisoner by the East India House. I am certain he is the man.
Q. Did they strike you - A. No, they ran violently against me.
Q. What signal did he give - A. He called out to them.


                  SARAH 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. Last Sunday night a tall man brought the watch to me, and said he hoped we should give up further proceedings.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor, and was talking to him; we had been at sea two years together. Two men came and took his watch - I pursued after them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TITCHEW MORTIMER
               



             re-examined. I had seen the prisoner five or six years ago, at a house which I kept in St. Martin's-le-grand. He did not run to assist me - he ran the other way.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
