





858. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, five shirts, value 30s.; three gowns, value 6s.; two pockets, value 5s.; one napkin, value 6d.; one handkerchief, value 6s., and two pinafores, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Oliver 
                     Naylor
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Oliver 
                  Naylor
               



            , who is an exciseman
, and lives in Maida Vale, Paddington


. On the 13th of April I hung the things out to dry, after which I took them off the line, and put them in a basket in the garden. In about ten minutes a man called, and asked if I had lost any linen? I went to the garden, and missed a quantity out of the basket - I found it at the public-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HATT
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 13th of April, about twelve o'clock, as I went to Paddington, I met two suspicious characters. I returned before my usual time to look after them, having lost linen myself. I met the prisoner with a large bundle of linen under his arm-another man was with him; I took him into custody. I took him to a public-house, and sent for a constable, who found the articles stated in the indictment in the bundle, and some in his hat.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I found the property, part in the bundle, and part in the prisoner's hat - I also found some skeleton and picklock keys on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave them to me to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
