





860. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHEARMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, three spoons, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bowerbank
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am one of the city constables. On the 25th of September I went to Mr. Bowerbank's, No. 50, Lothbury


. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shearman
               



             was called up to me respecting another business. I asked her if she had got any pockets on, she said, no; I then said, I must feel and see; I found she had one pocket, in that pocket was a pocket book, and in the pocket book I found some duplicates, and among them, two relating to these spoons, one ticket two table-spoons, and the other a tea-spoon. I went to the pawnbroker's, he refused shewing them; I told them I was an officer, the woman was in confinement. It caused me to get an order before the Lord Mayor the next day, I went to Mr. Guest's, No. 63, Fleet Market, they were produced at last.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWERBANK
               



            . I live at No. 50, Lothbury. The prisoner lived with me as a domestic servant
 between three and four months. When the spoons were produced by the pawnbroker before the Lord Mayor, I knew them to be mine, they are silver.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOWER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Guest, pawnbroker, Fleet Market. On the 21st of August I took in two table-spoons of the prisoner, I advanced half a guinea on them; the tea-spoon was taken in by a young man in the shop, he is not here.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
