





141. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BILLING
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 2d of December
, 70lbs. of lead, value 20s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his, feloniously did rip, with intent to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT. For stealing, on the same day, 70lbs. of lead, value 20s., belonging to the said 
               
                  William 
                  Wilson
               



            , and fixed to a certain building of his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I live in Millman-street, Bedford-row. I was building a house in Spafields


. On the 2d of December, at eleven o'clock in the morning, the lead was safe on the roof; the next morning I was sent for, and found it ripped up, doubled down, and several slates broken-it was all in one piece, ready to be carried away. There were sixty-seven pounds of it.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was passing the house, about half-past five o'clock in the evening of the 2d of December, and heard a noise on the roof. I went into the next house, and heard some person pulling the slates off. I got a light, went on the roof, and found the lead ripped off the gutter, and the slates off the roof-the trap-door of the house was open. I went down the other house-when I got down, I found the door of Wilson's house locked. I broke it open, and found the prisoner in the corner of the room on the ground-floor, and sent Cox, who was with me, to take him. There was no other person there.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I was with Taylor-he was spoken correctly. I took the prisoner in the house, and saw the lead rolled up in the gutter.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I am a plasterer. I saw Taylor on the roof, and the prisoner secured. I found a chissel in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
