







74. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BONE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PETERKIN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEESON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, a hat, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I deal in hats
, and live at No. 22, Ayre-street - hill


. I lost this hat on the 31st of October, in the evening, at about five o'clock; I went and snuffed the candles in the window, and the hat was then hanging up safe. In about ten minutes or so, a man came running in, and said, what have you lost, and after I looked, I told him my black hat was gone; that was the only one of that sort I had in the window. He said don't you disturb yourself, you shall see the hat and the thief in ten minutes, and so I did, for he brought them both back, and that is all I have to say.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday, the 31st of October, I observed the three prisoners in Clare-street, Clare-market; I have a knowledge of them, and suspected them as they were standing together; I saw them separate, and go to a cheesemonger's shop, and from their motions, I could perceive that they wanted to steal some cheese, but they could not succeed. I followed them, and saw them attempting at several shops, until they came to Leather-lane, and then I ran down to Hatton Garden office, to get young Read to come and assist me. When I fetched him, we saw the prisoner Bone, attempt to lift off a box of plumbs from a grocer's door, but he could not succeed. While Bone was at the grocer's shop, the other two were walking up and down outside; we then got them into Ayre-street - hill, to the prosecutor's house; Leeson then went into the shop, and the other two went a little lower down. He had not been in a moment scarcely before he came running out, with something in his hand in front of him; I thought it was no use to let them go any further, and so we apprehended them. Peterkin left the other two, with the hat in his hand; Peterkin soon after put the bonnet out of his hand, and I went back and found it stuck upon the railing, at a door where we took him, and I found Bone walking at the bottom of the hill with Leeson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I saw Leeson go into the shop, and in a moment he ran out down the hill as hard as ever he could, and soon gained the other two, he gained the other two in Warner-street, opposite the public-house; there I saw them hand something, and then they separated; Peterkin went one way, and the other two came towards Ayre-street - hill. We found the hat on the railings.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
BONE, GUILTY, aged 28.
PETERKIN, GUILTY, aged 29.
LEESON, GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
