





1217. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HAMBLETON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, one pocket-book, value 1d., and two 5l. and two 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  Even 
                  Evans
               




            .
EVAN EVANS. I am a carpenter
. On the 1st of July, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was in my shop in Bird-in-Hand-court, Long-acre


; I took my pocket-book out, and put it on a bench close by me-the window was open. I was looking over some papers, some person knocked at the door, I went to open it, leaving the pocket-book on the bench; a little boy asked for a halfpenny worth of shavings - I told him to take them. I went back to the window, Pellett asked me if I had lost any thing? I immediately missed my pocket-book, which had two 5l. and two 1l. notes in it. I had seen the prisoner in the court just before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PELLETT
               



            . I live opposite to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner about a quarter after seven o'clock in the morning, with his back against my shutters; while I was opening a shop at the corner of the court, I saw him attempt to reach over the prosecutor's shop window three times; I saw him speak to a little boy, and give him something. I afterwards saw him reach over, and take a black pocket-book out of Evans's shop. I told Evans, and pursued after him, but lost him. I saw him in Charles-street, Drury-lane, two days after, and gave him in charge. I knew him very well before, and am sure he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEAUCHAMP
               



            . I saw the prisoner against Mr. Pellett's window; he gave me a halfpenny to go to the prosecutor's shop to get a halfpenny worth of shavings. I knocked at the door, and asked for them; Mr. Evans came to the door, while I was getting them the prisoner went away.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
