






111. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of December
, seventeen pound weight of hair, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               

                        Edward Joseph 
                        Mallough
                     



                  , junior







            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JOSEPH MALLOUGH
               



            . jun. I am a wharfinger

 and warehouse keeper

, 18, Harp-lane, Tower-street.


                  JOHN 
                  OLIVER
               



             BOYES. On the evening of the 23th of December about a quarter past six I saw some person creeping under the wall of St. Botolph's wharf


, there appeared to be something bulky before him, as the prisoner was turning the corner to go up Botolph gateway I made up to him and asked him what he had got, he made no answer but tried to get away from me, we then had a scuffle, I threw him and kept him down upon his breech and called out to a person on the wharf and told him to go to Fresh Wharf to tell them that I had got a person with some of their hair.
Q. There were some hair upon Fresh wharf - A. Yes, there were, and no where else on the Quays besides; it was about fifty yards from Fresh wharf where I stopped the prisoner, he was coming from Fresh wharf Mr. Mallough came and recognized the prisoner having been at Fresh wharf a night or two before. Mr. Mallough fetched an officer, I delivered the prisoner and the hair to the officer. I went and examined a bale on Fresh wharf, it was cut and a quantity of hair taken out.


                  JOHN 
                  LOWRY
               



            . I am a constable, I took the prisoner in custody from the last witness, and this hair.
MR. MALLOUGH. I believe it is my hair, it was laying on the wharf to be loaded; I had such hair as that and there were no other any where about; the prisoner said he found it; I am sure he is the same man I had seen him there before
Prisoner's Defence: I went to the Quay to see a shipmate of mine and turning back I got that on the Quay, I took it up in my arms and coming along a man asked me what I had got, I told him I believed it was hair, I threw it down.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
