





418. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, one gold seal, value 3 l., and one key, value 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Elsam
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ELSAM
               



            . I live in Fleet-street. On the 16th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I had been drinking with a friend, and was walking towards Temple-bar


 with him, near Chancery-lane


. While I was in conversation with him I felt a tug at my watch, put my hand to my fob, and missed my seal, and key; almost at the same instant a boy rushed by me; I turned round, and saw the prisoner with him, within a yard or two of me. I I collared him, and took him to the door of Mr. North's shop, one of the shopmen opened the door; I took him in, and charged him with stealing the seal, which he positively denied. He said he was the son of a gentlewoman, living in Coleman-street. I desired him to deliver up the seal; he said he was not the person, who took it. A lady came into the shop, and said, in his presence, that she saw him cut it off. He said she must be mistaken, for he had not got it - it was afterwards found by Mr. North's door, in the area, where I first detained him - a knife was also found in the door-way, where he was detained - my seal and key were cut from the ribbon.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. He passed me on my right hand.


                  MARY 
                  SHAW
               



            . I live in Duke-street, Lincolns Inn-fields - my husband is a compositor. I saw the prisoner come from behind me, and push between me, and Mr. Elsam - nobody else was between us. He made a stop for a moment, and then made a motion like a snatch with his arm, and walked on very fast. I immediately took hold of his arm, and assisted in taking him into the shop, which was not above two or three yards off - nobody was near enough to take it but him, nor could any one have dropped it but him.

Cross-examined. The prisoner's back was close against me. I saw him make a snatch, and then rush over - we took him across the area.


                  JOHN 
                  MURTHWHAITE
               



            . I am in Mr. North's service. I found the seal and key in the area.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a patrol. I found a knife in the doorway, within a few inches of the area.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was getting out of a crowd, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
