






1201. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SHEARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July

, 160 lbs. of lead. value 30 s., the property of 
                     
His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent



                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MARNHAM
               



            . I am a poulterer, and live at Acton, on the Uxbridge-road, two miles from Castlebar. On the 9th of July, about five o'clock in the morning, I was coming towards town, and saw the prisoner behind me with an ass and a pair of panniers heavily laden; I knew him by sight before - he lived at Hanwell, about a mile from the Duke of Kent's; I suspected he had got lead - he passed me. I was determined to follow him and see where he went to. He went to a cottage in St. George's-row, kept by Taylor, who is a bell-hanger - he stood at the door. A man came out, whom I believe to be Taylor, or his man Parkins. The hampers were covered over with grass to hide the lead; I went away, leaving him with the ass at the house, and fetched Woodbury. We went there, and the first thing I saw was the grass which covered the hampers lying by the side of the lead, which was doubled up to go into the hampers. There was some wet dirt on the lead, and some in a pint pot, also a sack with Mr. Johnson's name on it. Woodbury put the lead in the sack, and took it away in a cart - it appeared to be just shot out of the the scales. There were some large weights in the scales like what the lead would be weighed with; we immediately went towards town with the lead in a cart. When we got through the turnpike into Oxford-street, we met both the prisoners together with the same ass and panniers, returning towards the house. I saw some wet dirt on the panniers like that on the lead. We took them both to the public-house. I left them both with the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. How far does Woodbury live from Taylor - A. About half a mile.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of August, about a quarter past six o'clock, Marnham applied to me. We went to Taylor's; I pushed the door open, and the first thing I saw, was grass on the carpet, and a little mould. I then went to a shed which was open, and found a quantity of lead flatting lying by the side of the prisoner's scales with large weights in them; there was a little mould on the corner of the lead, and a little grass strewed about the yard - Parkin's was at work there. I took the lead away, and on our return we met the prisoners together just by Park-lane, returning towards Taylor's house. I took them into custody, and asked Taylor how he came by that lead? He said it was left by or for Mr. Bradshaw, of Bayswater. As I was taking him to the office in a coach, I asked him what he came to town with Shearman for? He said it was to get change for a note to pay Shearman 7 s. 6 d. for some old iron in the yard - it appeared to have been there a long time; it had been rained on and could not have been brought there that morning. I asked him what occasioned him to come to town when I found 25 s. on Shearman? he made no answer, but Shearman said he wanted the silver to buy fish with. As I sat in the coach I said to Taylor,
"Why have you got no stocking on? you got up in a great hurry." He made no answer.
Q. Did Taylor say if he was at home when the lead was brought - A. He said he came from his house with Shearman. After they had been a week in custody they were discharged, no owner being found. On the 22d of July I received information, and took the lead to the Duke of Kent's, and saw it fitted to the roof of his lodge; it tallied exactly in every place, and made up the exact quantity; it fitted the nail holes exactly, and weighed 160 lbs.
Q. What height is the roof from the ground - A. About eight feet.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the iron near the scales - A. No, the lead was near them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEES
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street, and was with Woodbury when he took the prisoners. I asked Taylor why he came to town so early? He said to buy tea and sugar - I understood him to say he had none about him. He had passed all the grocers' shops. Shearman denied having had any dealings with Taylor.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LAWFORD
               



            . I am clerk of the works to the Duke of Kent. I saw the lead fitted to his roof, and am certain it is the same. I had seen it safe about five weeks before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEATH
               



            . I have the care of Castlebar house. About the time of the robbery the prisoner, Shearman, worked within thirty yards of the lodge.


                  HENRY 
                  BRADSHAW
               



            . I am a plumber, and live in Craven-place, Bayswater. I sent Taylor no lead that day. I sent him some to weigh some time before.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know him - A. Yes. He was in the habit of going without his stockings.
SHEARMAN'S Defence. I sold him old iron.
TAYLOR'S Defence. The lead was left the day before in a cart.
SHEARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
