





732. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD JOHN 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 14th of February
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        Thomas Meux

                     
                  , 
                     
                        Andrew Read

                     
                  , 
                     
                        William Wigram

                     
                  , 
                     
                        George Hobson

                     
                  , and 
                     
                        David Hunter

                     
                  , and Co. and was employed and entrusted to receive money, for and on their account, did receive, and take into his possession, the sum of 55 l. 4 s. 6 d. for his said master, and that he afterwards did secrete, and embezzle, and steal the same
            .
CAPTAIN 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. In the beginning of the month of February were you indebted to the house of Meux and Co. any sum of money - A. Yes, upwards of fifty pounds.
Q. Did you authorise any person to pay that - A. Yes, a person of the name of G. H. Fowler.


                  GEORGE 
                  HORN FOWLER
               



            . Q. Did you pay any sum of money in February last to the house of Meux and Co - A. I did, to Mr. Yates. I paid fifty-five pounds four shillings and sixpence. I saw the prisoner write that receipt, and he gave it me.
(Read.)
="February 14, 1812.
Received of Captain 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



             the sum of fifty-five pounds, four shillings, and sixpence, for Meux, Reid, and Co.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN YATES
               



            .="
55 l. 4 s. 6 d.
MR. BEALE. Q. I believe you are cashier in the house of Meux, Reid, and Company - A. I am. They are brewers in Liquorpond-street. The prisoner was a clerk in their employ.
Q. Was it part of his duty to receive money on their account - A. It was. He was the principal clerk in that department; to receive money he was.
Q. When he received the money in what mode was he to make the entry - A. In the money journal.
Q. Look at that money journal, 14th of February, in the present year. Is there any entry of the receipt of fifty-five pounds four shillings and sixpence, of Captain Smith - A. No, none on that day, nor on any one day there is not.
Q. Is that the book in which he should have made the entry - A. Certainly. If the entry had been there it was his duty to pay the money to me, and I should have put my initials in that money journal, and then the entry would be transferred to the ledger.
Q. Have you ever received that sum of money of the prisoner - A. No, I am quite sure of that.
Q. In consequence of this was the prisoner sent for from Portsmouth - A. He was, about three weeks ago.
Q. Upon that occasion was he charged with having received sums that he had not accounted for - A. He was.
Q. Did he, upon being so charged, tick a list of sums of money he had so received - A. This is the list he gave to me, a list that he had by him, of his own hand-writing.
Q. Does that list include the sum in question - A. It does include the sum of one hundred and seventeen pounds seven shillings and sixpence, of Captain Smith. The sum in question in this and other indictments.
Q. Do you know the partners in your firm - A. I do. There are nineteen.
Mr. Alley. Did not you communicate to him, that if he would let you know the sums that he had received he might pay it when he could - A. Certainly not.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
