





264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARTSHORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, three shirts, value 9 s.; three pair of drawers, value 5 s.; eight pair of stockings, value 8 s., and one handkerchief, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Waugh
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Hedley
                        



.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hedley
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HEDLEY
               



            . I am a laundress
. On the 18th of December, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was in High-street, St. Giles's


, three doors on the other side of St. Giles's church, and had the articles stated in the indictment in a bundle. The prisoner stood at the end of Dudley-court. I saw him plainly by the light of the lamp before he took it. He came up the court, and snatched the bundle from my arm. I called out Watch! ran after him, lost sight of him at the end of the court, and did not see him until he was at the watch-house, but am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a watchman, and heard the cry of Stop thief! in Dudley-court, and went towards the court; the prisoner ran out, with several people pursuing him - I saw the things on the pavement in Denmark-street. I passed them, and stopped him by the church - he lost one of his shoes in running. The prosecutrix came to the watch-house in about ten minutes, saw the prisoner with four or five others, and picked him out herself.


                  JOHN 
                  STEEL
               



            . I am a watchman. I was standing opposite Dudley-court, in Crown-street, and saw the prisoner come down the court with the bundle under his arm. I sprung my rattle and pursued. Somebody said,
"It is only fun, don't pursue him." I saw him throw the bundle down in Denmark-street, I picked it up. I am sure the prisoner is the man that I saw with the bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
