







576. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DALTON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     LEVY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, a watch, value 4 l. a gold seal, value 1 l. and a watch-key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Burton
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURTON
               



            . At the time this watch was taken from me I lived with my father at No. 3, in the City chambers, Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Did you lose a watch on the 12th of March - A. Yes, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon the watch was in my fob.
Q. How long before you missed it did you perceive it safe about your person - A. About an hour. I was in a crowd in the Minories


 at a fire; I went to look at a fire.
Q. While you were standing looking at the fire can you tell me whether you saw the three prisoners about there - A. No. I felt a great crowd; they were pushing about me very hard, just before I missed my watch. While I was in the crowd I found my waistcoat lifted up; I missed my watch. That was just after I felt the pressure about me. It was a gold watch, worth about four pounds; a gold seal attached to a ribbon; the seal was worth a pound; the key was a metal key.
Q.How long after your perceived your watch missing was it before you saw either of the prisoners - A. About half an hour. I seized Phillips and Dalton myself, in consequence of information. When I had taken these men many cried, take this man and all, and then Levy was laid hold of. They were searched at the time; the watch has not been found.
Q. Did either of the men say anything to you when you laid hold of them - A. Phillips said he would knock me down, and dared me to take hold of him. Dalton said, mind you do not get in the wrong. That is all I know.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am a carpenter. I work for Mr. Moggeridge; I live in Bethnal-green. On the 12th of March I was at the fire; it was at the back of the Minories; the name of the place I do not know. I saw these three prisoners, and two more; they appeared to be in company, and acting together; all the five were near Mr. Burton. I saw Phillips take Mr. Burton's watch; then Phillips and Dalton went away, leaving Levy behind and the other two in the crowd. I informed Mr. Burton what I had seen. I afterwards saw Mr. Burton lay hold of Phillips and Dalton; I had pointed them out to him. Another man brought Levy to the office in Lambeth-street. I am quite sure Levy was one of the five. I had seen them all there about half an hour before they robbed Mr. Burton. I cannot be mistaken in their persons; after I saw the watch in Phillips's possession. I never saw how it was disposed of.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LION
               



            . I am a master-cooper in Seething-lane. The fire took place at a gun manufacturers in the city of London, near Glass-house-yard, Minories. I had been at the fire about an hour. I was informed that a gentleman had been robbed of his watch; I instantly went to the place where Mr.Burton had got hold of Phillips and Dalton, in the crowd. I said, I was an officer. Mr. Burton gave them me in charge. They neither of them said any thing. Levy was brought to the office soon after I got there. The watch has never been found.
Phillips's Defence. I was coming along the Minories; the fire attracted my attention. I was not two minutes at the fire before I was charged with taking this watch. I am innocent of the charge.
Dalton's Defence. When Mr. Burton accused me I told him he accused the wrong man. I never saw the watch. I never knew either of the prisoners in my life.
Levy's Defence. I was at home at my mother's at dinner; there was an alarm came that there was a fire in Rosemary-lane; my mother said, for God's sake go and look whether it is near your sister. She lived in Rosemary-lane. I stopped and looked at the fire. Some of the persons said I had a suspicious look, having a yellow handkerchief on. I was taken to the office.
PHILLIPS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
DALTON, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LEVY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
