





862. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PURVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, one chariot, value 40l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnes
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Giles
                  



               
            , widow
.
MR. THOMAS BARNES. I am a coachmaker

, in partnership with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Giles
               



            , widow; we live in Oxford-street


. In the beginning of January the prisoner came to me, and observed I had a number of carriages standing idle, and that he was about agreeing with a customer of his to let a number of carriages, horses and coachmen, out; he said he would call again, but asked me to let him see some to give him an idea. I shewed him a plain yellow chariot, which I offered to let him at a guinea and a half a week; he said it was more than he could give, as he had made an arrangement with a gentleman. He called again eight or ten days after, and wanted me to let it him for less, saying it was for an invalid, who would make very little use of it-that it would only be used an hour or two in the day to take him into the Park, and that he would only engage it for the first two or three days, not knowing whether the gentleman would continue it longer; but if he found benefit from the air it might be kept two or three weeks, or, perhaps, a month; but he could only give a guinea a week, as he had agreed with the gentleman for 16l. per month, if he kept it, for carriage and horses, and he was to pay a coachman nine shillings a week out of it. I agreed to let him have it at three shillings a day, but told him not to consider that as a regular price always. On the 12th of January he fetched it away himself with one horse, instead of sending the coachman, as he proposed - He repeated the agreement to my clerk, and gave his address at Stephens'-mews, Rathbone-place. I had frequently seen him pass my house before, but did not know him - He said he lived opposite to me. When I came home I had information, and gave my man directions to go there every day for a month, but he never could see it. About a week after it had been out the prisoner called, and said the gentleman did not exactly approve of it, and wished another. I offered to change it, and shewed him two others - He said the step of the first was not convenient. I meant if I could get the first returned to keep it - He never came to change it. When the month was up I went to demand it; he said it was at Southampton, and that on the 14th or 15th of February I might rely on its being returned, as the gentleman was coming to town. I sent repeatedly for it. On the 11th or 12th of February I sent there every hour in the day. Early next morning I went to him - He was denied to me at first. I found him in the hay-loft at Rathbone-place; he then came down, and abused me very much; said he did not care for me, nor all the police-officers in town; that the carriage was in his possession, and he would keep it, and if I was not satisfied with his character, I might go to Messrs. Lubbocks, the bankers', where he had six or 7000l.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I found him where he said he lived. I found neither straw nor hay in his stable. I understood I could not demand it before the month had elapsed.
Q. When he came about changing it, why did you not tell him to return it - A. I meant to coax him. I never said I would sell it to him - He has not paid the hire.


                  JOHN 
                  HERBERT REEVE
               



            . I am the prosecutors' clerk. The prisoner called about the carriage. He said he had engaged it a few days previous, of Mr. Barnes; that it was for an invalid; I told him I knew nothing of it, but did not doubt but all was right. He called for it on the the 12th of January, with a horse. I noticed he did not go to Rathbone-place, but turned towards Soho-square. I ran out soon after, but could not see the carriage. I went to Stephens'-mews, and could not find it there. About a week after, he called, and said the step did not suit the gentleman. Mr. Barnes shewed him some others - He never returned. On the 8th of February the month was up, I went to him, and asked him to return it; he said a Mr. Janson had it at Southampton, and he expected it up every day-that it certainly would be up by the 15th, but if it was not he would call - He did not call. I went to him again, he abused me, and said the gentleman would remain till April. He would not give me the gentleman's address.


                  THOMAS 
                  PENNOCK
               



            . I am a carriage-broker, and live in Drury-lane. On the 17th of January I bought the chariot of the prisoner for 20l. 10s. I have his receipt for the money. Mr. Barnes claimed it, and he has got it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a coachmaker. In January the prisoner called on me several times, and told me he had a chariot to sell - He shewed it to me. I told him I could not give above 20l. for it, and recommended him to Mr. Pennock.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a stable-keeper, and live in King-street, Bloomsbury. The prisoner brought the chariot to my yard, and asked me to let it stand there, about three months ago - I told him I could not; it was Mr. Barnes's. It stood in my yard two nights.
MR. BARNES re-examined. The chariot is our's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
