





1313. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, three beds, value 16l.; six pillows value 2l.; three bolsters, value 2l.; 12 blankets, value 4l.; two rugs, value 7s.; one carpet, value 30s.; one table, value 1l.; one fender, value 3s.; one set of fire-irons, value 4s., and three kettles, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Rolls
               




            .
JOHN ROLLS. I am in the employ of Benjamin Hodges and Sons, who are distillers. On the death of my wife I gave up house-keeping, and took a house, No. 6, Lisson-street, Lisson-grove


-the articles stated in the indictment were among the property there; the person whom he took the house of is dead. The prisoner came into possession of it at the latter end of last year, and lived in it-my property remained there, locked up in two rooms; I had the keys. I had agreed to pay him 4s. per week for the rooms. I lived at Westminster. In consequence of information, I applied at Marlborough-street office on the 13th of August, got an officer, and went and found the house empty, no person was there, nor any furniture.
Q. In what state did you find your two rooms - A. The door of the outer room was opened, and the articles stated in the indictment gone - They were all safe on the 14th of June, when I saw the prisoner, and paid him the rent; I have never found any of it. About the 17th of August the prisoner was apprehended. My property was worth above 50l.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Between the 14th of June and the 13th of August, you do not know how the property might have gone away - A. No; I belive he let part of the house out.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a shoemaker. The prisoner gave me leave to work in the house; I went there on the 15th of June, there was nothing but five chairs in his apartments-the prosecutors doors were shut. I left on the 21st of June. While I was there the prisoner carried two chairs away.


                  JAMES 
                  GREENOP
               



            . I am a milkman. Between five and six o'clock in the morning, from the 15th of July to the 21st, I met the prisoner on different mornings going down the New-road, one morning he had a green fender and a set of fire irons; another morning I met him with a bed tied up in a blanket; at another time with a basket. He came in a direction from Lisson-street.
Cross-examined. Q. What part of the New-road did you meet him in - A. Between Gloucester-place and John-street.
Q. What business was he - A. I believe he was a broker. I knew he once lived in Lisson-street, but had left the house, which made me suspect him.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am a baker, and live opposite to No. 6, Lisson-street. The prisoner removed his own furniture before Midsummer day. On the 10th of August, about nine o'clock at night, my wife called me, I saw the prisoner come out of the house with a large bundle under his arm; I went to him, and said, "You d-d rascal, you have been robbing the house, I will charge the watch with you." He immediately ran away as fast as he could. I called the watch, but he escaped. The prisoner knew me very well.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOK
               



            . I lived with the prisoner, he left the house before quarter-day, and took his furniture with him.
Cross-examined. I have not been in the house since February.
Q. Was you not his partner - A. No; cards were printed in our joint names, without my leave. I had a key of the house; nobody could get at it.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 17th of August. He said he would go quietly, if I would let him walk without holding him. When I took him he said he knew it was about some furniture; he afterwards said, "This can be made up, let us go to a public-house and have some beer." I refused.
Prisoner's Defence. It is a spiteful prosecution. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
