





1165. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PLAYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, a watch, value 3l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Tuck
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Tuck
                     



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TUCK
               



            . I live in Tottenham


, in the house of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Tuck
               



            . I left my watch on the mantleshelf in the front room, on the day in the indictment; when I saw the watch again, the prisoner was in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  CATLING
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to me by a young man who works for Mr. Tuck.


                  CHARLES 
                  TUCK
               



             put in a written account as follows, "I am dumb, I am a cordwainer, but I here state the case in my own hand writing, to be the truth and nothing but the truth. I saw the door opened and saw a stranger in the parlour. I had the presence of mind to look for the watch that was hung up, and I saw it was gone; I took hold of the man who had come in, and he dropped it behind him.
(The witness was here asked when, and where, this took place, and he wrote, "the robbery was committed on the 24th of September, at Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex," On beingasked who the person was that dropped the watch, he pointed to the prisoner.)
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY aged 15.




               Of stealing to the amount of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
