





1322. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, twenty bushels of oats, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Waterhouse
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a chaff-cutter to 
               
                  William 
                  Waterhouse
               



             at his stable at South Mins. On the 3d of June, I had orders to watch, I laid among the straw by the cornbinn; between twelve and one o'clock at night, the prisoner, and another, man came up and filled five sacks with oats, and took them away to the road-side, I followed after the other man, leaving the prisoner behind in the granary; I told the foreman, after which I went to look for the corn and found it on the road side ready to be put into the cart which was drawing up, loaded with hay, which was going to town that morning; the prisoner had been Mr. Waterhouse's servant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOVER
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Waterhouse. Having missed corn several times, I told Young to watch, he came to me - I caught the prisoner by the binn - He denied it - I gave him in charge, he got away, and six weeks after he was taken again. I am certain he is the man.


                  LEWIS 
                  PIGE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 2d of September, I had information and went for the prisoner at Low Leighton; I traced him from there to Limehouse and took him. He acknowledged filling the sacks.
Prisoner's Defence. Being out of work I laid down in the stable, about half-past three o'clock, I went into the loft and they took me. I ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
