







572. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     RILEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NEALE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, a pocket-book, value 14d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Barnett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am a merchant
. On the 8th of April, I was coming though the Strand


, at about four o'clock in the afternoon, in company with two other gentlemen. I felt someone touch my pocket, and turning round, I saw a man in a great coat gently let go my pocket, and pass on. I suspected my pocket had been picked, but found it had not. I turned round shortly afterwards, but the person I had seen was gone. Mr. Vaughan came up, and asked me if I had lost any thing, and I found my pocket book was gone. He requested me to accompany him to Bow street, which not being able to do, I gave him my address, and a description of the things in the pocket-book, and the pocket itself. I went to Bow street the following morning, and learned that three persons had been apprehended; one of whom, had my pocket-book. On seeing those three persons, I recognized Riley as the man who let go my pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I on monday, the 8th of April was in the Stand, at about four o'clock, and saw the three prisoners at the bar in company together. They were coming from Charing Cross, following a gentleman, who was going towards Somerset House; they left him by Akerman's, and followed the prosecutor, Mr. Barnett. Riley went up to Mr. Barnett's pocket, and sounded it with his right hand. He then went and spoke to the two other prisoner; they passed the prosecutor, and joined again behind him; then King, the old man, was on the outside, Riley was next him, and Neale was next the houses. Then Riley went up to Mr. Barnett's pocket, and raised the bottom of it, and had one of his hands partly in; Mr. Barnett turned round, let go of his two friends, and Riley walked on two or three yards, and looked in at a window; then Mr. Barnett walked on towards Charing Cross, and the prisoners joined in company together, in similar situations as before, and walked after the prosecutor. They followed him about thirty or forty yards; when King, the old man, took a silk handkerchief out of his own pocket, and Riley went up to the prosecutor's pocket again, and drew something out, which King immediately caught up in his handkerchief, and then they all three ran towards Covent Garden. I went up to Mr. Barnett, and in consequence of what passed between him and me, I went to Bow-street, and got a brother officer, and we went to a house in Wild-street, where I guessed the prisoners had gone to. We apprehended Riley coming out at the door, and apprehended the other two in the house. On searching Riley, we found a pocket book, which the prosecutor swears to.
Riley's Defence. The pocket book that is there, is mine; I bought it from among a hundred in Exeter Change; I have not got the man here that I bought it from.
Neale's Defence. I might be in the Strand, but I was not in company with these men.
King's Defence. I was going down to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, to fetch a parcel for my sister.
RILEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
NEALE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.
KING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 67.






               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
