





542. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EMMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, six silver tea-spoons, value 30 s. four silver table-spoons, value 3 l. a pair of sugar-tongs, value 7 s. a salt-spoon, value 2 s. a pearl broach, value 10 s. a gold seal-key, value 10 s. a coral necklace, value 10 s. and a caddy-ladle, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a silversmith
, in Cheapside


. The prisoner was my porter
. In the month of April, I looked over my goods; I told the prisoner I missed four silver forks; and on the 15th of April I charged him with having those things that I had lost. I went to his lodgings with Jennings, a friend of mine; and Willoughby, the officer, also went with me. He lodged at 106, St. John-street. On searching his lodgings, we found six silver tea-spoons; they are worth about thirty shillings.
- WILLOUGHBY. At the prisoner's lodgings, I found these four silver table-spoons, six silver tea-spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, a pair of salt-spoons, a gold seal, key, a silver watch, and a pearl broach, and a paste broach, a coral necklace, and a silver caddy-ladle. I produce them.
Prosecutor. They are all mine.
Mr. Knapp. These spoons might be taken at separate times - A. They might.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I live at 106, St. John-street. The prisoner took an apartment of me. The watch he had given me to repair.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
