






629. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of July
, a warrant for the payment of 19 l. 18 s. 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Stone
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  STONE
               



            . On the 5th of July about six o'clock in the afternoon, on my passing Westminster-bridge


, I saw a number of people collected together, I found there was a boat race, I stopped at a place by myself for some time, when a number of persons that I had no suspicion of at the moment came round me; one in particular got his hand on my shoulder, pushed me down, and took my pocket-book as I supposed afterwards; I found him disappear in a strange way; I put my hand in my pocket for my pocket-book; I found it was stolen away.
Q. How soon had you seen or felt the pocket-book before - A. About ten minutes; I had Bank notes in my pocket-book to the amount of one hundred and twenty pound, and among the rest, that check was in my pocket-book; I had it of Lady Burton. In consequence of my loss I sent to my bankers', and I communicated it to Humphreys an officer of Bow-street office.
Q. Look at that check, is that the check that was stolen at the identical time that you lost the pocket-book - A. It is.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am a Police officer of Bow-street.
Q. In consequence of any communication made to you on this subject, did you go to Messrs. Coutts and Co. and when - A. On the morning of the sixth of July a little before nine I went to the bankers', and after I had been in the shop about two minutes, the prisoner came in and presented the check.
Q. Is that the check he presented - A. That is the check. I asked him how he came by it, he said that a gentleman in the street told him he would give him a shilling if he would go and get it cashed, the gentleman was in black, he knew nothing of him, he was at a distance from the house. I left him in the care of the clerk, I went out to try whether I could see the person that he described; I went a little way in the Strand, I saw a person at a shop window that I suspected; I took him in custody, and took him back to the prisoner and asked him if that was the man that gave him the the check; he said, no. I took him out; I saw another person, I asked him if that was the man; he said, no; I asked him where it was that he received this check from, and the person that he said gave it him, he said at the bottom of Catherine-street in the Strand. I asked him to look round if he could see the person; he said he could not. I took him to the office; he there said, that the very man I first brought into the banking-house was the man that he received the check of. I have not been able to see that man since.


                  ROBERT 
                  CARR
               



            . I am clerk in the house of Messrs. Courts and Co. this check was drawn by Lady Burton in Soho-square.
Q. Of course it was worth money, or you would have paid money for it - A. Yes
Prisoner's Defence. I wish to call in some people, to convince your lordship and the gentlemen of the Jury that I was not on Westminster-bridge that day; it was on the 9th of July, I believe, and not on the 6th.


                  JAMES 
                  CATMAN
               



            . I am a Victualler. I keep the Fountain in Great Shire-lane. I have known the prisoner about a twelve-month. On the 6th of July I saw the prisoner twice in my house. I cannot justly say the time; I think towards dark, he was drinking at my house, the last time he staid in my house about half an hour.
Court. What makes you swear to the day - A. I did not recollect until it was mentioned to me; I only recollect the last day he was in our house, he came in twice; I cannot speak to the day.
Prisoner. On July the 6th, the day of the rowing match, I was there from five to six o'clock.



               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
