





1174. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NEWCOMB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, one gold watch, value 10 l.; one chain, value 5 l., and four seals, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John James 
                           Debatt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES DEBATT
               



            . I live in the Poultry. On the 20th of July, between twelve and one o'clock at night I was going down Cheapside


, and at the corner of Bread-street


 I fell down - I rather think it was done purposely. I saw no person near me, but the instant I fell six or seven surrounded me - I had my watch and seals about me. They pretended to assist me up, but in so doing they kept me down a few minutes. One of the party said,
"I hope you have not hurt yourself, Sir?" I said No. A person called out,
"Have you lost your watch Sir?" I immediately felt and missed it - I saw two or three persons running. The watchman desired me to stop, and in a minute and a half two men came back with the prisoner; one of them immediately handed me my watch and part of the chain - it was then broken, but was entire before. Before I gave him in charge the watchmen begged some beer, and while one of them was gone to fetch a gallon, another said the prisoner had escaped.
Prisoner. Q. Was you not intoxicated - A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  SWADDLING
               



            . I am a whitesmith, and live in Chicksand-street, Brick-lane. I was in Cheapside, and saw the prosecutor fall - the prisoner lay down by the right side of him, and I saw him take the watch from him; three or four others were behind - I heard the seals rattle; no one but the prisoner could have done it, from the situation he was in. He got up, and walked two or three yards, then ran over to Honey-lane-market, where he stopped. I asked the prosecutor if he had lost his watch - he missed it. I saw the prisoner brought back, and took the watch out of his bosom. I am sure he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  MERRIMAN
               



            . I am a printer. I was going home, and saw the prosecutor lying on the ground - I inquired if he wanted assistance; the prisoner, and several others who were round him, ran away, I followed them - they parted, and I took the prisoner at Honey-lane-market - he said he had nothing. Swaddling took the watch from his bosom.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of August, after he had escaped from the watch-house. I took him coming out of Black Horse-yard, Whitechapel.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. (Written.) - I observed the prosecutor on the ground - I had seen him before, walking with a woman. I assisted in lifting him up, went home, and was apprehended about a fortnight after. Swaddling charged one Clark with it.


                  EDWARD 
                  SWADDLING
               



             re-examined. I saw no woman with the prosecutor - I did not accuse Clark. I was sent for to see him, and said he was not the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
