





89. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     VINCENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, one box, value 2 s., and 70 lbs. of candles, value 2 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Lindsey 
                     Holland
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Elborough
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ELBOROUGH
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler
, and in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lindsey Holland
               



            ; we live in South Audley-street


. The prisoner was our carman
. He left us in March. On Sunday, the 14th of November, about six o'clock, the bell rang - I went down. Elliot, who slept in the shop, said he had found the shop door wide open, and that he had lost property. I said it was very strange. Nothing passed till the Tuesday following, which was the 17th of November. When the Excise officers came they asked if I had heard of a box of candles which was at Marlborough-street? I found the box and candles at Mr. Pain's, in Tom's-court, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square, and knew them to be mine by the hand-writing on the box, in chalk. Mr. Pain said it was left there some time before by a man who was to call for it again, but that he did not call.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Mr. Pain is a stranger to you - A. Yes.
JAMES PAIN. I am a shoemaker, and live in Tom's-court, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square. On the 24th of October, about eight o'clock in the morning, my wife went into the yard; she came in and said there was a box in the yard which appeared to be a tallow-chandler's box - my boy went into the yard and brought it in. I untied the cord and opened it, and found it full of candles. Just as got it open a boy came and said he knew who it belonged to. I kept the box. I then went to two tallow-chandlers, but could not find the owner. About a quarter before eleven o'clock that morning, which was Sunday, the prisoner came to my house, opened the door, went into the yard, and then went up stairs. I do not know which room he went into. He came down, knocked at my door, and asked if I had not got a box which was left in the yard? I said I had, and asked if it belonged to him? He said Yes. I asked him how he came to put it in my yard, for I might be taken up for receiving stolen goods? He said nothing particular. I said,
"Young man, give me your name and address, and if it is all right you shall have the box." He said he lived at No. 71, Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea. I told him I would go and see. I went and found it was a private house. They said they had no lodgers. I went to different tallow-chandlers, but could not find the owner. They said they would make it known in the trade. On the 16th of November the prosecutor saw the box at my house, he and his man claimed it. I am sure the prisoner is the man who came for it. He acknowledged it himself when the constable took him, and said the young man who slept in the shop gave it him to take out.


                  ROGER 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am journeyman to the prosecutor. On the 16th of November I was sent to Mr. Pain's house, and examined the box of candles. The moment I saw it I knew it to be my master's property. I also knew the candles.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  PAIN
               



            . I am son of 
               
                  James 
                  Pain
               



            . On Sunday morning, the 24th of October, about eight o'clock, my mother said there was a box of candles in the yard, I went and brought them in. The prisoner called for them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I live with Mr. Pain. About half-past seven o'clock in the morning the prisoner brought the box, and said he would give me threepence to mind it till nine o'clock. I am sure he is the man.



                  JAMES 
                  THRESHER
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler, and live at No. 137, Sloane-street. The prisoner slept in the same bed with me. He was absent on the night of the 23d of October. He lived there.
JOHN ELLIOT. I sleep in the prosecutor's shop. On the 24th of October, at night, the box of candles were stolen. I found the bolt of the door pushed back in the morning; I know it was fastened the night before. I myself lost 1 l. 2 s. 6 d. in half-crowns out of my breeches pocket, and a 1 l. note from my box. I did not give the prisoner the box.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I have known him four years. I have lived twelve months with the prosecutor. I found the door open about half-past six o'clock. I lost a 1 l. note before that. I sleep close by the door at the end of the counter. The box of candles were in the cellar.
Q. You was charged with the robbery yourself - A. Yes, and lost my place through it. I had not seen the prisoner for six weeks before. I have lost the use of my right ear, and if I lay on my left I do not hear.
Q. Had you any other residence - A. I boarded at the prisoner's brother's, in Bird-street, Manchester-square. I keep my things at my master's, and live with my master now. I have got my place again.
Prisoner's Defence. 
               
                  John 
                  Elliot
               



             met me in Grosvenor-square, and asked me to call at his lodgings. I went between five and six o'clock, and pulled the bell - he came to the door, asked me to wait, he gave me the box, and asked me to carry it to Duke-street, Grosvenor-square, and he would meet me. He did not come. I took it to Tom's-court. About eleven o'clock he sent me for it. I did not wish my master to hear of it; I gave a false address. Elliot said he would call himself on Monday for it. I went to Woolwich, after giving my master notice. When Elliot was in prison he offered me a bribe if I would take every thing upon myself, in consequence of which he got acquitted.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAIN
               



             re-examined. 
               
                  John 
                  Elliot
               



             did not come for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
