





121. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GEORGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Rankin
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 24th of December
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a gold seal, value 2 l. a gold ring, value 1 s. and a gold key, value 1 s. his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  RANKIN
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 24th of December, a little before twelve o'clock at night, I was coming home from Little Queen-street


, towards Great Queen-street, I observed the prisoner with a woman hanging on his arm; I was alone, and going to give them the wall, with my hand in my pantaloons pocket. I had my seal in my right hand; when nearly opposite of the prisoner and the woman, I was in the act of pulling my hand up the prisoner came up; and my elbow touched the shop window; I immediately put my left hand to my right elbow, which it had from the touch of the bar of the window; at this time the prisoner and a woman with him were close to me, when they separated, and the woman accosted me familiarly in her discourse, and put her arm under my right arm, upon which the prisoner snatched at my seal, and feeling something give I immediately disentangled myself from the woman, and followed the prisoner, who run across the street, I got up with him, and attempted to lay hold of him with my right hand on his shoulder; in consequence of an accident, having had two fore fingers broken, I could not hold him; he ran across the street to an alley, I prevented him from getting in the alley, a scuffle ensued between the prisoner and myself, upon which I called the watch; immediately I heard the tattle spring, and the prisoner attempted to make off the second time; I again followed him, he ran towards Holborn; I came up with him at the corner of Little Queen-street, and on my endeavouring to lay hold of him, he turned a post at the corner of the street, sprung his left arm, and gave me a blow on my head and brought me to the ground, on my knee, and left hand with my face towards the prisoner; at this moment I observed the woman cross the street, and observed the prisoner and the woman in the act of giving and receiving; their hands were extended to each other; the prisoner then walked towards Holborn, and the woman towards the alley; the watchman came up and took charge of the prisoner.
Q. He got away from you twice - A. Yes; I never lost sight of him, nor was I ever above two or three yards from him. When the watchman came up I gave charge of him he was taken to the watch-house.
Mr. Andrews. Were you sober - A. Quite sober.
Q. You never found your property - A. Never.
Q. Do you mean to say you could distinguish whether it was the woman or him, that made the snatch at your watch - A. I could.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am a watchman in Holborn. On the 24th of December, about twelve o'clock, I heard a gentleman call watch; I came up, the gentleman had hold of the prisoner, he gave charge of him, I took him to the watchhouse.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 46.
Of stealing, but not violently from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
