






717. 
               
                  WILLIAM M'LAREN


               
             and 
               
                  ANDREW DONNELLY

               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Winter
                        



                     
                  , esq
; about the hour of four in the afternoon of the 25th of May
, (
                     
                        Frances 
                        Winter
                     



                  , spinster, and other persons being therein,) and stealing, one gown, value 5s. one petticoat, value 5s. one habit shirt, value 10s. one sash, value 6s. and one handkerchief, value 5s. the the property of the said 
                     
                        Frances 
                        Winter
                     



                  ; and one gown, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wise
               



            , spinster
.


                  MARY 
                  WISE
               



            . I am a servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Winter
               



            . On Saturday, the 25th, I missed some linen, between four and half past five o'clock, from the house-keeper's room; that faces the street, there is an area before it, and it is on the basement floor; there are steps down to the area; the gate of the area is never locked in the day time. I left the house-keeper's room at four o'clock, and the window was shut down; the door was not locked. I then went into the kitchen, and retured at half past five; when I returned again the window was open, and the iron bar was wrenched; it was an upright bar; there was a broom in the room within side the window, on the ironing-board; the handle of it was lodged on the ledge of the window; I knew the broom; it had been in the outer cellar for sweeping the coals up. All the family were in the house at this time; there were two men servants and two maid servants, besides myself. My young mistress was in the house; I am certain Miss Winter was at home, because I immediately went up stairs, and told her; she had not been out all the afternoon; I had not seen her in the house during that time from four to half past five; I had seen her about four o'clock, when I came out of the house-keeper's room; she was not ill, and there was nothing to prevent her from going out. Persons of the family might go into the house-keeper's room while I was in the kitchen, without my knowing it. This bar was wrenched from the screws which fastened it to the wood; the bars were so close together that the broom would not have gone between them. I missed all the articles named in the indictment; they had been placed in such a situation that a person with the broom might reach them out at the window. I saw some of them again; I saw the two gowns on the Monday following, at Marlborough-street.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am footman to Mr. Winter. I was at home on this day that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wise
               



             says that these things had been taken away. I had not been into the house-keeper's room. In consequence of what 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wise
               



             told me, I went round to different pawnbrokers, and at last to Mr. Buriows, in St. Giles's; I got there between seven and eight, I found the tallest prisoner M'Laren there; he was in a back place where other people were pledging other things, he was in one of these boxes; I don't know what he had there, or what he wanted, except by the information of other persons.


                  JAMES 
                  NEIGHBOUR
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Burrowes, the pawnbroker. The prisoner M'Laren came into a box in our shop, on the Saturday evening, between seven and eight o'clock; he offered two gowns to pledge; I wrote the tickets, and the money was counted out to him, but he did not have it; he gave me the name of Emery, he gave me that as his own name. As I was reckoning the money, the last witness came in, he saw those gowns, and claimed them. M'Laren was detained by me while Phillips went for an officer.
JOHN DAVIS. I and Hern took the prisoner M'Laren into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  HERN
               



            . Corroborated the account of the last witness.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FUEZMAN
               



            . After the last examination, M'Laren's sister brought me a note; in consequence of which, I went in pursuit of Donnelly; I could not find him; but he heard he was wanted, and he came, and delivered himself up, saying, he was conscious of his innocence of the robbery, and did not wish to avoid the charge.


                  CATHERINE 
                  RIDEY
               



            . The last witness came to my house after Donnelly; but he was not there. There was a bag shoved into my bar by a lad named 
               
                  Tim 
                  Tweeney
               



            ; it was not either of the prisoners. I kicked it out into the tap-room, and I don't know what became of it afterward.
M'Laren's Defence. I came by the property by coming into Mrs. Riley's house; I had a pint or two of beer, and sat down until about five or six o'clock, when Donnelly coming in picking up a bag in the door-way; he and I examined it, and it had the two gowns in it, which I went to pledge. I told the constable that if he would go with me to Mrs. Riley's he would find what I said was true.
Donnelly was not put on his Defence.
CORNELIOUS CROSSBY. I was in the house when two lads came in with a bag; they asked me to go into the yard with them, and they pulled the gowns out of the bag, and shewed them to me, and wanted me to buy them; I did not like to buy them, and they put them into the bag again, and they threw the bag into Mrs. Riley's bar.
M'LAREN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DONNELLY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
