





890. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHTLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               felonously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hall
                     




                  , he and others of his family being therein, about the hour of twelve at noon on the 12th of October
, and stealing therein six handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of Thomas Hall.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, No. 59, Bishopsgate-street, Without


. I lost the property a little after twelve at noon. I was in the shop by myself; on hearing a bustle at the door, I went to see what it was; I saw the prisoner, and Mitchell had hold of him; not knowing that I had been robbed, I looked towards my shop window, and missed six handkerchiefs. The prisoner got away from Mitchell; I pursued him, and brought him back.


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Winds,a coach-maker, Bishopsgatt-street. I saw the prisoner go to Mr. Hall's window; I saw him put his hand in the window, and take out the handkerchiefs he was in company with another. He gave the handkerchiefs to the other, and the other made off with them. I got hold of the prisoner to take him into Mr. Hall's shop; he got away from me; Mr. Hall pursued him, and brought him back. I am sure the prisoner is the boy; the other boy was rather taller than himself; the other boy got off.
Prisoner's Defence. That young gentleman took me to a poulterer's shop next door to Mr. Hall's shop, he asked them if I had taken any thing; they said no; then I run away; the other gentleman catched hold of me, and took me back to the shop.
GUILTY, aged 12,




               Of stealing, not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
