





661. 
               
                  MARY 
                  LOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hanley
                     




                  , Ann his wife and others, in the dwelling house then being, about the hour of eight, on the 25th of August
, and stealing therein a blanket, value 2 s. 6 d. a sheet, value 2 s. and a coverlid, value 1 s.
             his property.


                  ANN 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hanley
               



            .
Q. Is your husband a housekeeper. - A. No, a lodger. Mrs. Davenport lets the house out to different persons, she does not live in the house. On the 25th of August, at eight o'clock in the morning, I was in bed, a person came up stairs and said I had been robbed, I had locked the door and secured the window when I went to bed, it is a sash window, they entered at the window, when I was alarmed the window was thrown up, I lost a sheet, blanket, and counterpane.


                  ANN 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am a single woman, I saw the prisoner go into the passage of the house about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw her come out with the property in her apron.
Q. Does the window look backward or forward. - A. Backward, I alarmed the woman that belonged to the property, and in the course of an hour she was taken, I had no suspicion at the time that the property was stolen.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer, the woman and the things were brought to me at the watch-house, I have had them ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out all the Saturday evening, and I was rather in liquor, a woman told me to wait for her at the corner of Nag's Head court, and said she would give me something, I did not know they were stolen.
Q.(to Ann Fisher.) Did you see a woman in company with her. - A. Yes, the woman went into the passage with her.
GUILTY, aged 32.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
