





824. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BATEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, a basket, value 7 s. two-quarters of pork, value 5 l. five calf's heads, value 5 s. three calve's plucks, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Watson
                  



               
             jun. and 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a watchman, my box is in Lime Street. On the 21st of September, about half past four I was sitting in my box, I heard a terrible bustling, one said to the other,
"come along, the road is all clear," I came out of my box and went down St. Mary Axe, and as they saw me three run away and one stopped with the basket, the prisoner, he had his knee against the basket, I asked him whether the basket belonged to him, he said no, he was coming by that way, and had just left work.
Q. Did you observe who they were in Lime Street, or what they had with them. - A. They had a basket, so I took the prisoner up on suspicion.
Q. Are you sure he is one of these men. - A. There were four of them, I followed them, three run away, and this man stopped, I never lost sight of them. At the watch-house the prisoner said he was a lamplighter. This is the basket the four men had hold of it, one at each handle and one before and one behind it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRICKWOOD
               



            . I am the officer of the night, Hawkins brought this man in with a basket, we searched it and found two quarters of pork, five calve's heads, and three plucks in it, he brought the prisoner in with it, the prisoner said he was a lamplighter, he had locked his ladder up in some court by the Mansion-house, we asked him how he came that way, he did not give a satisfactory account, we took him to the Compter, we went to Leadenhall Market and found the owner of the meat.


                  JESSE 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I am the driver of the waggon, the partners names are 
               
                  George 
                  Watson
               



             jun. and John against Leaden hall market, and while I was unloading the front, I went to take the flats off behind, I missed this flat.
Q. What o'clock was it. - A. It was about a quarter past four when I missed it, I saw nobody about me, it was quite dusk.
Q. Look at that flat do you know it. - A. This is the flat that I had with me, it contained two quarters of pork, five calves' heads, and two plucks.
Prisoner's Defence. When he came into the watch-house, these gentlemen asked him if he had lost a hamper, he said yes, there were quarters of pork and pigs' heads in it he believed, he said now they were calves' heads and pork.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
