





179. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BOX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, eleven yards of printed cotton, value 11s. one head-cloth of a bedstead, value 2s. and three cases of a beadstead, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Phene
               



            , the elder
, 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Phene
                  



               
            , the younger
, and 
               
                  Reuben 
                  Williamson
               




            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  PHENE
               



            . I am an upholsterer

; I live in New Broad-street. I lost these things. In consequence of missing some Brussels carpetting, we had a search among the porters's lodgings. When I, and Brown, the officer, went to the lodgings of 
               
                  George 
                  Box
               



            , we discovered some of our property.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. On the 6th of December, I was sent for to Mr. Phene's, and on account of the loss of a roll of corpetting, he wished me to search Box's lodgings; in a bottom drawer in his lodging, in Old-street, I found part of a coachtop bed furniture; on searching further, I found some duplicates; one for a piece of print, for nine shillings; we went to the pawnbroker's to look at it, and it was eleven yards of new cotton. Under the bed, I found some mats, such as upholsterer's pack their goods in. I then locked the prisoner up in the Compter. I asked him how he became possessed of this property, and he said, that a woman who was lately dead, gave it to him. I then asked his wife, and she had no knowledge of it.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and produce eleven yards of printed cotton; I took it in pawn from a woman who called herself 
               
                  Ann 
                  Box
               



            .
(Property produced, and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
