





372. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     DRESDALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on 22nd of February
, six dishes, value 2 s. three bowls, value 8 d. a pepper-box, value 2 d. and two salt-sillers, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burnell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Palmer
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BURNELL
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . While Hawkins and Mr. Burnell were gone to search the other prisoner lodgings. I stopped about the door. I saw the prisoner come from the side door. I saw that he had dishes. I said, what are you going to make of them. He said, to make a little beer. I said, I will beer you. He replied, pray let me go, and I will satisfy you. I took him a little further. He then tried to get away. Then I handcuffed him, and took him to the Compter. I took from him these half dozen dishes; he had them in his apron before him. I saw him come out of the door with them.
JOHN LACEY HAWKINS. I searched the prisoner's lodgings. I found these six plates, two bowls, two salt-sillers, and a pepper-box.
Prisoner. The half dozen plates my wife bought them; the half dozen dishes were given to me by a man in the warehouse. They pressed upon me for my footing. They gave me these dishes. I was going to take them to a public-house for half-a-gallon of beer.
Prosecutor. I believe them to be mine. We have exactly similar in our warehouse. I had information that half a dozen dishes were taken away prior to the prisoner being detected.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
