








697. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     BARNARD 
                     COSGROVE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     CONNOLLY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LOMAX
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, one great coat, value 15s.; one jacket, value 7s.; one pair of breeches, value 10s.; one watch, value 20s.; and one waistcoat, value 2s, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Tice
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  TICE
               



            . I am a breeches-maker
, and live in South-street, Manchester-square. On the 6th of April, about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the Cock, public-house, in Dyot-street; it was on Sunday. I had been drinking, and was not very sober. I staid there till eight or nine o'clock-the prisoners, Taylor and Cosgrove persuaded me to go home with them. They took me to their lodging, at No. 2, New-street, St. Giles's


-it was then about nine o'clock. Taylor went to bed, but did not undress. I put my clothes on the bed, and put my watch in my stocking, which was on my leg. I was very drunk, and slept till about two o'clock-no person was in the room, except Connolly and Taylor. I awoke, and found myself alone-my clothes were gone, and my watch was taken out of my stocking. I went to the door, and called the watchman. Rowland came, and took me to the watch-house. I described the women and my property to him, and Taylor was secured. I saw my jacket and waistcoat at the watch-house. Taylor was brought up to me, and I knew her directly.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am a watchman. At two o'clock in the morning, I heard some voices in the direction of Dyot-street. I went to No. 2, New-street, and found the prosecutor there with a rug over his shoulders. He said he had been robbed. I went into the room, and found the property gone. He went to the watch-house, and described Taylor to me particularly, and his property. When I got to the watch-house, I found his jacket and waistcoat there - He was quite sober then. Taylor had been taken up - He swore to her.


                  LEWIS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday night I met the prisoner, Taylor, in Dyot-street, a little before twelve o'clock - She seemed to have something bulky in her apron; I stopped her, and asked what she had got there; she said it was some things belonging to her man. I secured her, and found she had got a jacket and waistcoat-Tice claimed it.
TAYLOR'S Defence. Connelly persuaded me to take them to Charles-street.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COSGROVE-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CONNELLY-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LOMAX-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
