





443. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HASTINGS
                  , alias 
CARR





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, three mahogany chair frames, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gray
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Hull
               



            .
GEORGE GRAY. I am a chair-maker

, in Oxford-street


; my partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Hull
               



            . I lostthree new mahogany chair frames from my premises. They were the property of myself and partner. I was coming down Mortimer-street; I saw one of my chair frames in Mr. Kensit's shop window. I got an officer, and went to Mr. Kensit's; he gave up the chair frames to me very readily. Some time after, the prisoner was detained at a pawnbroker's on suspicion. He was taken to Marlborough-street office; I went there and saw him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENSIT
               



            . I am a chair-maker; I live in Mortimer-street. On the 10th of February, the prisoner came to my shop; he offered my foreman three chair frames; I gave my foreman the money to pay for them. The prisoner said he made them himself. I placed them in the window; he came and claimed them; I delivered them up to him.


                  DAVID 
                  PERRYMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Compton-street, Soho. On the 28th of February, I detained the prisoner on suspicion. I sent for an officer; he took the prisoner to Marlborough-street office. I sent to Mr. Gray, and met him at the office.


                  RICHARD 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at Mr. Perryman's; I took him to Marlborough-street office. Three chair frames were produced; they were sworn to by Mr. Gray. The chair frames are here.
Prosecutor. They are my own manufactory.
Prisoner's Defence. A man in Goudge-street, standing at a public-house door, asked me if I could sell these chair frames, he said he would pay me for my trouble. I sold them to Mr. Kensit; I gave the man the money; he gave me five shillings. The man is not here. He is an entire stranger.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Watson.
