





572. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     GROOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of two, on the night of the 20th of May, and stealing therein a table-cloth, value 3 s. an umbrella, value 5 s. a counterpane, value 5 s. two shirts, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. a bed-gown, value 2 s. a set of bed-furniture, value 1 l. and a sheet, value 2 s. the property of William Smith; a tablecloth, value 4 s. two gowns, value 9 s. and six handkerchiefs, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Austin 
                  Cook
               



            .


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at 48, Golden-lane


, St. Luke's parish. My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            . I was the last person that went to bed. I went to bed at half past eleven o'clock, on the 20th of May, When I got up in the morning, I found my house had been broken open in the night. They got in, by taking the lead-light out of the kitchen window. The window was safe on the over night when I went to bed. I lost an umbrella, and other things.
Q. Has the things ever been found - A. Yes, they are all here.


                  JOHN 
                  SWINNOT
               



            . I am a watchman, in the parish of St. Luke's. I stopped the prisoner, a quarter before four in the morning, in Playhouse-yard. When I went to stop him, he ran into George Green's house. I catched him, and took him on the landing of the one pair of stairs. I am sure he is the same person I pursued. I never lost sight of him.
Q. Now, how far is Smith's house from Playhouse-yard - A. About thirty yards. I took the prisoner, and delivered him into the charge of my brother watchman; and I took care of the property. This is the bundle I took from him, and this is what was found afterwards, when we went back, on the landing-place, and part of a shoulder of murton. The smaller bundle and the larger we afterwards went back and found on the landing-place, and the shoulder of mutton we found on the stairs. I asked him, where he got it. He said, he found it in Playhouse-yard, on a dunghill. The bundle was quite clean.
MRS. SMITH. This bundle is my property. This table-cloth was over the shoulder of mutton, in the window. I keep a small eating-house. These are all my things in this bundle.
MRS. COOK. The small bundle is mine.
Q. to Mrs. Smith. Did it appear that there had been any candle used - A. No.




               GUILTY
            , aged 18,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
