







543. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
            . 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Allen 
                        Blizard
                     




                  , about nine o'clock in the forenoon of the 26th of February
(he and others of his family being therein), and stealing therein nine yards of printed cotton, value 9s., his property
            .
ALLEN BLIZARD. I am an upholsterer
, and live in Judd-street, Brunswick-square


. I lost the cotton-it is not worth more than five shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  PIGGOT
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live opposite the prosecutor. On the 26th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning, I observed the prisoners on the opposite side of the street, and watched them; White went into Mr. Blizard's house, came out again, crossed over to the opposite side of the street, and talked to the other two-the outer door was open. They talked together about five minutes, then Young crossed, went in, and stopped about five minutes - He had a black apron on when he went in-he came out with something wrapped in it; the other two, who were waiting for him, joined him at the end of the street. I sent for a constable; we followed them all three to the New-road, to Crescent-place. I never lost sight of them. I seized Young, the constable took Smith, and White ran away, but was taken in Burton-crescent. Smith had the cotton - He dropped it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DREWET
               



            . I am a constable. I followed the prisoners. I secured Smith, who had the property under his coat, he dropped it - They made a great resistance. I found a key upon Smith, which exactly fitted the prosecutor's inner door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
YOUNG'S Defence. I went to the house to enquire for a place, but could make no person hear.
YOUNG - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
WHITE - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing only. 




               Transported for Seven Years
            . 
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
