







457. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTTS
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GOUGH
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, three gallons of Rum, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gray
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Gray
                  



               
            .
Two other COUNTS. Stating the property to belong to other persons.


                  NOAH 
                  MEADOWS
               



            . I am an excise import officer, and was so on the 17th of February. I delivered thirty puncheons of rum on that day, from the West India Docks. There was one numbered 105, another 109, and another 120. I delivered them full, with the exception of samples, which were under a pint and a half out of each puncheon. I left 105, containing one hundred and twenty gallons, 109 containing one hundred and fifteen gallons, and 120 containing one hundred and fifteen gallous. I delivered them to Richard Brewer, an excise watchman, at the import dock.


                  RICHARD 
                  BREWER
               



            . I am an extra excise watchman, at the West India import docks. On the 27th of February, I received thirty puncheons of rum into my charge from the last witness; there were tins over the bungs, and they were put into a craft belonging to Messrs. Faweelt, called the Shannon. I then went away to the officer of the gate, to take the samples there. I left no person with the samples in the intermediate time while I was gone to the gate. When I came back, the lighter was moved into the basin, on her way to the river. I went on board then; the rums were then all safe as I believe; there was no smell of any rum, having got out then. I walked on the quay, where I commanded a view of the vessel until about seven o'clock in the evening, and I was then relieved by the prisoner, 
               
                  William 
                  Gough
               



            . The Shannon was to go up the river next day. The next morning I went on her, at about half past eight o'clock; she was then lying in the Customhouse Roads, off the custom-house quay, but on the London side of the river; Gough was there, and a police officer. I asked Gough what was the matter; I had heard that something was the matter; he said, he did not know rightly; but he believed the charge had been plandered, for he had heard a noise in the night. What we term the charge, is that which we have to take care of. That was on the morning of the 28th. In the course of the day before, I had seen the prisoner Williams; he had come to me on the rum. quay, at the West India import Dock, while I was attending Mr. Meadows and Mr. Brain; Williams asked me for my relief, which is very often the case among us. That is, that I should take my charge by night, I gave him the charge of the rum that night. In point of fact, he did not relieve me, but Gough did. I gave Williams my note, to signify that he was to have my night watch, which is a rule of the docks; but instead of his coming, Gough came.
JOHN ASHLEY. I am assistant inspector of the watch. I know Gough and Williams. In February last, they were watchmen, extra watchmen to the Excise. I had appointed 
               
                  William 
                  Gough
               



             to relieve 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brewer
               



            , at a charge of thirty puncheons of rum; he was to go at six o'clock; they were in a lighter belonging to Messrs. Fosset. Nothing passed about coffee. I cleared him of his former charge. I discharged him from the charge of some coffee, I appointed Williams on the 26th to twelve puncheons of rum. He was to relieve 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maddox
               



            ; it would have been his duty to relieve him at six o'clock, and on the same hour on the 27th; his charge was in a hoy at Summer's Quay, London.


                  THOMAS 
                  MADDOX
               



            . I am an extra excise watchman. On the 27th, I had charge of twelve puncheons of rum. I was relieved at Summer's Quay by Henry Williams; it was his duty to remain with the charge until six o'clock the next morning; it was a Deck Hoy. I saw it locked up before I left it, and therefore there could be no plunder there.
THOMAS PIERCY. I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. I was on duty on the morning of the 28th of February, in company with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hamilton
               



             and Robert Nichols. My attention was called on the River to a strange smell of rum opposite the old Custom House; it appeared on board a lighter there; I ordered our boat to go along side of it; that lighter turned out to be the Shannen. I then stood, and opened my lanthorn, which was a dark one, and looked, and saw the prisoner Williams, get up from the after tier, in the body of the lighter, from among the casks; he ran forward in the lighter, and into a deck barge; I pursued him immediately, and he went over the deck barge, and into a lug-boat, and I jumped into it after him; he went forward, and endeavoured to conceal himself between the main thwart and the other; but I secured him. I asked him what made him run away? and he said what run away, I have not run away. I told him that I saw him run out of the lighter, and he denied it. His breath smelled intolerably strong of rum, I searched him, and found in his pocket eight spoils. I then put him on board my boat. On returning to the lighter, I found a spoil struck into a one hundred and ninety puncheon slightly, like a pen into an ink-stand; it appeared as if it had been put into the cask with the hand, and not hatcnered in; as near as I can possibly say, Williams ran from the spot, On getting back into the Shannon, I saw Butts and Gough standing in the head sheets of the lighter; they were enquiring what was the matter. I asked them were they watchmen of the lighter, and they replied, yes. I understood that one was the lighterman's watchman, and the other the excise watchman. I told them they knew better than I did, what was the matter. I suspected that the rums had been plundered, and I proceeded to search them; I found nothing on Gough; on Butts I found two sail needles, and some twine. I gave a look round the lighter; but saw nothing farther at that time. I then searched the different crfts along side the lighter; but found nothing. I was not satisfied, and returned to the Shannon again. On searching her further, I found two bladders of rum in her stern sheets, between her timbers. I examined puncheon one hundred and nine, and found it wet, and the two casks one hundred and five, and one hundred and twenty were also wet; they were wet from having been spoiled. Near the full bladders, I found two empty ones also, and with them a gimlet and crane; it is such as would be used for such a purpose. The bladders were tied with string, similar to what I found in Butts's pocket. I took Butts and Williams to the office. I left Gough to remain until I returned. Upon him, I found nothing, and he remained there until I returned. I told him I had left a person on the wharf, who would watch him if he did any thing. I had not done so, but I told him so to avoid his going away. The vessel was laying about one ships length from the shore; not so far off as the midstream.
THOMAS HAMILTON, and ROBERT NICHOLS. Corroborated the account of last witness.
WILLIAM HURST. I am inspector of the Excise watch. On the morning of the 28th of February, in consequence of what had passed, I went on board the lighter, and found Gough and Brewer there. I went up to Gough, and asked him what he had been doing to let his charge be robbed, and he said, he knew nothing of it. I then said, were you asleep, and he said, no. I said were you in that place, and pointed to a kind of a cabin; he said, no. I then said, where were you then, and he said, there, pointing to some timbers on the fore part of the barge. I asked him if he was asleep there, and he said, he was not. I said if you were there, and not asleep, you must have been a party to the robbery, for in that place, he could have seen all over the barge, and all the casks. He then denied all knowledge of the transaction. I asked if he knew the men who were in custody, and he said, he knew nothing at all of them.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an excise surveyor of imports. About ten o'clock on the morning of the 28th of February, I went on board the Shannon, and found it in the care of Richard Brewer, she had thirty, puncheons of rum aboard; I examined the puncheons, and found from one hundred and five there was abouttwo gallons deficient, and one hundred and nine was about a gallon deficient, and one hundred and twenty was nearly a gallon and six eights deficient; that includes samples and all; if you deduct the samples from the gross deficiency, that will leave an improper deficiency of about four gallons and a half. I see the spoils that were taken from Williams; they are the same sized spoils as those in the casks.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
BUTTS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 60.
GOUGH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 69.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
