






118. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POTTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, two bushels of wheat, value 27 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chandler
                  




               
            , the elder.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at White Webbs, Enfield


. The prisoner was my labourer
 - he had been two or three months threshing of wheat. On the 22d of November, which was Sunday, I found a sack of wheat, laying in a ditch, a little way from where he had been working - it was tied up, with some bushes and an oak bough put over it - I examined it, and it appeared to be my wheat - I took some of it to compare with the bulk, and covered the rest over as before. About five o'clock I and my son went to watch who would come for it. In about an hour the prisoner and another man came; the other man took it out of the ditch, and threw it over the hedge to the prisoner, who carried it across the field to the road; we followed them near the hedge, to avoid being seen, they went down the road for a quarter of a mile. When we got to the bridge we were obliged to go on the gravel; I suppose they heard us, for the man threw the wheat off his shoulder; I walked up to them, and said,
"Halloo! my lads;" the other man said,
"Halloo!" and ran on the other side of the prisoner, and got away. I then said,
"Halloo! Potter," he said,
"Halloo! master;" I then said, you are a pretty sort of a fellow, are you not, he said, how? I said, what did you do down in my field just now, he said, I was not in your field, I lit on this young man in the road, and he went off, leaving the sack - I was afraid to take them. Next morning the prisoner came to the door to work, and said, Master, do you not mean to give us any more for threshing that wheat, I said, No, I think it is as much as any one gives; he then went to work. I sent for a constable, he was taken, and ran away. I fetched him back. Before the constable came he appeared very uneasy, and kept looking out. I went into the barn and talked to him to engage his attention. I have compared the wheat in the sack with the bulk, and am certain it is mine. There is some foreign barley, and black and white oats in it that agrees with mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHANDLER
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son. I went to the field to watch, with my father, at five o'clock. In about an hour the prisoner and another man came. The other man got over the hedge, took the wheat out, and handed it over to the prisoner. They crossed the field; we followed them till they got to the bridge. They then heard us, the other man threw the sack off his shoulder. They had shifted it before. Father called to them, and asked the prisoner what he did at the field? He said he had not been there. The wheat appears to me to be the same. I have compared it. I am certain the prisoner was one of them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SLOWMAN
               



            . I am a constable of Enfield. The prisoner was given in my charge. I am a farmer, and have compared the wheat; it agrees exactly with the bulk. I produce it.


                  ELIZA 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               



            . I am Chandler's servant. On Saturday, the 21st of November, the prisoner came to me in the cow-house. He had been absent from work some days before, He asked if master was at home? I told him that master and mistress were gone to town. He left me and went to the barn, where the wheat was kept. I saw Livermore at the barn with him; he was working there. The prisoner came again in the evening, and went to the barn, returned to the house, and wished my young mistress good night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
