





205. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HORSELEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, a looking glass, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mower
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MOWER
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and have a shop in Shoreditch


. I lost a looking-glass out of my shop, on the 16th of December; I was in bed; it was about eight o'clock in the morning; my work people called me up, and then the prisoner was in my shop, with the glass. The person that took the prisoner brought him back, and the glass too. The selling price is nine shillings, and it is worth seven shillings.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live in Nevin-yard, opposite Mr. Mower's. On the 16th of December last, I observed the prisoner and another looking in at the window of Mower's shop; I kept behind my door, knowing Mower had been robbed; they went to the door, one made an attempt, and went in about two yards, and returned again; they then went away. They then returned again, and then the prisoner went in, and brought the glass out in his apron; then they went away. When they had got from the door a few yards, I went from behind my door, and followed them. The prisoners then seeing me following them, ran, and I cried stop thief; they separated, and ran different ways. I continued following the prisoner, who had the glass in his possession; he threw down the glass, in turning to make his escape, and the glass was broken. I got up to the prisoner when he was stopped in the Curtain-road; I brought him back to Mr. Mower's shop.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
