





684. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, three shifts, value 6s.; three slips, value 3s.; one shirt, value 8s.; one table-cloth, value 3s.; one apron, value 1s; and one handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Parker
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Parker
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am the daughter of Thomas Parker, and live in Berwick-street, Soho. On the 22d of March, I was crossing the end of Tottenham-court-road


, by St. Giles's, and had a bundle in my hand, containing the articles stated in the indictment. The prisoner came up to me, looked me full in the face, and took my bundle - I am sure he is the man. My sister, who was with me, screamed out. He ran up Bainbridge-street with it-it was about eleven o'clock at night. We gave the alarm - I described the prisoner to the watchman. The next day, the patrol came, and said he had got the prisoner. I saw him at the Office, and am perfectly sure he is the man. There was a lamp at the brewhouse, which gave me a view of him when he stared me in the face.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. It was Saturday night. I looked him full in the face. I am positive he is the man - I knew him by his face.
Court. Q. Are you sure he is the man who looked you full in the face - A. Yes; it engaged my attention from the bundle. If I had met him in the street I should have known him.


                  CATHARINE 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am sister of the last witness. On the 22d of March, I was crossing by Tottenham-court-road with her. A man took the bundle from her and ran away. I do not know who it was-he ran up Bainbridge-street. We told the watchman-it was a tall man, about the size of the prisoner.


                  DANIEL 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 22d of March, I heard the alarm, and from information that I received, apprehended the prisoner at half-past twelve o'clock, at the Hare and Hounds, public-house, in Buckeridge-street.with three other men-the other men were with him when I took him.


                  HENRY 
                  COOKE
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Sullivan, and took the prisoner into custody.


                  MARY 
                  PARKER
               



             re-examined. I am positively sure the prisoner was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               
                  William 
                  Watson
               



            , Esq.
