






740. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April

, two silver bottle lables, value 10 s. one napkin, value 5 s. five towels, value 3 s. one bag, value 1 s. two doylers; value 6 d. two yards of green baize, value 4 s. part of a brush, value 2 d. five knives, value 1 s. 3 d. eleven forks; value 2 s. 9 d. six plates. value 4 s. two dishes, value 5 s. one quart mug, value 6 d. two custard cups, value 1 s. three covers, value 2 s. two coffee cups, value 2 s. two wine glasses, value 1 s. two cut decanters, value 4 s. two cruets with tops, value 3 s. one tea-pot, value 2 s. one sugar shell, value 1 s. one pound weight of tea, value 8 s. two towels, value 1 s. five napkins, value 3 s. one pair of silk hose, value 3 s. one silver pencil case, value 7 s. two tea spoons, value 5 s. one table-cover, value 3 s. three pieces of green baize, value 1 l. one cleaver, value 4 s. four dishes, value 4 s. six plates, value 3 s. one cap, value 10 s. one dress, value 2 l. five bottles of rum, value 1 l. 5 s. three bottles of noyean, value 1 l. 16 s. eighteen bottles of port wine, value 5 l. twelve bottles of maderia, value 3 l. fifteen bottles of catalonia wine, value 3 l. two guineas, value 2 l. 2 s. two pieces of foreign gold coin, value 1 l. six pounds in monies numbered, five Bank notes, for the payment of five pounds each, value 25 l. fifteen other Bank notes for the payment of one pound each, value 15 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Leake
                        



Esq.
 six handkerchiefs, value 30 s. and one broach, value 1 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        Isabella Ann 
                        Stackpole
                     



                  , privately in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Leake
                     



                   Esq.
             And 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     KEENAN
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, the same goods, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEAKE ESQ
               



            . I reside in Grosvenor-place



, my daughter
 Mrs. Issabella Anne Stackpole, widow
, lived with me in my house in the month of December last. The prisoner was servant
 to me in the capacity of a house maid
. The prisoner was taken into custody on the 22nd of April; she was in my house four months, all but one day. She had not been with me more than one month, before I missed a broach with hair in it, and a five pound Bank note, they were taken out of a drawer in the two pair of stairs back room; I had missed considerable sums of money out of my drawers from time to time, but did not know whom to suspect; after she had been some time with me, I was informed she was without money, and I gave her two guineas I told her several times that I missed my property, but she always declared her innocence, and I had not the slightest suspicion of her, because I received a most excellent character of her. I was sitting one morning in my parlour, about eleven o'clock, when the other prisoner, who was accustomed to come and talk to her at the door, though I had forbidden male followers, came and asked for her. In a short time afterwards she went by the window with a white linen bag and a small pair of drawing-room bellows; from that moment I took the alarm; I am in thehabit of leaving my, money on the and of the side board, while I dress myself and have missed it several times; I went to the house of the other prisoner in company with an officer; in consequence of my having had some conversation with Mr. Fielding, the magistrate, he the prisoner and another man were weaving in the room, I saw my property. There was the white bag tied up, just as it had passed my window, and a variety of things on the mantle piece, and about the room. We asked him how he came by the different things, and he made a full confession that 
               
                  Ann 
                  Collins
               



             had given him the whole of the things; and that the morning when I saw the white bag go by the window, he was in the neighbourhood with a cart to take away her boxes and things. He confessed also that she had given him eleven pounds in notes; with that money he had bought a loom, and was working as a weaver. The prisoner Collins was not at that time dismissed from my service. He said she had given him the wine that was in the bottle; the officer found the broach; the silver bottle lables were taken off my bottles; he confessed that all the things that were there of my property he had received of her. We then put the things into a hackney coach, stepped in, and drove home; she opened the door, the officer came into the house, and told her she was his prisoner. The articles were produced to her seperately, and she said at first to each, she had not taken it; and then afterwards confessed she had; and one by one, she confessed the whole.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square office. On the 22nd of April, I went with Mr. Leake, to Fluer-de-lis-court, and found a considerable quantity of property in a room in which the prisoner Keenan and another man were weaving, and which property Mr. Leake said was his. When I searched the prisoner Collins's box, I found two pounds in silver in it, and seven one pound notes; also some handkerchiefs.
MRS. STACKPOLE. This broach is mine, as well as these four silk handkerchiefs, which were all marked, but the marks have been picked out.
Mr. Leake. Altogether I lost about forty pounds in notes. The notes found in the prisoners box, I cannot swear to; all the other property is mine, I can swear to that.
Collins's Defence. The silk handkerchiefs never belonged to Mr. Leake.
Keenan's Defence. I never knew that this property was stolen, nor what the linen bag contained.
COLLINS GUILTY aged 25.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KEENAN 

               GUILTY
             aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
