





1140, 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling six half crowns, and three shillings, which he had received on account of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                  , his master

.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Borough. On the 14th of August, about three o'clock, I bought two pair of shoes at Mr. Wood's shop; I paid the prisoner six half crowns and 3 s. for them, which I marked so as to know them again. About an hour and a half after, I saw the prisoner at the George and Gate, public-house, Gracechurch-street.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was the money your own or Mr. Wood's - A. My own. There was an agreement between me and Mr. Wood that I should buy the shoes.
CHARLES WOOD. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Cornhill


; the prisoner had been my foreman
 two years. He sold goods, and received the money, which he ought immediately to have taken up stairs to my daughter in the warehouse. On the 14th of August I was absent from the shop while Mr. Young went. As he returned I went home, and asked the prisoner if he had had any customers? He said No, he had had none during my absence, nor had any person been for me. I went up to my daughter in the ladies' shoe-room, returned to the prisoner in about five minutes, and said,
"There has been no customers up stairs, nor yet below, trade is very dull." He said it was very dull, and that no person had been there. I went out in about ten minutes to the George and Gate, public-house, returned, and asked again if any customers had been? He said No. He was sent for to the George and Gate, public-house, there apprehended, and the money found on him. He never accounted to me for it.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a marshalman of the City. I received directions, and went to the George and Gate, public-house; the prisoner came there to measure me for a pair of boots - after measuring me I told him to stop. His master came in. I said I suspected he had been robing his master of leather. He said No. I asked him how much money he had got in his pocket? I pulled it out of his pocket and put it on the table; it was six half crowns and three shillings. He said it was his own, and he was never without money. I then showed him the shoes, and he said,
"Oh master, I did not think you would have served me so!" He said he took the 18 s. for the two pair of shoes, but had not time to give it up. This was between four and five o'clock in the afternoon.


                  ELIZA 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wood
               



            . It was the prisoner's duty to bring me the money. I heard somebody come into the shop, and money sound on the counter, but the prisoner brought me no money.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not come and say, he had some money, and you told him to bring it another time, as you were engaged - A. No; my father did not come in for ten minutes after the money was paid. The prisoner ought to bring it to me directly.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



             re-examined. It is the same money that I paid the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
