





288. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  LAMB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, one gown, value 1s.; seven napkins, value 4s.; one quilt, value 2s.; and four brushes, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Hoare
                     



                  ; and one iron, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Cox
               



            .
MARY WELLS. I live in Rumford-mews, Marylebone


. One the 15th of December the prisoner came to lodge inmy one-pair front room. On the 19th, about half-past ten o'clock at night. I was alarmed, and told that my things were thrown out of window. He must have broken open my drawers, tied them up in a bundle, and threw them out.
JOHN FISHER. I live next door to the prosecutrix. On the 19th of December, at ten o'clock at night, a gentleman came, and asked me to take a trunk to Piccadilly. While I was talking to him at my door, two men were standing at a stable-door opposite. I stood at my door a few minutes-the watchman came by, calling ten - He went up, and sent them away; one went one way, and the other another-one abused him very much. I remained at my door till they got into Dorset-street. I heard the watchman tell him to go about his business. In about two minutes the other man passed me. I went out-there was a great mob collected; the man was abusing the watchman, and denied being at the house at all. I pointed the other man out who was with him - They followed me home. I went to bed, and in about two minutes I looked out of window, and saw them quarrelling again. I told the watchman I thought something wrong was going on - He went away. I still kept looking out. When the watchmen got to the other end of the mews the men came in again, stood opposite my door, and whistled. I heard the window open. The watchman came into the mews again, and the men went away. The watchman went out again, and the men returned to the same place again, and whistled again. One of the men looked up and said," All is right." I looked up, and saw the bundle thrown out. I called out Stop thief! he was alarmed and ran away; I called the watch. the prosecutrix opened her door - I told her the bundle had been thrown out, and she picked it up. I went up to the prisoner's room, he had just undressed himself - We brought him down.


                  THOMAS 
                  COFFIN
               



            . I am a watchman. The last witness has spoken correctly. I went up to the prisoner's room, he was then undressing himself. There was no other person in the room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
