





633. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, a time piece, value3 l. and a handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Peak
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PEAK
               



            . I live at 23, Blackmoor-street, Clare Market, in the parish of St. Clements Danes


. I rent the whole house.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  LINTON
               



            . I keep Mr. Peak's house. On the 8th of August, about ten minutes before eight in the morning, I was going up with a tea-kettle of water, I saw somebody going up the two pair of stairs, I called to him, I said, oh, Billy, why do you go up in such a way; at my speaking he went up stairs so softly, it was impossible for any body to hear him; I heard him come down; I said, oh dear, how you frighten me; I did not know him. I heard something rattle in his apron; I was frightened, I thought he had been in that room to take something; I shoved open the room door, I called after him, oh, you have got the time piece.
Q. From what room was the time-piece taken - A. From the one pair front. The prisoner ran down stairs, I ran to the street-door, and called for assistance; Mr. Swinton came and took the prisoner in the coal cellar; he brought him up stairs; he had not the time-piece, when brought up stairs; I had seen the time-piece not a quarter of an hour before.


                  THOMAS 
                  SWINTON
               



            . Q. On the morning of the 8th of August did you hear any alarm - A. Yes, this good lady came in and said there was a thief in the house, I went down stairs, and there the prisoner was shut up in a bit of a coal cellar; I said what do you do here; he said do forgive me, I have not got any money. I then said what have you done with the timepiece. He went with me into the other cellar, and pointed out where it was. I took it up, and gave it to 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Linton
               



            .
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the person that you took in the cellar - A. Yes, and the prisoner is the person that shewed the time piece to me. I live over the way. I left the prisoner in the house, and went about my business.
Q. to 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Linton
               



            . Mr. Swinton said he gave you the time-piece - A. Yes, he gave it me, and Mr. Peak took it to Bow-street. The constable found the handkerchief in the shed; Mr. Swinton left the prisoner in the house, and about a quarter of an hour afterwards he was delivered to the constable; there were so many people in the house he could not get out of the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a bricklayer, and Mr. Peak is. I went in the shed to ask for work, I heard them cry out stop thief, I did not know what to do. I never asked forgiveness. Is is reasonable or likely that I should have staid there a quarter of an hour if I had been guilty.


                  Charlotte 
                  Linton
               



            . He could not get away. He asked me forgiveness twenty times. I told him it was of no use, he would not get forgiveness there.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
