






1501. 
               
                  
                     ARTHUR 
                     ELLINGTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, one chest, value 6 d., and 80 lbs. of tea, value 20 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Matthews
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it belong to 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Chadwell
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Jermyn-street, St. James's, Ellington occasionally did porter's work
 for me, the other prisoner is a stranger. On the 28th of September, about eight or nine o'clock in the morning, I sent Ellington to fetch a chest of tea from the East-India warehouse, Crutched-friars, and to take it to Mr. Chadwell, who lives in Sloane-street, as I had sold it to him. He said he could not take it to Mr. Chadwell before six o'clock in the evening, but that he would be sure to take it by that time - he was to take it there from the warehouse. About eleven o'clock that night two officers came and informed me that it had been stolen. I saw it next morning at Worship-street; the tea had then been emptied into a bag, and weighed 5 lbs. short. The number of the chest was the same I ordered him to fetch; the permit was with it. Mr. Moffatt was my broker.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. What was it worth per pound - 
               A. 
            6 s. 8 d.; I was to receive that.


                  JOHN 
                  HICKMAN
               



            . I am servant to the East-India Company. On the 28th of September, about eleven o'clock in the morning, Ellington came alone, and asked me to look for a paper in the name of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Chadwell
               



            . I went and looked for the paper, it was not there. I asked him who was the broker that was to clear the tea? he said Mr. Moffatt - he appeared in great haste. I said,
"You had better step up to the broker, and see if he has cleared the chest." He went out of the yard, returned in about five or six minutes with a piece of paper, with the number of the chest on it - it was the proper paper. He said,
"Is this number down for delivery?" I found one of that number, and delivered it to him, and he took it out of the yard on his knot - he was alone. I saw the same chest next day at the office, where both the prisoners were in custody.


                  ANTHONY 
                  MOLLOY
               



            . I keep the Crispin, public-house, in Grub-street, St. Luke's, Dunn lodged with me. On the 28th of September, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, Ellington came to my house, Dunn let him in. I went up stairs, and saw no more of them until between one and two o'clock, when Dunn came in with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Toy
               



            , and had half a pint of gin in a bottle; he paid for it, and she took it away - he remained there. After that, both the prisoners came to my house together, and had something to eat and drink.
Q. Did you see any chest of tea - A. No, my Lord; Dunn asked me to lend him 1 l., which I did in silver. He then shewed me a sample of tea, which he said he had to sell - Ellington was not then present; I had known him to have coffee, but never knew him to have tea to sell before, He asked me if I could assist him in the sale of it? and said he had 80 lbs. I said I would have nothing to do with it - this was about three or four o'clock; they both went out, but I do not know whether they both left exactly together. I afterwards went to look for Dunn, and found him at No. 1, Crown-court, Grub-street - Ellington was not with him; Dunn quarelled with me, and I left him. When I returned I found Ellington at my house; Dunn came in very much in liquor - they were both in liquor, and I sent for an officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you allow them to run up a score at your house for eating and drinking - A. About 8 s. I lent Dunn 1 l. before the tea was mentioned.
Q. You did not advance it on tea or coffee - A. No, they talked about the tea.

Q. Did you not say you thought 3 s. a pound a fair price - A. No, I should think it worth 3 s. in the East-India Company's warehouse.
Q. Did you calculate what the whole would come to - A. No; I said something about 17 l. I informed the officers myself about it.
Q. Did you not complain of an assault - A. I might. I told the officers I suspected they had stolen the tea, and shewed them where it was.
Q. How did you know where it was - A. I heard them say it was in the house in Crown-court.
Q. Did you say what you thought the tea worth - A. I do not recollect - A. I might have said it was worth 3 s. or 4 s., 10 s. 6 d., or a guinea.
Q. You did not know the officer had got sound of it, and say,
"Now, as I have not got a bargain, I'll sell you like a bullock" - A. I do not know; I might have said so.
Q. You know a little of the trade - A. Very little. I have worked in a tea warehouse about three months. I have been five years in the service, but only occasionally employed in the warehouse for about three months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDUS
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. On the 28th of September Molloy came and gave me information about the tea; I found the prisoners at his house between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and took them to the watch-house. On Ellington I found a permit for the tea, the same number as that on the chest; on Dunn I found about half an ounce of tea, which appeared to be the same sort as that in the chest. Next morning I and Bee went to No. 1, Crown-court, in consequence of information from Molloy, and there found 80 lbs. of tea sewed up in a sack in the one-pair room - I found the chest broken up in different parts of the room; I put it together; it was not quite entire, but the number was perfect, and corresponded with the permit - it was No. 13,804. Lane keeps the house. The prisoners were both drunk, particularly Ellington.


                  ROBERT 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             re-examined. It is the chest which was to have gone to Mr. Chadwell.


                  JOHN 
                  BEE
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Aldus to the house, and found the tea and part of the chest. Molloy had informed me that it was either at No. 1, or lower down.


                  MARY 
                  TOY
               



            . I lodge at No. 1, Crown-court, in the first floor; I have known Dunn many years. On the 28th of September, between one and two o'clock, he brought a chest of tea covered over with a sack, Ellington was with him - it was in the shape of a chest; they put it in the sack. The constable fetched it away next morning. The prisoners had half a pint of gin, I had a glass with them.
Cross-examined. Q. Molloy did not come to the lodging, and have a glass himself - A. Yes, and paid for it himself - I do not know that he saw the tea. Ellington had sewed it up in a sack before he came.
ELLINGTON'S Defence. Molloy told the Magistrate that I pitched the chest on a block, went to get a pint of beer, and in the mean time it was stolen. I was very tipsey, and could not carry it. He advanced me 1 l., and said,
"That is for the chest."
DUNN'S Defence. The men called on me in the morning; Molloy called me, I got up and let them both in - I afterwards found Ellington in the tap-room, and he went to the warehouse for the chest. I met him in Moorfields, he said he must trouble me to carry it, I assisted him with it to Crown-court; we both went to Molloy, he agreed to give 17 l. 5 s. for the tea, and 1 l. was paid to Ellington towards it; I had no dealings with it. As to the sample which was found on me, I bought it in Holborn on the Saturday before.
ELLINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Confined Three Months
            .
DUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
