





757. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, twenty-four yards of cambric muslin, value 1 l. 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Vipond
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Rimington
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  George 
                  Vipond
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Rimington
               



            , they are linen-draper

s on Ludgate-hill


. On the 9th of August, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop followed by two other woman, she asked to look at some prints, I shewed her some, she was backward in purchasing, I suspected her honesty. There were four whole pieces of printed muslins on the counter; the top one was folded up; she, by the assistance of one of these other women, contrived to get it under her cloak. I saw her draw it off the counter and then put it under her cloak. I let her take it out of the shop; I followed her and took her about twenty yards from the shop door, I brought her back into the shop, she dropped the piece of print from under her clothes about a yard from the shop door; I saw it after it had dropped, there was nothing of that description before she came in; I took it up, it was the same piece of muslin I had seen her put under her cloak.
Q. What became of the two other women - A. They went both out of the shop when I returned with prisoner, the prisoner denied having taken it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rimington. I saw 
               
                  William 
                  Kirby
               



             bring this woman into the shop, I saw the piece of muslin as it was falling from her person on the ground.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw any thing of the cotton.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
