





141. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 26th of October
, ten volumes of the Statutes at Large, value 30l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Strahan
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Eyre
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DE ARCEY
               



            . I am a book-seller, and reside in Holborn. Some time before the beginning of November last, the prisoner at the bar, came to me, one morning, and brought with him a parcel which was the ten volumes of the Statutes at Large, the value of which was thirty pounds; but for which he only asked ten pounds. I asked to whom they belonged? and he said to a gentleman of the profession going out of town, and he told me his name was Mr. Able Wright, of Lincoln's Inn. I told him in the first place, I must see if such a person lived in Lincoln's Inn, and if he did, and had sent these books, I would pay him for them myself. I went to enquire, and found that Mr. Long lived there, and not Mr. Wright. That same day, the prisoner came to my house, and I told him he was an impostor. He said he would take the books away, but I told him he should not, for I would keep them to find an owner; and he went away, and left them with me. In consequence of my making enquiries at all the law book-sellers, I found out the real owners. Paradice came to my house, and after examining them, knew them by some defection.
(Property produced.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARADICE
               



            . I was in the employment of the prosecutors. I remember taking stock at Christmas last; and then having two hundred and four sets of the Statutes at Large, and I selected twelve sets as imperfect. In consequence of information, I went to Mr. De Arcey's shop, and then I brought this set home, knowing it to be one of the sets, which I had sealed up as imperfect. The prisoner was in our employ; and on my return from De Arcey's, he had absconded. I never saw him again, until he was apprehended.


                  JOHN 
                  M'ARTHUR
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors, and know these to be their property; I saw the prisoner the day he was apprehended. I was desirous of knowing in what way he committed the theft, as I knew it must be committed with considerable difficulty; and without any promise or threat he told me he had got a key to a private door. which leads from the ware-house, into Gunpowderalley


.
Prosecutor. That is my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
