






34. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  TATE
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, two glass bottles, value 6d., and three pints of wine, value 4s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Abbotts
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Abbotts
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ABBOTTS
               



            . I am a partner in the firm of Thomas and Richard Abbotts; we live in Skinner-street


; there is no other person in the firm; we are wine-merchants

. On the 29th of November, the prisoner bought two gross of bottles at our house. I went to the cellar, where the wine is kept, about half past four in the afternoon; as I was going down the stairs I met the prisoner; he was coming up; I asked him what he wanted there; he replied, he was looking out bottles with Charlton, who is one of our servants. I told him to return with me to Charlton, who was in the cellar, which he did. I called for a light, and asked him what he had taken; he said, nothing, and that I might search him. On looking round, I saw two bottles, on his right-hand, on the dark side(from the candle). The bottles were full, and as much concealed as they could be. I sent for an officer, in the presence of Charlton and several others. He said he knocked them down from the binn; that they were breaking, and he caught these two to save them.
Q. How near was he to the binn then - A. About five yards from it. There was no appearance of the bottles being knocked about. There was no bottles broke in the cellar.
Q. From the situation in which the prisoner was found did it appear that he was going to return the bottles - 
               A. 
            Certainly not; he was more than half way up the stairs; he had no business either in the cellar or in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Had he not dealt with you for empty bottles - A. He had.
Q. He has dealt with you to the amount of 40l. in a year - A. I do not know. Charlton was in the cellar with him. I do not think there was any empty bottles in that cellar. We call ourselves the Commercial Hall Wine Company. I met him on the cellar stairs.
Q. When he was going with you, might he not have put the bottles down if he choose-A. He might, perhaps.
Q. Did he not say, you have kicked against some bottles; and you said, come along with them-bring them along - A. I heard some bottles rattling, and I told him to take care or he would break them. There were binns on the side of the cellar. Other persons might have put bottles outside the binns if they choose. Several persons had been in the cellar. When I asked him what he had got, he said, nothing.
Court. Could you see if he had got anything when he was on the stairs - A. No; I could not keep up to him. He had no business on the premises. He afterwards said, that he had picked the bottles up.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHARLTON
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; I heard some person call for a light; I went with one, and found the prisoner and Mr. Abbotts together; there were two bottles found on the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Do you mean to say they were under his coat - A. Yes; he had his hands under his coat; that part of the cellar is not payed. I believe he has dealt with us for empty bottles. The cellar is quite separate from the house.
Q. Is it an extraordinary thing for persons to come into the cellar - A. There has been such a thing. We did not keep empty bottles there.


                  JAMES 
                  ALSON
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Abbotts. I found a bottle of wine on the side of the steps.
RICHARD HARLAND. I was near Mr. Abbotts when he called for a light. Mr. Abbotts asked the prisoner, what business he had there; he said he had come down for bottles. Mr. Abbotts asked him, what he had got; he said, nothing, you may search me. He searched him, and found two bottles on him.
(Produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went and bought some bottles of them on that day. When I had looked them over, I went back, and asked if there were any more; I was told there was in the cellar, in the binn, No.10. I went to look for them; as I was coming out of the cellar, I met Mr. Abbotts; he asked, who is there? I said it was me. He called for a light, and we went down together. I knocked against some bottles; he told me to take care; he then turned round and asked what brought me there; I said business; he said nothing, but sent for an officer, and gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
