





700. 
               
                  CASPART 
                  THOMAS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a hearth rug, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Woodard
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morton
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MORTON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Woodard
               



            , we are wholesale carpet dealers

, No. 2, Holborn Bridge, the prisoner was our servant
.
MR. MARTIN. I carry on business for Mr. Baxter, pawnbroker, Snow-hill, I know the prisoner, I have seen him several times. On the 28th of August hepledged with me a hearth rug in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Bond
               



             for one pound. I asked the prisoner where he came from, after hesitating, he at last told me from No. 2, Holborn Bridge, I then gave them information.
- DRINKWATER. I am a constable, I gave Mr. Morton that ticket of which there is a part on the carpet that corresponds, I received it of Branscomb, he found it in the prisoner's pocket book.
Q.(to Mr. Morton) Do you know the prisoner's hand writing. - A. Yes, perfectly, that is his handwriting, I received it of him. It is directed to Messrs. Woodard and Morton. (Read.) The humble petition of Caspart Thomas. - Honoured Gentlemen! your petitioner is desirous of expressing his heart-felt sorrow, and I acknowledge myself deserving of the worst punishment for the crime I have committed against so good a master. I still hope for mercy, but my thoughts distract me. Your petitioner humbly begs that you would look down on him with mercy. Consider a broken-hearted wife, I am sorry for what I have done. Oh let mercy prevail while you have it in your power, and let my wife share those blessings with me as the wife of an honest man. I have confessed all I know, and you promised me mercy which is in your power. You have done right in what you have done, to mercy's voice your petitioner trusts, while it is in your power let the cries of a mother, with a broken-hearted wife, prevail, and let the cries of brother and sister intercede for me, and I shall be in duty bound to pray for your wellfare.
CASPART THOMAS.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
