





650. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, four shifts, value 30 s.; two gowns, value 20 s., and one shawl, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Partridge
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Partridge
               



             who lives in Frances-street, Chelsea-common


; I am a laundress. On the 9th of March, these things hung in the drying ground, which has a wall round it five or six feet high. I saw them safe about four o'clock in the afternoon, and missed them about seven o'clock in the evening; next morning I found the prisoner in custody with them.


                  JAMES 
                  KERR
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 9th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner ran by me in Sloane-street, with a bundle under his arm. I stopped him, hearing the alarm, and found three shifts in the bundle - they were then wet; he said they were his own. A shift was picked up in the way he ran.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JARMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner with another, on Chelsea-common, talking about a bull-bait; the prisoner had a bundle, and the other appeared bulky, I desired to know what they had been about? the other struck at me with his stick, but I guarded the blow off with one arm, and with my other hand unbuttoned his coat, when out fell a shawl, a shift, a gown and a clothes peg - both ran off while I was picking them up. The prisoner still kept his bundle, and Kerr stopped him without my losing sight of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
