





335. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     PENNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , seventeen one-pound notes, his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PARKER
               



             I keep a chandler's shop
, No. 8, Leather-sellers-buildings, London Wall


; I am the landlord, and live in the house; it is in the parish of Allhalows, London Wall


. On the 23rd of January, the prisoner came to my house, and wanted to know if I would give credit for what goods were sold in my shop; he said he received his money monthly of Mr. Holdsworth, at the Mansion House; I let him have what he wanted; from that time to the 6th of February, he had goods and money to the amount of two pounds nine shillings and eight pence; he then said, he should have twenty pounds on the Monday, and he would come and settle, had I got change; I said yes; I counted out seventeen one-pound notes; he looked at the notes, and took them up; he said take care of my pocket-book, he put it on the counter, and said he was going to Holmes's.
Q. What day was this - A. This was Monday, the 6th of February; the seventeen one-pound notes he took away with him in his hand, I was counting out the silver and the halfpence when he went away with the notes, he said he would be back in a minute. I found he did not come back; I looked in the pocket-book; I found some blank paper in the pocket-book, nothing else.
Q. Had he shewed you a twenty-pound note at all - A. He had a piece of paper in his hand, it looked like a piece of writing paper. Finding he did not come back, I went to Mrs. Holmes's after him, and then to his wife; his wife said she expected him in; I could not find him. I went and gave information at the Mansion House; I saw no more of him until he was brought to the Mansion House on the Monday.


                  JOHN 
                  HODSON
               



            . I am a City officer. I met with the prisoner last Saturday week; I had another information afterwards of some shawls in another indictment; I took him in custody.
MR. HOLDSWORTH. Q. You are the City Marshall - A. Yes. The prisoner has been employed by me indirectly, but never one of the police.
Q. Was he employed by you in January - A. He was employed by me in January. he was not constently employed; he had it in his power to give some information that was serviceble. I afterwards told him if he would continue to be useful I would give him a guinea a week; he never had any paper from me with my signature in my life; I never garranteed any debt; there never was more than thirty shillings due to him at any time; I never gave him a twenty-pound note.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
