






178. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GALLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of December
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stafford Moore 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  STAFFORD 
                  MOORE COOPER
               



            . I live at No. 1 Gerrard Street, I am a linen draper
. On the 12th of December, I was passing up Catherine Street


 about eight in the evening, I was going towards Gerrard Street, Mr. Cass was with me, we were arm in arm, we heard some people behind us close as we passed the end of Exeter Street, Mr. Cass pulled me to let some person pass, the prisoner passed me, I felt my pocket move, I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, the prisoner passed me, I suspected he took my handkerchief, I stepped on very quick, touched the prisoner on the shoulder, and said,
"you have got my handkerchief in your hand," he said
"no it is not your handkerchief," I said it was, I put my hand upon it, he said some other person gave it him.
Q. Was there any person near enough to have handed to him - A. Not as I know of, I said
"very well, we will settle that presently," I had only my hand on his shoulder, he slipped from me, and ran across the street and down a court, I believe White Horse Court, and as I went to cross the street, I fell over some rubbish, I heard some person say the court was no thoroughfare, Mr. Cass cried out,
"stop thief," I ran down the court, and saw the prisoner in the middle of the court, I could not take him then, there were three or four people buzzing about him, he avoided me, and ran into Mr. Cass's hands. When I came to the top of the court I catched hold of his collar, we took him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , Bow Street. I had taken the handkerchief out of his hand before he ran away. This is the handkerchief, it is exactly the same pattern I had in my pocket in the morning, it is worth four or five shillings. In going down Bow Street, he looked round. and two or three young men kept buzzing about, we put him in an Hackney coach, he begged that I would not appear against him. He said he was a very good young man, it was his first offence I told him, if he told me where he lived, and he had a good character, I would not take him to Bow Street.
MR. CASS. I am a linen draper, I was with Mr. Cooper on this evening, we were walking arm in arm together, I observed two or three young men behind they appeared to be in company together, I turned round two or three times to let them pass, the prisoner was the only one that passed us, and after the prisoner passed us I observed the handkerchief in his hand; Mr. Cooper laid hold of his arm with one hand, and took the handkerchief with the other, he told the prisoner it was his handkerchief, I think he denied it, when Mr. Cooper took the handkerchief, he ran across the street, Mr. Cooper fell down, (I saw two or three young men running across the road, they appeared to be pursuing as well as us) I cried out stop thief, he ran into a court, I catched him as he returned back.
Prisoner's Defence. In the afternoon of that day, I had been to see a relation, in my way home I met an old school-fellow whom I had not seen some years, and on our coming up Catherine Street in the Strand, my school-fellow put a handkerchief in my hand, and before I had time to ask him the reason of so extraordinary a circumstance, the prosecutor came up and asked me for the handkerchief, upon which I was alarmed, and had no doubt he had stolen it from the prosecutor; upon the prosecutor's attempting to take me, I ran away; I do solemnly declare my running away was not from a consciousness of guilt, but for my unfortunately happening to be with one who had so departed from moral honesty, and what adds to my affliction is the shame it has brought on my family; I hope your Lordship will extend mercy to me, which will be the study of my life to shew my gratitude.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
