





655. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, five pigs, price 8l., the property of 
                     

                              William 
                              Austin
                           



                        , Sen.



                  , and one pig, price 20s.
            , the property of 
               

                        William 
                        Austin
                     



                  ,Jun



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am a farmer

 and live at Hillingdon; I lost my pigs from Drayton, in Buckinghamshire


 - I have a farm there; I lost them out of my farmyard, on the 22d or 23d of March; they were six or seven months old; five of them were mine, and one my son's.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAPLIN
               



            . I am a mealman. On Sunday night the 22d of March, about ten o'clock, I was going with my brother to a neighbour's, about 100 yards off. As I went out of my gate, I saw the prisoner and two others pass - I suspected them; the prisoner had something under his great-coat, and was a few yards behind the others; the other two kept their faces hid from me as much as possible, which made me suspect them the more. I told my brother, that I thought they were after no good - We passed them again; I saw the prisoner very plain; when I got to the house where I was going to, I let them pass again, and saw them nearer together; I live about a mile from the prosecutor. About six o'clock next morning, I went to Shepherd's-bush and saw the prisoner; I told my brother he was the man that passed my house the night before; immediately as I spoke five pigs came into the road-the prisoner was driving them; I said, "Halloo, my friend, you seem as if you had drove those pigs a great way," and asked where he brought them from; he said, from Chertsey, and was going to take them to town; I got out of my chaise, and told him he was the man who passed my house at Drayton, the night before; he said, he was there once. I asked if the pigs belonged to him? he said, they were his and his brother's-that they bred them, and that they lived near Chertsey - They were overdrove; I told him they were stolen, and secured him.


                  SIMON 
                  GOWING
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Sheperd's Bush, and saw the prisoner in custody; he said, the pigs belonged to him.
WILLIAM AUSTIN. I am certain they were my pigs.
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired by a man named Smithers, to drive them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
