





1551. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RANKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, five shirts, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Annie 
                  Murray
               




            .
ANNIE MARRAY. I am a laundress
, and live in Britannia-row


; the prisoner lodged about seven weeks with me. I missed a shirt out of a bundle, but did not suspect her-next week I lost two more, and lost the gentleman's custom; the week after that I lost three wet shirts, and accused the prisoner with taking them; she fell on her knees and called God to witness that she was innocent and knew nothing of them; I told her if she had pledged them, to tell me where, as I should lose my bread, being a widow with three children - She still denied it. I lost a brother, which put me in great trouble-the prisoner left my lodgings that week - I could do nothing with her at that time, until he was buried. I then went to her lodgings, and begged of her, if she had taken them, to own it; she insulted me very much, and said she was innocent. I have had no work since; about a fortnight ago, I received information,went to the pawnbroker's, and found one of my shirts; I had her taken up-five more have since been found at different pawnbrokers'.
WILLIAM READ. I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Hatton-garden; she denied the charge. I went to her lodgings in Brighton-street, Gray's-inn-lane, and found the duplicates of five shirts.
GEORGE BOYCE. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Theobald's-road. I have three shirts pledged with me, by the prisoner, two for 6s., and one for 5s.
WILLIAM ALDRIDGE. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Orange-street, Bloomsbury. I have a shirt pledged for 4s.; the duplicate found on the prisoner is mine.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPPAGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Snowhill. I have a shirt pledged by the prisoner, on the 13th of June.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was deserted by a man who I had lived seven years with. Distress drove me to do it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
