






412. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, a wrapper value 2 s. and an hundred pound weight of cotton-twist, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Holt
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  HOLT
               



            . My uncle's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Holt
               



            , he is a carrier
 at the Axe Inn, Aldermanbury, these things were stolen out of a cart.
JOHN WATSON. I am a carman to 
               
                  James 
                  Holt
               



            . On the 5th of February about seven o'clock I had a cart load of ds, I had delivered some, and what I had in the cart I was to bring home to the Axe Inn. I received the goods at Paddington they came up by the Canal. I had four packs of cotton in one bail, they were all safe when I left Mr. White's facing the bottom of Falcon-square, they were at the bottom of the cart covered over with a sheet.
Q. Where was it you missed this - A. In Silver-street


. I missed one of these packs through some one calling out stop carman, you have lost a truss; I stopped the horse; I ran and took it from the prisoner myself and put it in the cart again; the patrol secured the prisoner, and some of the by standers, the prisoner was not above ten yards from the cart. He said it tumbled down from the cart and he had holloaed for the carman to stop.
Q. Was it possible that it could have dropped from the cart - A. It was impossible for it to have dropped, from the cart, it is a close bodied cart; there is a tail-board to it, it shuts up close, it lay at the bottom. The patrol secured the prisoner and brought him back to the Axe Inn, there was a constable sent for and he was charged.
Q. Are you quite sure that was one of the four packs that you had in the cart - A. Yes, I can swear to the wrapper, Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Eamer
               



             granted the cotton to be taken out of the wrapper to be brought here, the contents of the wrapper was one hundred pound weight of cotton-twist I have delivered the cotton and kept the wrapper. The cotton-twise was to be left at the Axe Inn till called for; it belonged to Mr. Beardmore he has a warehouse in Milk-street, it was lodged there.


                  JOHN 
                  WAUGH
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 5th of February about seven o'clock or half-past seven in Silver-street I saw two men on the opposite side of the way, drawing something out of a cart driven by Watson. I went round the tail of the cart and seized hold of the prisoner, he had got the wrapper out of the cart, the other person ran off, I held him till somebody ran after the carman, Watson secured the wrapper and the goods and put it in his cart, as soon as I seized hold of the prisoner he holoaed Carman.
Q. He did not holloa out Carman before you took hold of him - A. No, and when the Carman came up, he asked me whether I thought he looked like a person that would take such a thing out of a cart; the prisoner wanted me to let him go, he said he would not run away, I said he might depend upon it I would not let him go, I took him to the Axe, I ran and Mr. Holt sent for an officer and from there we took him to the Compter; the wrapper was delivered to Prestow the officer.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRESTOW
               



            . I am a constable. This man was given in charge to me, this is the wrapper. I saw the goods unpacked, they were cotton-twist. I have kept the wrapper ever since. The owner told me the cotton-twist was worth 21 l.
Q.(to Watson) Tell me whether that is the wrapper that contained the cotton-twist that was taken from your cart - A. It is.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
             aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
