






613. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DART
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously having in their custody and possession three forged and counterfeit bank notes, they well knowing them to be forged
            .
THIRD AND FOURTH COUNTS. For having the said forged notes in certain lodgings or apartments of their's.
FIFTH AND SIXTH COUNTS, stating the lodgings or apartments to belong to the said 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dart
               



            .
SEVENTH AND EIGHTH COUNTS, stating the lodgings or apartments to belong to the said 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Griffiths
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 17th of April, at two o'clock, in consequence of information I received, I and Forbes went to No. 3, Nag's Head-court, Golden-lane, and saw the landlady; I asked for Mr. and Mrs. Dart, she said they were up stairs in the first-floor front room, and immediately called, out
"Mrs. Dart!" I ran up stairs, and took hold of the door, which was just opened. I went in and found the prisoners and two other men there. I told Dart that I had information that he was dealing in and selling forged bank notes, and was come to search the house - he made me no answer; none of them said any thing. I began to search about the room - Forbes watched the door. While I was looking in the cupboard, one of the men got up to go. I searched the two men, but found nothing on them, and they went away. I observed a little wooden box under the bed, and asked Dart whose box it was? he said he did not know, it was left there by a person. I asked him the person's name, and if he could give me any account of him? they both said they knew nothing about him, he was a stranger to them. I asked Dart for the key, he said he had not got it, and knew nothing about it. I asked him several times for it, he said he had not got it. I said,
"Then I will break it open," and laid hold of the poker to do so. He was sitting on a chair, he then moved himself, and sat on the window-frame, sitting half out of the window. He pushed the window up a little higher - his head, and part of his body were then out. I desired Forbes to lay hold of him. I forced the box-lid open, and there found twenty-two forged bank notes, all loose about the box - I marked them. I also found a pocket-book in the box, and a few old rags and stockings. In the pocket-book were found three bank notes, apparently unfinished, and some sparring tickets for the benefit of young Crawley. The moment he saw them, he said,
"They are my property!" and two affidavits of pawnbrokers' duplicates. These are the notes I first found - (looking at them) - and these are the three notes which I found in the pocket-book - they have no date line. One of the affidavits is signed Dart, and the other has the mark of M. A. Dart. I took the prisoners, box and all, to the watch-house.
Q. Did you afterwards return - A. Yes. The landlady gave me a key, which she said she found. Next day she delivered me another key - they both of them fitted the lock of the box.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I was with the last witness - his statement is correct.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BUCK
               



            . I live at No. 3, Nag's Head-court Golden-lane - the two prisoners lodged there eight days - the male prisoner took the lodging, it was furnished. I was in the room making the bed, at the time they brought their things in - the woman and a little boy came first; the boy brought the box on his head. I think it is the one produced - it is the same size, colour, and appearance - to the best of my judgment it is the same - I saw no other box but that; they lived together.
Q. Do you remember the officers coming on the 17th - A. Yes; they went up stairs, and took the prisoners away about two o'clock. After they were gone, about three o'clock, I had occasion to go to the dust-hole, which is immediately under the window of the prisoner's room, and found a key laying lightly on the top of the dust - it might easily have been dropped from his window. Mrs. Jeffrey, who lodged in the opposite room to the prisoners, was in their room with me. I saw her pick up a key from under the ashes of the grate. I gave them both to Thompson.


                  MARY 
                  JEFFREY
               



            . I lodge in the house, and remember the prisoners being apprehended. I went into their room afterwards, and found a key under the grate, which I gave to Mrs. Buck.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes. The three notes set out in the indictment are all forged in every respect, paper, plate, ink and signature, and the other nineteen are also forged in every respect, and of the same description as the others, are off the same plate, and have never been in circulation. The three notes found in the pocket-book are also forged as far as they are manufactured - they are of a different description to the others. The date line is not filled up.



                  SAMUEL 
                  LEET
               



            . I am a signing clerk of the Bank. One of the notes has my name to it, but is not my writing. Here are seven others purporting to be signed by me, but they are not my writing.


                  ROBERT 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a signing clerk. Three of the notes purport to have my signature - they are not my writing.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am a signing clerk. Eleven of the notes purport to be signed by me, but are not my signature.
DART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
GRIFFITHS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
