





500. 
               
                  
                     GUSTAF 
                     A'LUMBERG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, one looking-glass, value 1l.; one counterpane, value 3s.; one sheet, value 2s.; and one set of bed furniture, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Deckman
                        




                     
                  ; the said goods being in a lodging in his dwelling-house, let to the prisoner, to be used with the lodging
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DECKMAN
               



            . I live in Raven-row, Spitalfields


. On the 27th of January, I let the prisoner my top room-the articles stated in the indictment were let with the lodging. He left the house between six and seven o'clock in the morning of the first week, without giving me notice or paying his rent. I missed the property out of his room, and he was taken the same day.


                  ANN 
                  DECKMAN
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner gave me no notice - I found his room open, and the things gone. I also missed a French grammar.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I work at Mr. Bryan's, trunk-maker, Ludgate-hill. On the 5th of February, about a quarter after nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked if he might leave the things there till four o'clock. I never saw him before. I gave him leave, and he went away. At a quarter before one, he came for them. - I had got the officer in attendance at the time; he asked the prisoner if the property was his; he said it was, and that he had brought it from an hotel. The officer said he would go with him. There was a French grammar among the things, which had the prosecutor's name in it.


                  JAMES 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am officer. I waited in Mr. Bryan's shop-the prisoner came in; I asked him who the property belonged to-he claimed it, and said he brought it from an hotel. I desired him to shew me the hotel - He took me to the Swan with two Necks. I found he had been there, but they knew nothing about him. I secured him, and found Mr. Deckman out, by his name being in the grammar.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
