





885. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September
, sixty-nine pounds weight of brass, value 3 l. and two pounds weight of lead, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an ironmonger
. I live in Three Fox-yard, Long-lane


. The prisoner was my carman
. On the 5th of September, me and my son packed up this brass. There was one hundred and sixty pounds in weight. We tied up the bag, and put a label on the bag, of the weight of the metal. The bag remained in my warehouse from that time until the 21st of September, and on the 21st of September we examined the bag. We found this sixty-nine pounds missing, and weighed the other with the remainder, and found it would make up one hundred and sixty pounds. I saw the sixty-nine pounds weight of brass before the sitting alderman, and the prisoner was then in custody. I knew the brass to be part of the one hundred and sixty pounds that we packed up. It is worth forty shillings, and that is under the value.


                  JOSHUA 
                  LEE
               



            . I only know that I assisted in packing up this brass, with my father, and I put the label on the bag. I knew the brass which I saw before the sitting alderman to be part of the one hundred and sixty pounds that I packed in the bag.


                  JOB 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I am a watchman of Cripplegate Without. I took the prisoner in custody facing the new brewery in Golden-lane, in the City, at one o'clock at night, on the 11th of September. I saw him with this parcel of brass. I asked him, what he had got in the handkerchief. I saw he had something in his waistcoat pocket. I took a piece of brass out of his pocket. He had thirteen pieces in all. I asked him where he got it. He would not tell me; so I took him to the watchhouse, and gave the brass to the officer of the night.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a constable. I was present at the watchhouse at the time the prisoner was brought in by the watchman, with three ingots of brass in a handkerchief. I assisted in taking out the other pieces of brass from about him. He refused to inform me how he came by it. I took him to the Compter. He was examined the next day before the alderman. The brass was then advertised. It went on to the fourth examination, and then the prisoner was discharged. The brass was at last claimed by Mr. Lee, and the prisoner was re-taken, and committed. I have had the brass in my custody ever since.
Prosecutor. The brass that the constable produces is part of the one hundred and sixty pounds weight of brass that I had in my warehouse. I am sure of it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
