





1530. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November, 1817
, one snuff-box, value 25s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James George 
                     Hodgson
                  




               
            .
MR. JAMES GEORGE HODGSON. I keep the Piazza Coffee-House, in Covent-Garden




. The prisoner came into my service, as waiter
, about April, 1817, and left me in November last; after he left me I missed my snuff-box, and found it at Hatton-Garden Office a short time ago.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He was the chamberlain - A. Yes; my servants sometimes find things and return them to the gentlemen. My snuff-box was occasionally in my room, or in my parlour.
Q. Your partner died while the prisoner was with you - A. Yes, and the prisoner had morning.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I keep the Golden Lion, in St. John-street. The prisoner was waiter at my house. I had occasion to search his box on the 21st of September last-Read found the snuff-box in his trunk. He came to live with me from the Grotto public-house.
WILLIAM READ. I am an officer of Hatton-Garden Office. I searched the prisoner's box, and found the snuffbox in it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not intend to appropriate it to my own use. I found the box, and put it into my pocket, thinking I should receive a present from the gentleman who owned it. I have had things for three or four months before they were owned. Having changed my clothes to go into morning, I did not remember having it until after I left; It certainly would have been better if I had given it to the prosecutor, but I did not.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
