






1296. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HUNTER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, one telescope, value 16s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Thomas 
                     Nicholas
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Thomas Nicholas
               



            , who is a broker
, and lives at Battle-bridge


. On the 23d of July, about five o'clock, I was in the shop, andobserved the prisoner Hunter looking at some old books. I desired him to go away; he put his hand to his hat, as if he wished to speak; I went to him; he asked if I had a spelling-book; I told him I had not; he asked if I should have one by Saturday; I said we might, and he went away. About five minutes afterwards, a boy came and asked if I had lost a telescope; I missed one from the bench in the fore-court, close to the books. I went to the public-house and found the prisoners in custody. The constable produced the telescope. There is no railing to the fore-court.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am constable of Pancras. I saw the prisoners at Battle-bridge, about half past four o'clock. I observed Jones point to the prosecutor's fore-court to Hunter, who immediately went up. Jones stood at the corner of the wall; Hunter returned, and slipped something under Jones's apron. They separated. I told Goodhall to follow Jones. I followed Hunter, took him about thirty yards off, and asked what business he had up the yard; he made no answer. Goodhall brought Jones back. I searched him, and found the telescope in his breeches. Jones could not be seen in the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  GOODHALL
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was with Hutt, and saw the prisoners go towards the prosecutor's shop. Jones pointed to where the goods were. Hunter went to them, returned, and gave Jones something. I followed Jones, and saw him put something down his right thing. We took him, and found the telescope in his breeches.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HUNTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Confined Two Months
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
