





622. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, two bed-curtains, value 10 s.; one valance, value 2 s., and two sheets, value 8 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Oaker
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY 
                  OAKER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Oaker
               



            , we live at Fulham


. On the 25th of March the prisoner's wife took a furnished apartment at our house at 4 s. a week - the prisoner came soon after; they did not stop above half an hour. Soon after, I heard the door shut - I went up, I found their room-door locked; it is the second floor. I could see through the crevice of the door that the vallance was cut off and gone - they had borrowed a knife of me. I broke the door open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. The prisoner was secured in about an hour, with the valance round his body, and the curtains and sheets in a bundle.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM RICHMOND
               



            . I live near Oaker. Hearing she had been robbed, I went after the prisoner, and stopped him with the things in the King's-road, about a mile from the prosecutor's house - his wife was with him, and had the bundle. I asked him what he had in the bundle? he said, nothing but his own property. He refused to let me see what it contained. Assistance came; he then said I should have the things. The bundle contained the sheets and curtains. I found the valance twisted round his body, under his smock-frock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
