





341. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PARKINS
                  




               
             was indicted. for that 


               she, on the 24th of August, in the 51st year of his Majesty's reign
, unlawfully, by false pretences, did obtain from 
                     
                        
                           Robert Wall 
                           Eyles
                        




                     
                  , twelve yards of bombazeen, value 2 l. 13 s.
            



                  ROBERT 
                  WALL EYLES
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, 23, Ludgate-hill


. On the 24th of August, 1811, the prisoner came into my shop. She brought a note, as if from Mrs. Curtis of Stretham, Surry. This is the note.
"Stretham, Surry. Mrs. Curtis will be oblidged to Mr. Eyles to send me by the carrier, twelve yards of strong bombazeen; likewise will thank you to send two patterns of double twilled sarsenett. I think I paid you four shillings and sixpence per yard for some bombazeen, am not certain." I gave directions for the bombazeen to be cut off, and it was cut off, as many yards as were ordered, twelve yards. The prisoner represented herself to be the carrier. The bombazeen was delivered to her.
Q. What was the worth of that bombazeen - A. Two pounds seventeen shillings. I think the note speaks of her intention to pay for it very soon. I never was paid for it. In consequence of my not receiving the money at Christmas, I sent the bill to Stretham. No person could be found answering that description. There was a Mrs. Curtis living at Stretham, in very low circumstances. It could not possibly be for her. She disowned having sent for them. I packed up the parcel myself, and delivered it to the prisoner. I have never seen the silk or the money since.
Q. When did you see this woman again - A. I saw her at Guildhall, on her examination, about three weeks or a month ago, just after the last sessions.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
