





738. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HOLLOWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, one saw, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Scales
                        



                     
                  ; one saw, value 8 s., and one rule, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brazier
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Heston


; the prisoner was a gentleman's servant
. On the 5th of April, at night, my shutters were broken open, and these tools taken - Scales and Brazier work at my shop. The staple was drawn, and every thing taken out of my shop. I suppose it was done about two o'clock in the night, as I heard a noise about that time, and got up, but saw nothing.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SCALES
               



            . I lost my tools out of the shop - they were safe the night before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAZIER
               



            . I lost my tools the same night.


                  RICHARD 
                  RAVENER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 6th of April, I took the prisoner, at the Coach and Horses, at Hanwell, and found the tools upon him. He offered them all to me for sale for 10 s.; he sold them to a carpenter in the room for 7 s. - I secured him. He said his name was Hiscock, which I knew to be false.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them for 6 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
