





753. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CASSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, four printed bound books, value 1l. 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Black
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kingsbury
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Parbury
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William Houghton 
                     Allen
                  



               
            .
MR. ALEXANDER BLACK. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kingsbury
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Parbury
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Houghton
               



             Allen; we are bookseller



s, and live in Leaden-hall-street


. On the 11th of April the prisoner came for some sheets to bind. Bousfield found the books in his bag.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BOUSFIELD
               



            . I am a shopman to the prosecutors. The prisoner was porter to Mr. Gordon, who is our bookbinder. On the 11th of April he brought home a load of bound books; he was waiting for more work; I stooped below the counter to get him some sheets - He asked to go several times, but was desired to stop for more work, and in the interim I communicated my suspicions to one of the partners - He was desired to walk up stairs, where he was accused with taking books off the counter, which he at first denied, but afterwards confessed it. I was sent down for his bag, and found it contained the sheets he had to take back to bind, and four bound books, three of which he had brought home that day from his master-the other was taken off the counter. He was given in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They offered me my liberty to tell whom I had sold books to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
