





1221. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     CUFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, one carpet, value 1 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George Henry 
                     Robins
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN ROPER
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Henry Robins
               



            , who is an auctioneer
. On the 10th of August we had a sale in Montague-street


 - the carpet was suspended from the balcony, with two or three auction-bills on it - it was missed about three o'clock. The prisoner was a porter who attended at the door.
Cross-examined by MR. BROADRICK. The sale was assigned to Mr. Robins only.


                  JOHN 
                  WADMORE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 10th of August, between two and three o'clock, I was going to the sale, and met the prisoner about two hundred yards from the house, with the carpet on his shoulder - I thought he carried it in an awkward manner, it being merely thrown over his shoulder. He turned, and looked at me - I am sure he is the man. I saw the edge of the auction-bill on it. In about an hour inquiry was made for it, and I gave this information; in about an hour after the prisoner was taken into custody at the door.


                  HENRY 
                  TASKER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cook, who lives next door to where the auction was. I saw the prisoner run by, with the carpet on his shoulder - I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Robins. I saw the prisoner laying on the balcony before the robbery was committed.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Smithfield to take down a bedstead, then went to the sale about a quarter after two o'clock, went to dinner, returned to the sale, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
