





657. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Cable
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night, on the 24th of July
, and stealing therein a coat, value 30 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a hat, value 6 s. a shirt, value 2 s. and a pair of stockings, value 9 d. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Brown
                     



                  ; a pair of breeches, value 11 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a frock, value 1 s. three pinafores, value 2 s. a tablecloth, value 3 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. a bed-gown, value 6 d. and a bottle of rum, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Cable
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CABLE
               



            . I keep the George public-house in Little Saffron Hill, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn




.
Q. Was your house broken open. - A. Yes, on the 24th of July after we went to bed. I was the last of the family that went to bed, I went to bed about twelve o'clock, I fastened the doors and windows myself. I was called up at six o'clock by my brother that was going to work, he found all the doors open. I knew nothing of it until I was called up.
MRS. CABLE. Q. What property was lost. - A. Three pinafores, a frock, a bed-gown, a tablecloth, two handkerchiefs, a napkin, and two bottles of spirits. The clothes were all in the kitchen; I had seen them on the over night.
Q. What is the value of all these things. - A. About ten shillings.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a lodger in this house, I lost a coat, waistcoat, shirt, hat, and a pair of stockings. I had worn them about seven months, they were all in the kitchen. I put them away on the Sunday night before the robbery.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. On receiving the information of the robbery from Mrs. Cable, I went to the prisoner's apartment in Portpool Lane, the morning after the robbery. The prisoner was in bed, I found the whole of the property now produced on a box at the foot of his bed, he said his brother gave it to him.
The property produced and identified.
Prosecutor. The prisoner and his brother came into the house the night before the robbery was committed; and when the robbery was done these two hats were left in the house, they belong to Howard and Hunt, I knew one of them, I enquired where he lived. I took Hancock, and went to his apartment, that is how we found the robbery out. Hancock forced the door openand found nobody in the room but the prisoner and his wife.
GUILTY, aged 21,
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
