






201. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CASSIMERE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, one pound fourteen ounces of silk, value 3l. 14s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , widow
, privately in her shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  LEWES
               



            . I am a widow, I live at No. 48, Cheyney Walk, Chelsea


, I have a shop there. The silk in question was on the counter at four o'clock, and we missed it at half past eight in the evening; it was sewing silk. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jones
               



             assists in my shop, she is not here.
WILLIAM BARRETT. I am acting as a Bow-street officer. On the 19th of last month, I was in company with Johnson, and Woodroffe, in the Strand; I saw the two prisoners at the opposite side of the way. knowing their characters, I took notice of them. I saw something underneath Butt's coat; we watched their motions for about an hundred yards; seeing them speak to each other; this was a little after six. I caught hold of Butts, and Johnson caught hold of Cassimere. I asked Butts what he had got, and he said nothing. I unbuttoned his coat, and took that bundle of silk, (producing it.) I asked him where he got it, and where he meant to take it to. He hesitated some time, and could not satisfy us, only that he had picked it up in Scotland yard. When I took it from him, this handkerchief was over it;he said he picked it up; I told him that could not be, for it was a very dirty night, and the bundle was quite clean. We then took them to Bow-street. By the letters C. H. we guessed it belonged either to somebody at Charing Cross, Cheapside, or Chelsea; at last we found it belonged to the prosecutrix.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. Corroborated the account of the last witness.
BUTT, GUILTY, aged 15,
CASSIMERE, GUILTY, aged 16,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
