





1152. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, one pair of breeches, value 10s.; two yards of flannel, value 2s.; one yard of muslin, value 5s.; three yards of cotton, value 4s.; three yards of calico, value 2s.; two shirts, value 1s., and one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in Shropshire. On the 24th of July, about five o'clock in the morning, I went to the side of the Paddington Canal


, to take my passage home by the barge-Bauld was with me. We sat down to wait for the boat-my bundle was under my head; we were in the canal-yard. The prisoner came round us two or three times; in about a quarter of an hour, he came and snatched the bundle from under my head, and ran away, I pursued, he was stopped in a few minutes; he had got out of my sight. I am certain he is the man. I have never found my bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  BAULD
               



            . I was with the prosecutor; we laid down on some straw - I saw the prisoner take the bundle from under his head. I am sure he is the man. We pursued, and took him; he had got rid of the bundle.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife; I was with him, and saw the prisoner come round the rick three times. I am certain he is the man. I was asleep when he took the bundle.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
