





94. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of November
, a watch, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Andrews
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an undertaker
, in Compton-street.
Q. Did you lose a watch on the 18th of November - A. Yes; I lost it for about a minute. It was near one in the day. It was a silver hunting watch. The watch was in my fob at the time I was in Church-lane, St. Giles's


. It so happened, on the day stated in the indictment, we had an order for two coffins. My man took the big coffin, and I took the child's coffin, and where it happened was opposite where the man lay dead. It became me to guide the man in with the coffin. I was giving a Mr. M'Carty the little coffin until I came down stairs again. I felt the watch leave my pocket. No person was near me but the prisoner within five or six yards. I immediately turned round, and saw the prisoner with the watch in his left hand behind him. No person was standing near him but my man with the coffin. I seized hold of the watch and got it away from him. He parted with it rather reluctantly. I then guided the man up with the coffin, and when I came down again the prisoner was in the custody of eight or nine people. I am fully positive he is the man. I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. What was the value of your watch - A. I value it at one pound it cost me five pounds.
CHARLES M'CARTY. I took in the child's coffin of Mr. Andrews; (I keep a potatoe warehouse); and on my turning round I saw Mr. Andrews take the watch from his hand. The prisoner said he found the watch among the potatoes.


                  ISAAC 
                  BOWYER
               



            . I am a journeyman to Mr. Andrews. I saw the prisoner standing next door to Mr. M'Carty's house. Mr. Andrews was putting the coffin in M'Carty's window. He came and took Mr. Andrews's watch out. Mr. Andrews said, come give me that watch. What watch, he said.
Prisoner's Defence. They all swear so hard against me, it is of no use for me to say anything.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
