





344. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PLUMMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, five fowls, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Lyon
                  




               
            .


                  MOSES 
                  LYON
               



            . On the 15th of February, I was called up at about half past six in the morning, I came down, and the watchman and patrole told me my yard had been broken open, and my fowls had been taken out of the hen-coop. I then went with the watchman and the patrole to the watchhouse, where I saw my five fowls; an old cock and hen, and three chickens.


                  MARK 
                  PARKS
               



            . I lived at that time, next door to Mr. Lyon, at No. 7. I happened to be in my own yard, between three and four o'clock on the morning of the 15th of February; I heard some persons whispering, and what I conceived to be a man and woman's voices; I had a candle with me, and I held it up, thinking they were getting over my yard; when I held up the candle, all was quiet; I put the candle into the privy, and shut the door to, and listened, and then they began again; I heard them then talking and walking, for the snow was on the ground, and cracked. I then went to the front door of my house, and kept it a jar, as I knew they must pass me to come out of the yard where they were. I then armed myself with a stick, andwent through the arch, down the yard, and found the female prisoner there; I asked her what business brought her there, and she said, she was doing nothing. I looked round; but could see no man. I told her she had better go away, for there was a man there I was certain. In endeavouring to get away, I though; she had some bundle under her. I then went back into my own house, and kept the door a jar, and then she came out of the back square, and passed my door into the front square, and so into the street; after she was gone about half a minute, a man came out of the back square, and called after her Poll three times; the man gave the woman a bundle, which she put under her petticoats. I called the watchman, and told him to secure the man, and I would secure the woman; she made up to the wall and dropped a bundle from under her petticoats. The man got away. I picked it up, and found it was two fowls in a piece of old linen or cloth. The watchman and the man were struggling on the ground about five or six yards from me. I took the woman and the fowls to the watchhouse; but could not get any account from her where she lodged.
BENJAMIN SUGGATE. I was going the hour of four o'clock when Mr. Marks asked me if I saw a man and a woman in Ebenezar-square; I told him I had; upon which, he bid me lay bild of them. I went back, and Mr. Marks came after me; I said to him, you lay hold of the woman, and I will take the man; we came up to them, and the man knocked me down with an iron crow. and cut my head in three places very bad. He got away, and left three fowls and his hat behind.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
