





91. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GORDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
, five-hundred pounds weight of paper, value 10 l.
             the property of our Soverieng Lord the 
               
King




            .


                  JOHN 
                  STUART
               



            . I am one of the superintendants at the office of military accompts, in Duke-street, Westminster


. The prisoner was employed in the office as coal porter
, to bring coals to the fires in the different rooms that gave him access to the greater part of the rooms where the books were deposited.
Q. Have you missed a great many official papers - A. Yes, necessary for the conducting the business From information among other places I went, to Mr. Devereaux's shop, in Tothil-street, Westminster. I there found in his possession a good many papers belonging to the office. I afterwards went to Mr. Mills, I found a few there.
Q. Have you got some that you found at Devereaux's - A. Yes, these are a few that I have selected out of Devereaux's, there are for the year 1798, I know them to be official papers belonging to the office.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEREAUX
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, 9, Tothill Street.
Q. Did you ever buy any paper for waste paper of the prisoner - A. Yes, I had bought some about nine days before he was taken in custody. I think it was twelve or fourteen pounds weight; I gave him four-pence per pound, it being dirty, it was paper with writing and accompts.
Q. You recollect Mr. Stewart coming to your shop - A. Perfectly well, he received some paper of me at my shop, that is the same paper.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of stealing any, I do not recollect that paper was in my possession.



               GUILTY
            , aged 62.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
