







796. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     FERGUSON
                  , alias 
CHERRY





            , and 
               
                  ESTHER 
                  DOBSON, alias 
FERNANDEZ





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of September
, thirteen 10 l. bank notes, five 5 l. bank notes, and fourteen 1 l. bank notes. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Broms
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ABRAHAM BROMS. I am a captain of a Swedish ship
.
Q. On Tuesday, the 6th of September, had you received any bank notes - A. Yes, at Messrs. Fullers I received them, there were near two hundred pounds altogether; they were ten's, five's, and one's. I put the notes into my pocket-book when I received them, and my pocket-book into my breast pocket; I left the Exchange about five o'clock; as I was leaving the Exchange, 
               
                  Esther 
                  Ferguson
               



             met me; she asked me to go to her lodgings; I went with her, I forgot the name of the place; I went with her into a house, and when I came into the house, they locked the door, and put the key in their pocket.
Q. Was there any other person in the room at first - A. There was a little girl of twelve years old. The moment I saw the door locked, I was afraid; I wanted to go directly. Ferguson asked the little girl to go down, and ask the other lady to come up; 
               
                  Esther 
                  Dobson
               



             then came up, and 
               
                  Esther 
                  Dobson
               



             came and set on my left knee; when she came up, she got a working my coat outside, so as to raise the pocket-book up to the top of my pocket; then Ferguson came close, and looked over my shoulder, took the pocket-book, and ran down stairs. While Ferguson was down stairs, Dobson kept her arms round my neck. Ferguson came up stairs, and tried to put the pocket-book into my pocket, it fell down; I picked it up, and found all the notes were gone. Ferguson then took out the key, and said I might go if I pleased. After I picked up the pocket-book; I said to Furguson, you have taken my money away; they told me I was wrong, I said, yes, one of us must be wrong; I shall go and find a constable. I saw a man of the name of Kippax; I asked his assistance. I took one, he took the other, to the office; we secured them both.
Q. Had you more money than what you received at the bankers - A. Yes. I had one hundred and ninety four-pounds, or two hundred and four pounds, I am not sure which.
Mr. Alley. Q. This was an aukward cruise that you had; how many notes did you get at the bankers - A. One hundred and sixty-seven notes. I cannot recollect what notes I had besides.
Q. Were you sober - A. Yes.
Q. When the girl took your pocket-book, why did not you take it out of her hand - A. I was afraid there was some people below; I was afraid of being killed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIPPAX
               



            . I am a Greenwich pensioner. On Tuesday, the 6th of September, I was at my brother's house, in Church-lane; there is an alley by the side of our house, I saw the Captain and Ferguson came down the street, about five o'clock, he had hold of Ferguson by the hand; I saw them again in about ten minutes afterwards; he was singing out for a constable. I went to the door immediately; he came up our steps with Ferguson in his hand; he said, these girls had robbed him to a great amount. I saw Dobson, she had a key in her hand. I went for a constable; I could not get one. I told Dobson to come along with me; she threatened to knock me down. I said, come along to the magistrate. I assisted in taking the prisoners to the office; I delivered them over to Dalton, the officer.


                  EBENEZER 
                  DALTON
               



             I am an officer The two prisoners were brought to Lambeth-street office, by Kippax, and the prosecutor I searched them, and found nothing on them. The prisoners gave me the key for me to go and search the house; I searched the house, and found nothing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BORER
               



            . I am a clerk at the house of Fuller and Co.
Q. On the 26th of September, did you pay Mr. Broms any sum of money - A. I did; I paid him one hundred and sixty-seven pounds, in ten's, five's, and one's.
Ferguson's Defence. When the gentleman came into the house, I never saw him with any money.
Dobson's Defence. The same.
FERGUSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
DOBSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
