






120. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERRING
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, one silk handkerchief, value 1s. 2d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Raymond 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RAYMOND 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in Cross-street, Hatton Garden. On the evening of the 16th of September, between five and six o'clock, I was walking up Holborn


, and just as I got to Red Lion-street, a person stopped me, and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief? I then felt and missed it; I had felt it about ten minutes before. I was taken to a linen draper's shop across the way.


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the public office Bow-street, and was in Holborn, at the time the prisoners were secured. I knew their persons perfectly well before that time; I saw them before Mr. Jones came up, on Holborn Hill, and watched them for the space of ten minutes. Just as Mr. Jones got by Hand-court, Turner went up to his pocket, and felt it, and the other covered him; they were both in company together. Turner withdrew for a moment, but they continued following Mr. Jones until he got to Red Lion-street; then Turner went to him again, and 
               drew
             a handkerchief out of his pocket, caught it up, and gave it to Perring; at that moment Barrett came up to me; he was following them and watching them, although I did not know it. We apprehended them, and Perring made some resistance, and at that time he dropped the handkerchief.
TURNER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
PERRING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
