





873. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               gross, wilful, and corrupt perjury
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I am deputy filacer of the Court of Common Pleas. I produce the bail-piece, in which 
               
                  William 
                  Millner
               



            , of No. 4, South-street, West-square, Lambeth, whitesmith, was bail for the defendant in the cause of 
               
                  John 
                  Prosser
               



             against 
               
                  William 
                  Rodney Chambers
               



            . He was sworn; I administered the oath to him before Mr. Justice Richardson, at his chambers, in Sergeants' Inn - the prisoner is the person.



                  WILLIAM 
                  GIMBER
               



            . I am a City officer. The whole of Sergeants' Inn is in the City.


                  JOHN 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Denton and Barker, the plaintiff's attornies. I attended at Mr. Justice Richardson's chambers to oppose the prisoner as bail. He said that he had then moved to No. 4, South-street; that
who lives in Broad-street, Bloomsbury. I removed the prisoner's furniture into his house No. 4, South-street before Michaelmas, from No. 4, Rose-street, Covent-garden - it was not worth half fifty guineas; there was a bed, bedstead, and some smiths' tools. I moved no furniture from

- I was at his house, and there were as many fixtures as I would have given 20 l. for.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were not you and he bail together - A. Never. I was never bail, but in one action, and that was a year and a half ago.
Q. You was indicted here last Sessions - A. Yes, but I was honourably acquitted.
Prisoner's Defence. I never swore that I lived at Hall's - I had sixty guineas in ready money.



               GUILTY
            .





               To stand in and upon the Pillory for one Hour, opposite Newgate
            , and to be 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
