





340. 
               
                  
                     PEDRO 
                     JOZE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, four one-pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           de Mells
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  DE MELLS
               



            . I am a sailor
. I lost my four one-pound bank notes at the Red Lion public-house, close to the London Dock


. The prisoner was with me. I sent for a pot of beer. I took a shilling out of my pocket to pay for the beer. After that, he put his hand into my pocket, and took four one-pound notes, and run away. I ran after him. He ran out of the room; I could not catch him. When he took out the four one-pound notes he took some silver and copper with it, and then ran away.


                  MARY 
                  FLEMMING
               



            . I was in the Red Lion, where the prisoner and the prosecutor were drinking together. The prosecutor gave me a shilling, and the prisoner took the money out of his pocket with silver and halfpence; how much, I cannot say.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STONE
               



            . Q. Were you in the public-house - A. Yes. I saw Mary Flemming bring the prosecutor the beer. The prosecutor gave her a shilling to change. I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket; he took out four one-pound notes, some silver, and halfpence. He ran out with them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody. I asked him about the robbery. He said, he knew nothing about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not rob him. I played it cards with him in the morning, and as he had lost the money he fetched two women to swear that he had the money stolen from him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
