






1243. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     CAMERON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, one watch, value 3 l.; one ribbon, value 2 d.; one seal, value 6 d., and one key, value 2 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Ryan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Martin in the fields
. On the 26th of July, about half-past six o'clock in the afternoon, I was at West End fair with my wife and child; five men attacked and hustled me as I came through - they jostled me, parted my wife and child from me, and pushed her into the crowd - one of them hustled me, and forced me down on my knees, and then five of them surrounded me. I got up again; they closed in upon me, and Carter took hold of my left arm, while the others took my watch from my fob. I collared the man who took my watch; Carter immediately struck me - I am certain Cameron is the man who shoved me down on my knees; I have never found my watch. I held the man, and saw Furzeman coming to my assistance. He came up, collared him, and we took him to the back of the fair, then a crowd of about fifty or sixty marched towards me with bludgeons and short sticks - Carter was the first man who came up. He struck Furzeman across the mouth with a bludgeon, they then struck me also, knocked me down, and rescued the man from us; then two or three jumped on the top of me, and cried out,
"Kick his eyes out," and many other bad expressions. My head was cut, and I was insensible. I am certain the prisoners were two of them.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Have you been a watchman long - A. About four years - I was quite sober. Cameron was taken up three or four days after, and I said he was the man immediately as I saw him.


                  JOHN 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Giles's, and was at West End fair with my wife - there was an opening from the field into the fair; I met Ryan having hold of a man. I took hold of him, and took him into a field behind the booths, then a gang rushed out, and both my lips were cut. I was stunned and cannot say who it was, to be certain - the treatment I received prevented me from observing them; I was very much beat, and ill-used, and so was the prosecutor. They called out,
"Murder the b - d - y Furzeman."


                  JANE 
                  RYAN
               



            . I was at the fair with my husband; he was very much ill-used; I know Carter was one of the men - I recollect his face. I saw him again three or four days after. I was separated from my husband by the gang.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CAMERON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.





               Transported for Life
            

Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
