






295. 
               
                  LAZARUS 
                  LEVY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ROSE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, 500 lbs. of sugar, value 18l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Francis 
                     Puist
                  




               
            .
JOHN 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  PUIST
               



            . I am a sugar-refiner
, and live in Old Montague-street, Whitechapel


. On the 2d of January, between two and three in the morning, the watchman alarmed me-the house was secured before I went to bed. I found the sugar-house open, and a hogshead broken open-two moulds were empty; we traced the sugar, by its dropping, up to the step of a door in Finch-street, about 150 yards off; a man ran out of that house, and escaped. We traced the sugar, by its falling up the stairs, to the one pair room, where we found it in a drawer, which was drawn out-there was nearly 5 cwt. of it. The prisoners were in bed in that room.
WILLIAM HORNBLOW. I am a watchman. Between two and three o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise in the sugar-house; before I got the door two men rushed out, knocked me down, and ran away. I gave the alarm.
WILLIAM DOWNS. I am a watchman. I pursued after the men that ran out, and traced the sugar to the house, up stairs to the room where the prisoners were found-the door was about a foot open; some of the sugar laid on the floor, in a heap, and some in a drawer-the prisoners said they knew nothing about it; there was a washhand stand in the room, and some person had been washing there. Rose said it was her room. There was no appearance of sugar any where else. It would take two or three persons to remove the sugar. I found a dark lanthorn in the sugar-house.
CHARLES ANGUS. I am a headborough. I traced the sugar to the house, and found it there.
LEVY'S Defence. It was in the house all night. I know nothing of it.
ROSE'S Defence. Two men asked me to let them leave it there, and they brought it.
LEVY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROSE-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
