





705. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEWES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, a coat, value 2l. a shirt, value 9s. and a gown, value 15s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dale
                        




                     
                   in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Clayton
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  DALE
               



            . I am a labouring man
. On the 8th of June last, I lodged at No. 5, Rope-maker's-fields


, the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Clayton
               



            . I have known the prisoner between five and six years; he has been a shipmate with me. I took him home to sleep with me at my lodgings on the night previous to the day in the indictment. I went out the next morning, leaving him at my lodgings, and I left the things on the table, that he might get his breakfast. I left the clothes named in the indictment in the room in my chest, which was not locked. When I returned, the prisoner was gone, and my room door was locked, and the key was left with the landlady; I have never recovered my clothes again.
DANIEL WATTS I live in Cable-street, St. George's in the East. The prisoner offered to sell me a blue coat, and white gown. The coat had yellow buttons, as the prosecutor has described it. I observed the size of the coat, and thought it was one that would it Dale. I asked him if the coat was his own; he said, it was. I asked him what made him sell it, and he said, he was very much distressed, and he said, the gown was his girls; I bought them of him. I saw him again afterwards. I told him go to some regular clothe's shop, and they could give him more than I could. He said he sold the coat to an old woman in Rosemary-lane; he said, he sold it for eight shillings, and some gin.


                  JOHN 
                  LINES
               



            . I am headbaraugh of Limehouse. I apprehended the prisoner by the desire of the prosecutor. He acknowledged stealing the things, and said, he supposed he should be transported.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
