








234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November

, one dial, value 4l.
            , the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Green
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Campbell 
                     Majoribanks
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Connelly
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     REDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he knowing it to have been stolen
            .
ELIZA LOVERING. I live at the Cannon, public-house, in the Minories



. The dial hung in the tap-room. On the 17th of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came in, and called for a pint of beer, and asked for a pen and ink. Redford and Holt went out and came in again; they said something about some bread, I said I sold it, they asked for some. I went to the cupboard for it, and while I turned my back they went out; they had hardly drank any beer- they did not return. In about five minutes I missed the dial, which hung up in the box where they were. Between nine and ten o'clock Jackson came in, and told me to attend at the office. I am in care of the house for Green and Co. until it is let.


                  LOUISA 
                  BRINDLE
               



            . I am servant at the house. On the 17th of November, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoners came in, and had a pint of porter and the pen and ink; Wilks paid for it; I gave him a farthing in change; Redford was then gone out-shortly after Holt went out, leaving Wilks there; he had a great coat under his arm; soon after Holt came to the door, and said something about bread and cheese; my mistress said she sold it- Holt said they would have some; while she hurried to get it they both went away from the door, leaving their beer; they never returned. I missed the dial about ten o'clock; Jackson told us to go to Shadwell office, where we saw Redford.


                  JONAS 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am a patrol. I was on duty on the 17th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, in Church-lane, St. George's. The prisoner, Redford, passed me with something under his arm, wrapped up; I asked what he had there? he made no answer, but walked on- I followed, and asked him again - He said it was a Dutch clock, which he brought from over the water, from West-square, Blackfriar's-road, and he was going to take it to his sister's, in Kingsland-road. I asked who it belonged to? he said to his mother, that he knew the maker very well, there were two brothers of them, and he went to school with them, and their names were Baggs. I took him into custody; there was a boy before him, without a coat, and a man behind him; the man followed us to the watch-house; I cannot say whether it was Wilks, I think Holt is the boy.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer of St. George's. On the 17th of November the prisoner, Redford, was brought to the watch-house with the dial- I questioned him about it; at last he said it was of no use to tell a falsehood about it- that he had been innocently led into it, and that it came from a house in the Minories. He then said the two lads that were with him gave it to him to carry; that they went into a public-house with him. He went out for a sheet of paper to write a letter for them, on his return he met them outside with the dial, and told him to come along, he must not go in any more- in conequence of which I apprehended Holt and Wilks the next morning; the dial was wrapped up in Holt's great-coat. When I took 
               Holt
             I told him there was his coat; he said it was his coat, but he had lent to his brother to go into the country with. I found two spoons, a chisel, and a new lock and key on him. I also found a small iron chisel, a knife, and a quantity of wire on Wilks. I told him he had come out of his way. He said he had to call at Wapping.
WILLIAM SUMMERS. I am an headborough. I went with Jackson to New Michael-street, Bethnal-green. After waiting there till twelve o'clock, Holt came in; we secured him, and then Wilks came in.


                  ANN 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . The prisoners, Holt and Wilks, lodged with me in New Michael-street. They said they were brothers, and attended the Theatres. The coat that the dial was in is Holt's. On the 17th of November he came home without a coat about eight o'clock- Wilks came in after him.
JOHN NORTON. I am clerk to Messrs. David Green, Campbell Majoribanks and Valentine Connolly, the proprietors of the house, which is in the city- the dial is their's.
HOLT'S Defence. I was at work at the time.
REDFORD'S Defence. I met a man, who asked me to carry it for him, took me into a public-house, and said he had two men in custody, and if I would say it was them I should be admitted an evidence against them.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . It is false. He gave me information where to find the other two prisoners.
HOLT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
WILKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
REDFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
