






1184. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRITTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, two live pigs, price 50s.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Turner
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a cowkeeper
, and live in Webber-row, Blackfriars-road


. On the 1st of July, about eight o'clock in the evening, my pigs were safe in the sty in the yard, at the back of my house, I missed them next morning at four, and found them at Marlborough-street Office, at two o'clock that afternoon. They are worth 50s.


                  HENRY 
                  STONE
               



            . I keep the toll-gate, Duke-street, Westminster. On the 2d of July, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, Britton, drove two pigs through my gate, the prisoner, Newman, stood on the other side of the road; I knew they belonged to the prosecutor, but thought he might have sold them. In about a quarter of an hour I was asked about them, and went in pursuit; I overtook the prisoners in Charles-street, Westminster, and found Britton had got on a smock-frock, which Newman was wearing when I first saw them. I followed them to Whitehall chapel, Newman left Britton, and then joined him again. I took Newman in St. Martin's lane, and gave him in charge. I followed Britton, with the pigs, to Golden-square, asked him where he was driving them to, and told him they were not his. He said, "if they are your's, take the whip and drive them while I fetch the person who owns them." I took him to the office. Turner claimed the pigs.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLAMS
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Duke-street, Westminster. Between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning of the 1st of July, I saw two men drive the pigs by my door. I did not know the men who drove them. I told Turner.
NEWMAN'S Defence. I never saw them.
BRITTON'S Defence. I saw the pigs in Blackfriars-road; a man asked me if I knew who they belonged to? he said he was the street - keeper, and asked me to drive them over Westminster-bridge.
NEWMAN 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
BRITTON 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
