






1273. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STANFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HANSHILL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Dickinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I live in Villers-street, Strand. On the 1st of August, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was at the corner of Norfolk-street, in the Strand


, going towards home-my handkerchief was safe then. I saw three men behind me. About a minute after, I saw a man on the opposite side of the way, lay hold of another-at the same time, immediately before me, another man was laid hold of, they were the prisoners. I saw the one on the other side of the way throw something from him-it was the prisoner, Hanshill. He was broughht over to me, and I accused him of taking my handkerchief; I missed it it was produced. The prisoners are two of the men I had seen following me - I looked them in the face.


                  JOHN 
                  GUY
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw Mr. Dickinson, and another gentleman, going up the Strand. I watched the prisoners and another man for ten minutes before they followed Mr. Dickinson. I saw Hanshill go before the other two, nearer to Mr. Dickinson; they looked round two or three times, and attempted his pocket. I got on the other side of the way, and saw Hanshill take the handkerchief out; the other two were close behind him, to prevent his being seen; he turned round, spoke to them, and made off over the way. I seized him; the handkerchief was in his hand, he threw it away-Thompson came and picked it up. The other man got away-Forbes seized Stanfield.

THOMAS THOMPSON. I am an officer. I first saw the prisoners in a court by Temple-bar - I watched them. Mr. Dickinson and his friend came by, and they followed them. I saw Hanshill go up; the other leaned over to conceal him, as if his hand was in Mr. Dickinson's pocket; I was on the other side of the way, farther off than Guy. I saw Hanshill run over the way, Guy laid hold of him; the handkerchief fell from his hand, and I picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HANSHILL'S Defence. I picked it up. Thompson said, if I would give him 1l. he would let me go.
THOMAS THOMPSON. It is false.
STANFIELD'S Defence. I was going home, and they seized me.
HANSHILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
STANFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
