






91. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .
JAMES WILSON. I am a linnen draper
, I live in St. John Street


. On the 15th of November, the two prisoners came into my shop to look at some silk handkerchiefs, I shewed them a number, they did not approve of any. I took them away, and brought a drawer full, the handkerchiefs were covered over, I set it on the counter before them, and left it covered over, then stepped about ten yards to a door, to call my young man, a number of other customers coming in just at that time. When I came back, the man prisoner had taken the paper off the the drawer, and was looking at them, the woman stood by him, and appeared to be putting something into her pocket. I still opened the handkerchiefs for them to look at, to endeavour to sell them one, and while I was doing this, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Day
               



             leaned over the counter, and said, she saw the man take a handkerchief out of the drawer, and give it to the woman. They bought nothing, turned to go out, I prevented them, and pushed them into the back room. I told them they had got a handkerchief of mine; after a great deal of altercation, the woman prisoner threw the handkerchief down, and said,
"there it is.


                  ANN 
                  DAY
               



            . I went into the shop to buy a skain of thread, they were all very busy, I was looking about to see who was at leisure to serve me, I saw Mr. Wilson shewing these people handkerchiefs. I saw Thomas Cohen take the paper off, and take the handkerchief out of the drawer. He looked about him, and gave it to the woman that stood at his left hand, and she put it under her coat. I told Mr. Wilson of it.
Cohen's Defence. I had been to the India House, I was going over to Islington. I wanted a black handkerchief, I went into this shop, I had not taken any notice of this woman before in my life. This gentleman shewed me coloured handkerchiefs; I told him, I did not want them.
Bryant's Defence. I went in to buy a piece of flannel, I never took any notice of the man.
COHEN 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
BRYANT 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
