





1286. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JUDD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Broadgate
                        




                     
                  , three 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
CHARLES BROADGATE. I work at a stable
. On the 15th of July, I was at the Bull's Head, public-house, in York-street, Westminster


; about ten o'clock at night, I was talking about my servitude, and offered to lay 5s. that I had seen as much service as any man in the place. The prisoner said I was not worth 5s. - I took my three 1l. bank notes out of my pocket, and said, "Will that pay 5s.?" and put them back into my right-hand waistcoat-pocket. I left the company, and went and sat on the other side of the tap-room. I had not sat there above a minute, before the prisoner came over and sat on my left side, then shifted to my right-and said, "Well old man, will you give me a drop of beer;" I said, "I have none to give away." He took up the pot and drank, and then knocked my pipe out of my mouth; as I stooped down to look for it, I found his hand in my pocket - He said he would light me to find my pipe. While he was looking down, the notes fell out of his hand-he picked them up, and went out immediately. I could not stop him; I am sure his hand was in my pocket. I saw no more of him till the 17th of August, when he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I believe I was quite sober.
Q. You was sitting with some women - A.No; nobody was with me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HODGELL
               



            . I am a tailor, and lodge at the Bull's-head, public-house. The prisoner and another man were quarrelling about their servitude, and were going to make a bet of 5s.; the prosecutor pulled out three 1l. bank notes - He got up and sat on the same side as I was. The prisoner followed him, and sat on his left side, then shifted to the right. He struck the prosecutor's pipe out of his mouth with one hand, and put the other into his pocket-and said, "I beg your pardon," and took the light to look for his pipe; he let the notes fall, picked them up again, and immediately left the house.
Cross-examined. I did not assist in looking for the pipe.


                  JOHN 
                  BLISSALL
               



            . I am a cordwainer. I was in the house, the prosecutor and a soldier were talking about who had seen the most service, and were going to lay 5s.; the prosecutor pulled out three 1l. bank notes, put them into his waistcoat-pocket, and moved to another box-the prisoner followed him. The prisoner broke his pipe; and as he stooped to pick it up, I saw the notes in the prisoner's hand. He immediately left the house without saying a word. The prosecutor said he had lost his money.
Cross-examined. I saw the notes in the prisoner's hand. I thought he meant to come back and return them.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not stop and pay my reckoning - A. The reckoning was paid on the delivery of the beer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 17th of August, I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor was very much intoxicated. He said two women robbed him, and was desired not to disturb the company. I went out.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a basket-maker. I was at the Bull's Head with the prisoner; the prosecutor sat in a box,apparently asleep, with two women; I awoke him - He accused the women with robbing him; he left the house. I heard nothing about any wager, no notes were produced, the prisoner sat with me all the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
