






1328. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DUNTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FITT
                  



               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September, one coach, value 50 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas George 
                     Kipps
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Irwin
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE KIPPS
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Irwin
               



            ; we are coachmakers

, and live in Great Marylebone-street. On the 8th of September Dunton came to me by the name of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lloyd
               



            , and inquired if I had a coach to hire? I shewed him one, he objected to the lining, he wished for a blue lining - I showed him one, but he preferred the first, and said he wanted it for five months - I said it would be eight guineas a month; he was to come for it at eight o'clock next morning. I asked him who it was for? he said,
"For Mr. 
               Concannon, M. P.
            , No. 63, York-buildings, New-road." I asked what place he was member for? he said he did not know. I found in the list there was such a member, which satisfied me. He came a little before six o'clock next morning, with a black horse - I asked whose horse it was? he said Mr. Vernon's. I said,
"What, Vernon's, of Bond-street?" he said Yes. He said he had engaged a coach-house in Dorset-mews West for it, because it would be near to the house. He suddenly changed the conversation, and talked about a bitch which was in the shop - I delivered him the coach. Suspicion crossed my mind immediately after; I went to Vernon's, made inquiry, and then went to look for the carriage. I could neither find Mr. Concannon, nor such a number as 63, York-buildings. I went to Dorset-mews, and found the carriage. While I was talking to Hill Fitt came in, Hill pointed him out to me. I asked him if he had not brought a carriage into the mews that morning? he said he had. I asked him where he put it? he opened the coach-house door. I asked him how he obtained it? he said a friend of his met him in the street, and desired him to bring it there and put it into the coach-house. He said he was informed it was for sale, and a man was coming at ten o'clock to buy it. I said he must go with me to find his friend - he hesitated, and said he would find him, and let me know. I said I must go with him, and unless he found him, and satisfied me respecting his own conduct, he would be prosecuted himself - I got an officer. Fitt led us to Chandler's stables in Great York-mews, where we took Dunton. As we were taking him to the watch-house, Fitt went a few steps with us, and said,
"I may go now" - I desired the constable to detain him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You delivered the carriage to Dunton - A. Yes. Fitt was bailed before the Magistrate, and attended the next day.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARR
               



            . On the 8th of September Dunton desired me to call him at five o'clock in the morning, if I was up - Fitt came to the stable about half-past five, and asked for Joseph - I said it was too soon for him, he went out of the yard directly; his horse did not stand in that mews. I never knew him come for Dunton so early before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POOLEY
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Oliver, and live in Dorset-mews - Fitt's horse stood in that yard. On the 8th of September, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, he came down the yard with a coach and black horse, and asked me to let him put the coach into my coach-house for an hour - I said Yes; he took it in, and closed the doors.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it uncommon to lend a fellow-coachman a horse - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . Fitt brought the coach to the mews - he was alone.
FITT'S Defence. Dunton asked me to lend him a horse to get his master's carriage, which he had to sell, and said he was to have three guineas for his trouble. I asked him when he was going to fetch it, he would not tell me. He was gone a long time, I went to look for him, and met him in Oxford-road - he asked me to take it into the yard, and he would fetch it.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a button-maker, and live in Croydon-street, Marylebone - Fitt's wife washed for me. I was at his house on the 8th of September, about six o'clock, when Dunton came and asked for a horse to draw a carriage into the mews, as he had a fresh master; Fitt lent him a horse, and he took it away in my presence.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did he say who his master was - A. Concannon, or Duncannon. Fitt did not go with him. Fitt and I went out together, and had some gin in Paddington-street. I parted with him about six o'clock.
DUNTON - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FITT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
