





1489. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASHBOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 28 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Key
                     




                  , widow, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  KEY
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, and live in Goswell-street


. About nine days ago I lost this lead from a gutter inside the house; it carried the water through the shop to the gutter, in Glasshouse-yard


 - it is fixed. Six feet of it was taken away.


                  JOHN 
                  LONNON
               



            . I rent the cellar in the prosecutrix's house - I am a smith. I lost several tools, and found the lead cut off the pipe; the prisoner used often come to assist me; he came two nights before that, and stood in the corner where the lead was taken from - we agreed to watch him. Next night he came as usual, took a coffee-pot, and said he was going for water; he went to the water-butt, then went to the corner above the shop - it was dark; he went away, saying,
"Good night." We instantly went after him, and secured him in an old iron shop, where he had sold the lead for 9 1/2 d. It was safe when he came, and missed immediately after he went.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am an officer. I was set to watch the place, saw the prisoner go in, and come out again; they said he had got it. I lost him, and went another way to an old iron shop in Bridgewater-gardens, and found him there; he had just received 9 1/2 d. for the lead, which was in the scale - the woman refused to produce it. I found a knife on him, with which he said he cut the lead, and that he did it through distress - the money was in his hand. I told him to give the lead up, but the woman said I should not have it.
Prisoner. I throw myself on your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
