





781. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Lloyd 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , one 20l. bank note; three 2l. bank notes, and three 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
MR. EDWARD 
               
                  LLOYD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On the 15th of March I had a set of chambers in New-square, Lincoln's Inn


, and slept there myself-the prisoner was my clerk
. On the 15th of March I had a 20l. note, and several small notes, amounting to 29l. in a drawer in my desk; I went out of town and left the prisoner in the chambers; I returned on the 17th, and found he was not there. I could not find him at his lodgings. I missed the notes stated in the indictment. I had left the key of the drawer in my desk. He did not return.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lose your key of the chambers before the 15th - A. Yes; the prisoner had a key, and the laundress also. It was one of Bramah's locks.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POYNTINGTON
               



            . I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner on the 22d of April, at No. 20, St. James's-street; I had been in search of him before. As I was taking him to the office, I asked him what induced him to rob his master; he said he could not tell, and that he had spent some of the money, and lost the rest.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer; I took the prisoner in charge. I asked him how he could be so foolish as to take the money; he said he only intended to take care of it, but afterwards he got tipsy, spent part of it, and made away with the rest. I do not know what parish the chambers are in.
GUILTY. Aged 30.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
