





353. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September
, fifty-eight gallons of wine called Port wine, value 46 l. and fifty-eight gallons of other wine, value 46 l. nine gallons of other wine called Madeisa wine, value 10 l. and three gallons of other wine, called sherry wine, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Divie 
                  Robertson
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  IRESON
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. In Durham-street, in the Strand; I keep a chop-house.
Q. You retail wines - A. I retail wines, and wholesale wines. Two of my cellars are in William-street, in the Adelphi.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Robertson's cellar - A. Mr. Robertson has cellars in the same street.
Q. Has Mr. 
               Robertson
             any cellars elsewhere - A. I believe he has in Villier-street, that is about a street or two off.
Q. Did the prisoner, in the month of September last, offer to sell you any wine - A. He did.
Q. What quantity did he propose to sell you - A. A hogshead of Port wine.
Q. Did you agree with him for it - A. He said himself that he had got a hogshead of Port wine to sell by commission; I told him if he would leave a sample, and if I liked it I would buy it of him.
Q. Which was done - A. Which was done; I approved of it, he asked me forty-eight, finally I agreed for forty-six pounds. The hogshead of wine was brought to my cellar door.
Q. And received by you yourself - A. I know I was not there. The cellar is detached from my house, Into my cellar door it was received.
Q. Received by some person - A. I rather think I had a man watching for it at the time, I came and found it in my cellar.
Q. In what sort of a cask was it - A. It was in a claret cask.
Q. What number of gallons were marked on the cask - A. Fifty-eight gallons were marked on the cask by the guagers mark; I had a bill of parcels and a permit. This is the bill of parcels, it was paid by two bills of exchange that he drew upon me; these are the bills.
Q. Do you know his writing - A. I know they are his writing.
Q. From whom did you receive the permit - A. I rather think I received it myself from the prisoner.
Q. Did you see him after the cask came - A. I saw him the same day.
Q. Then he brought you that bill of parcels and that permit - A. Yes.
Q. Did he at that time say any thing to you about returning that cask - A. Not at that time.
Q. At what time was it that he spoke to you about sending it back - A. About a month or three weeks afterwards. He said he wanted a fresh headed hogshead, and if I would let him have that he would give me another in return.
Q. Who took that hogshead away - A. I rather think my boy rolled it to Mr. Robertson's cellar door.
Q. Did Watkinson desire that it might be brought to Mr. Robertson's cellar - A. He did.
Q. Have you been lately at Mr. Robertson's cellar - A. I have this day week, I saw a claret cask there it had the guagers mark. Claret hogsheads are very much alike.
Q. I do not ask you to say positively. Do you believe it to be the same - A. It has every appearance of being the same cask that was in my cellar.
Q. You mentioned just now that the prisoner delivered to you a permit - A. Yes, it was given to the exciseman by myself; I think the man's name was Cross, it was either Cross or Ray; I rather think it was Cross.
Q. The wine was port wine, was it not - A. The wine was port wine.
Q. Had you ever dealings with the wine merchants 
               Platt
             and Clark - A. Never.
Q. You had the sample of this wine - A. I had.
Q. What quality was the wine - A. Very fair.
Q. You bought it at forty-six pounds a hogshead that is a large hogshead - A. No, I do not call it a large hogshead.
Mr. Arabin. Q. You do not know yourself who brought the wine - A. No, I do not.
Q. All you know, you saw it in your cellar and you paid for it - A. I saw it in the cellar and I paid for it.
Q. I understood you to swear that you cannot swear to a cask they are so much alike - A. No, I cannot swear to a cask.
Q. This cask was not applied for until some time after - A. Not until three weeks or a month after.
Q. Mr. Robertson is in a great way as a wine-merchant - A. Yes.
Q. I do not know whether you know that it is frequent in the trade for cellar-men to sell wine by commission - A. I do not know it is customary in the trade, I never bought of a celler-man before. He shewed me a catalogue, and said he bought wines at sales.
Q. I believe you knew that his brother-in-law was a wine-merchant - A. I knew that he was in the wine way, I did not know where he lived, nor where his cellar was.
Q. Do you know whether you received the permit from the prisoner, or somebody else - A. I rather think I received it from the prisoner himself.
Mr. Abbot. Q. You say, sometimes persons in the trade lend wine to another in the trade, is Watkinson in the trade - A. No, he is not.
Q. I understand you to say, that the day the wine came, Watkinson came to you and told you the wine was in the cellar - A. No I did not say that, I said he came to me.
COURT. When he told you that he wanted the cask back again did he tell you where it was to go to - A. He told me that it was to go to Mr. Robertson's cellar.
(The bill of parcel's read in Court)
"
               
                  John 
                  Ireson
               



            , Bought of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Watkinson
               



            ,
Fifty-eight gallons of Port wine - 46 0 0
Three dozen of East-India Madeira - 10 10 0
One dozen of Sherry - 2 10 0
Total 59 0 0
(The bills of exchange read in Court.)
London, September, 16, 1811.
"Two months after date pay to my order fifty-six pounds, value received; directed to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Ireson
               



            .
(Accepted) 
               
                  John 
                  Ireson
               



            ."
Directed to Mr. Ireson.
"Two months after date pay fifty-six pounds.
(Accepted) 
               
                  John 
                  Ireson
               



            ."


                  RALPH 
                  TONGE
               



            . Q. In the month of September last were you in the employ of Mr. Robertson - A. Yes.
Q. Were you employed in the cellar under the prisoner - A. I was, as porter.
Q. Do you remember assisting in taking a hogshead of wine to Mr. Ireson's - A. Very well.
Q. How was it taken - A. It was taken out of Mr. Robertson's cellar in Villier's-street, by the crane.
Q. By whose directions - A. By Watkinson's directions.
Q. What was then done with it - A. Watkinson and I rolled it to Mr. Ireson's.
Q. Was it delivered into Mr. Ireson's cellar - A. I assisted in rolling it to the door, and there I left it.
Q. What kind of a cask was it - A. A claret hogshead.
Q. Was that hogshead afterwards brought back to your cellar - A. I afterwards saw it at the cellar-door in William-street. It was put into the cellar afterwards, I did not see it brought there.
Q. What part of the money had you - A. Mr. Watkinson gave me ten pounds of it.
Q. When did Watkinson leave your master's service - A. I cannot say exactly the day, about January I believe.
Q. You were questioned about some other things and you mentioned this - A. No, I did not.
Q. Then you never made any disclosure to your master until after you were apprehended - A. Not before.
Q. Do you know when that was - A. On a Monday evening, I do not know the day of the month, then I disclosed this transaction.
Q. How long have you lived with Mr. Robertson - A. Eighteen years all but four days.
Q. When you were first spoken to about this business you did not tell this story - A. The story about the hogshead, sir? Afterwards, sir.
Q. How long might you be in prison before you told this story - A. I was not in prison at all.
Q. When were you first spoken to about it - A. On Monday night.
Q. When did you tell this story first - A. With respect to this hogshead, sir? On Tuesday night to the best of my knowledge, I believe so, I will not be sure.
Q. Where was it - A. It was in Bow-street.
Q. You had not been in prison you say - A. I went into prison on Wednesday night, I was sent to Tothill-fields.
Q. Where were you the night before - A. At home.
Q. Were you not locked up on the Tuesday nigh - A. No, nor on the Monday night.
Q. Was it on the Tuesday or the Wednesday - A. On the Wednesday evening, I was taken to Bow-street.
Q. And you told it on the Wednesday evening - A. I believe I did.
Q. Were you imprisoned on the Wednesday night - A. I was, had up to Bow-street, and was sent to Tothill-fields.
Q. When were you taken again to Bow-street - A. On the Friday.
Q. Was that the first time you told the magistrate - A. I believe it was.
COURT. Then you did not tell it on the Wednesday - A. I believe not.
Mr. Arabin. So you believe you did not tell till the Friday - A. I will not be positive, I believe I did.
Q. You were locked up for stealing this yourself - A. No I was not.
Q. Why did not they take you up - A. Mr. Robertson had me in the accompting-house and desired me to make a disclosure, which I did.
Q. You disclosed it a great many days afterwards A. On the Friday, sir.
Mr. Gurney. And I believe after the prisoner was committed you were enlarged and have been at liberty ever since - A. Yes, at liberty ever since.
Q. And have come here now - A. Yes.
MR. DIVIE ROBERTSON. Q. You are a wine-merchant - A. Yes.
Q. How long was the prisoner at the bar your cellarman - A. About nine years.
Q. In the month of September last I believe you were in Wales - A. Yes, I was.
Q. Have you discovered that you have lost a considerable quantity of wine - A. Yes, I have.
Q. You did not discover it till lately - A. No, not untill February, I parted with the prisoner in January.
Q. It was after you had parted that you found out your loss - A. It was.
Q. How did you make the discovery - A. In consequence of information. From the nature of my business, and the immense quantity of stock I had, it was impossible to ascertain it.
Q. You say your stock was so large you could not ascertain sufficiently, after you had your stock taken could you ascertain any deficiency - A. I could not exactly ascertain much.
COURT. Was it by taking of stock, or by the information of your cellarman - A. By the information of my cellarman, who succeeded this man as cellarman, a person of the name of Davis.
Mr. Gurney. Do you remember on what day you first questioned the last witness respecting this - A. Monday, the 1st of March, and he was taken to Bow-street on the Wednesday.
Q. Did he as early as Wednesday communicate the fact of the robbery - A. He did, and I think he did on the Tuesday morning.
Q. And you are sure he did on the Wednesday - A. I am sure he did on the Wednesday.
Q. Until he communicated this circumstance did you know any thing of Mr. Ireson - A. I never heard of him.
Q. Was it then upon his information that you resorted to Mr. Ireson and obtained the information that he has given us - A. It was.
Q. Has the claret hogshead been pointed out to you by Tonge - A. I saw the claret hogshead in my cellar in William street, where it was unusual.
Q. Where should it have been - A. In Villiers-street.
Q. When did it come into your cellar originally - A. In the month of April last; this time twelvemonth.
Q. What did it then contain - A. Claret.
Q. When was that bottled off - A. By the prisoner's cellar-book in the month of July, that book is kept in the prisoner's own hand-writing.
Q. Had you ever authorised the prisoner to sell any wine to Mr. Ireson - A. Never.
Q. In short, did you know at all of this cask of wine going out of your cellar to Mr. Ireson - A. I never knew of it at all.
Q. I need not ask you if your cellarman is a place of a considerable trust - A. It is.
Q. I need not ask you his character, if he had not been honest you would not have kept him in your service - A. I would not.
Q. Can you speak to the cask - A. I know the mark and number and cut guage, and the time it came into my possession; the shipper puts that mark, I can speak to the marks and the cut guage.
COURT. Had you observed them before July last - A. I bought them upon the Quays myself, I bought ninety-nine hogsheads of Claret at one time.
Mr. Andrews. Upon each of which, I take it were the guagers mark - A. Yes.
Q. Then it is not singular to find the guager's mark - A. Some guagers do not mark, the cellar-book will show the mark of this cask most likely.
Q. When was this hogshead purchased - A. I think in the month of April in last year.
Q. Probably at the time of their coming into your cellar, was in July. Pray, sir, is fifty-eight gallons a small or a large hogshead - A. They are from fifty-five to sixty, very few of them sixty; sixty, we call them a large size.
Q. Did the prisoner leave your service of his own account, or did you send him about his own business - A. It was then each mutually agreed.
Q. Did you soon afterwards take any account of your stock, with a view to discover any loss - A. Not with a view to discover any loss, because I had a good opinion of him.
Q. Did you find you stock upon that taking correct - A. That I could not tell, the management of my stock was necessarily under the care of my cellar-man.
Q. I am asking you now if you took it for any purpose, did you examine your stock before he left you - A. He rendered me an account of the wine.
Q. Did you cause any examination to see whether the stock of wine that he rendered was accurate or not - A. No, I took it as such.
Q. Who succeeded the prisoner as your cellar-man - A. Barnaby Davis.
Q. I understood you to say that your stock is so large that it is impossible you could have missed any part of your stock - A. I trusted to my cellar-man.
Q. The other man, Tonge, was eighteen years in your service, and it was not till he was pressed very hard that he told any thing - A. He was not pressed very hard, I was led to suppose that my porters had wine in their possession, I applied at Bow-street office, Mr. Stafford sent Taunton to me, we searched our porters, I found some wine in Tonge's possession upon searching his apartment.
Q. Had master Tonge fled at that time - A. He was at home.
Q. I take it for granted you took him in into custody - A. I did not, I took him into my accompting-house, and told him his salvation depended upon his telling me what he had taken, and the prisoner.
Q. There are many considerable wine-merchants in this town, is it not the custom of some of them to permit their cellar-men to trade themselves - A. I have been twenty-five years in the trade and I never knew of it.

 Q. Perhaps if great ones do not, little ones may - A. I do not know, I should be very sorry to allow it in my house.
Mr. Gurney. When Tonge made this charge, how long were you before you took the prisoner into custody - A. From the Monday to the Friday.
Q. I believe you took up his brother-in-law - A. I did.
Q. And then on the Friday the prisoner came and surrendered - A. He did.
COURT. Tonge communicated to you on the Tuesday - A. He mentioned it on the Monday night when detected, and mentioned it on Tuesday morning: he mentioned it on the Monday night that I found the wine in his room.
Q. And mentioned Mr. Ireson's name, did he - A. Ireson's, and many others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROSS
               



            . Q. I believe you are an excise officer - A. Yes.
Q. In the month of September last was the prisoner Watkinson a licenced dealer in wine - A. Not in our division he was not.
COURT. Was Villier-street in your division? You surveyed the cellar did not you - A. Yes.
Q. Is it usual to have port wine in a claret cask - A. I have seen it before.
Q. Is it usual to buy a hogshead of port wine in a claret cask - A. I do not know that it is usual, I have seen it, it is not a common thing.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLARK
               



            . Q. I believe you are a wine-merchant - A. Yes, in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Platt
               



            .
Q. Is William Platt related to the prisoner - A. His brother.
Q. Here is a permit out of your stock, did you sell Mr. Ireson any wine - A. I never sold him any wine, I did not know of the permit, however the permit was got, I never sold Mr. Ireson any wine, I did not know him.
COURT. And to your knowledge there was none sold from your house. - A. I am certain of it.
Mr. Arabin. Q. Is it not the custom and habit of wine-merchants to accommodate one another with permits - A. I have heard it is.
Q. Do you know of the prisoner at the bar purchasing of wine on his own account and selling it - A. I do not know.
Q. You cannot say whether he purchased any at sales - A. I saw him once at a sale, whether he bought any I do not know of my own knowledge.
COURT. Q. You say it is common for one house to accommodate another house with a permit - A. I do not know it, I have heard it is.
Mr. Gurney. Q. What is the value of this hogshead of wine - A. Forty six pounds would be a low price, one hundred and thirty eight pounds the pipe.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask the prosecutor a question. Had not the prosecutor bought wine at a lower rate previous to my selling that - A.(Prosecutor) Forty six pounds was a low price for this wine I had before this time bought wine at a lower price, but at this time the price of wine was raised.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.
COURT. Q. to Tonge Do you know of your own knowledge how that hogshead was filled - A. I do not, I did not see it filled.
Prisoner. Q. to Tonge. Was not every empty cask sent out of Mr. Robertson's cellar before I left his service - A. I believe they were in Villier-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDE
               



            . - Mr. Arabin. Q. Where do you live - A. In Martins-lane, Cannon-street, I am a wine-broker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar - A. By sight.
Q. Have you ever purchased wine for him - A. Never.
Q. Have you sold wine to him - A. I was once present at a sale, where he purchased wine, in June 1809, he bought six dozen of wine there, port wine, he gave Webb as his own name.
Mr. Gurney. These were in bottles - A. Yes.
The prisoner called eight witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
