





703. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, one tin can, value 2 s.; two gallons of oil, value 6 s.; 4 lbs. of rape seed, value 10 d., and one sack, value 18 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Lockyer 
                     Curtoys
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Matthew
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HICKLEY
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lockyer Curtoys
               



             and 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Matthew
               



            , who are millers

, and live at Tottenham


; the prisoner was in their service as a grinder
. On Saturday night, the 4th of April, he was discharged. I heard he was in custody, and weighed two sacks of rape seed, which he had access to, and found each sack 4 lbs. short of what they weighed on the 2 d - 4 lbs. were found on the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  EYLES
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. On the 4th of April, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner in Kingsland-road, about two miles from the prosecutors', when I approached him, he turned up a yard to avoid me; he had a can slung across his shoulder, and a sack before him to balance it. I asked him what he had got; he said some oil, and that he had been working on board an oil barge, and brought it from there; I took him to the watch-house, and found that he had been discharged from the prosecutors' the night before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLBROOK
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. I was with Eyles; he has spoken correctly, The prisoner was searched, and about two quarts of rape seed was found in his pocket.,


                  JOHN 
                  GARVA
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; I searched him and found the seed in his pocket; I found another small can in his waistcoat pocket full of oil, and made to fit the pocket.
(Sack sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 58.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
