






328. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     BETTSWORTH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MEARS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Harrison
                        



                     
                  , spinster

, on the 3rd of April
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, a silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Story
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STORY
               



            . I belong to the East India warehouse
. On the 3rd of April last, I was at the Shepherd and Dog, East Smithfield; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Harrison
               



             was with me; this was about half past nine in the evening She asked me to lend her a shilling; I told her I would go and fetch her one; she doubted my word of coming back again. I told her if she doubted my word I would leave her my watch until I returned; it was a silver watch. Then I went home.
Q. Look at the prisoners; did you see either of them at the Shepherd and Dog - A. Yes, they were there; they were drinking at another table. When I returned, the young woman was gone with the watch. I did not see her again for an hour; then she was crying, and said the men had robbed her of the watch.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HARRISON
               



            . I was at the Shepherd and Dog with Mr. Story. When he went home he left me his watch. The two prisoners were both in the home; they saw Mr. Story give the watch into my hand. I came out to the top of the steps; the prisoners both followed me out. Mears whispered, she has got a watch in her hand; I heard him distinctly say, she has got a watch in her hand. I had the ribbon twisted round my finger, and the watch in my hand. I had my hand shut upon the watch; I don't think it could be seen. I believe this was about half past nine at night. After that was whispered, Mears came up and said, I had a turnip in my hand; I asked what was that to him what I had in my hand. Bettsworth asked me what o'clock it was; I answered, I did not think the watch went. He laid hold of my hand, opened it, and took the watch away from me; this was done in an instant. I made no resistance. When he had taken the watch from me, he ran away as fast as he could; I bursted out crying, and told Mears I had lost the watch; he was close by when Bettsworth opened my hand, and took the watch away from me. When I told Mears that I had lost the watch, he told me not to cry and fret, he would endeavour to find him for me. He took me down Rosemary-lane, up into Whitechapel. I told him if he could give me any information who or what he was I would not mind giving him ten shillings to have the watch restored. He kneeled down in the street, and said, God might strike him blind if he had seen the man before; he seemed to endeavour to find him out by taking me up and down the streets, but he could see nothing of him. I went to the watchhouse afterwards, and gave a description of the two men. The officer of the night went and took the two prisoners in bed together.


                  JAMES 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 3rd of April, I saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Harrison
               



             at the watchhouse; she gave information of the robbery. She gave a description of the two persons that had robbed her. We went to their lodgings; they were both in bed together. We found out their lodging by the enquiry that we made Hutchins and Kalep were with me. We searched the prisoners; in their lodgings we found only a little silver. They both strongly denied any knowledge of the watch. Mears declared he knew nothing of it; he was present when Bettsworth ran away with it; he did not know where the watch was. Bettsworth heard it; he said he knew nothing of it. Mears said, he would be his part towards making it up, and begged Bettsworth to tell where it was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTHINS
               



            . I went to the prisoner's lodgings. It is true what Lumley has said.



                  ADAM 
                  KALEP
               



            . I have heard the account given by Lumley; it is correct.
Bettsworth's Defence. I am innocent of the charge; the woman I never saw before in all my life.
Mears's Defence. I knew nothing at all of it.
BETTSWORTH, GUILTY, aged 17,
MEARS, GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing from the person, but not of the highway robbery
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
