





1168. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, one gown, value 2 s.; one ring, value 6 s., and one shift, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Henry 
                           Clegg
                        



                     
                  ; and one handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Thomas
                  



               
            .

MR.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY CLEGG
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in New-street, Bishopsgate-street


. On the 11th of September, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my service - I had her from the Refuge for the Destitute
. Next evening, between ten and eleven o'clock, she brought up the supper; I told her to bolt the door, and go to bed with her fellow-servant. I and my wife went to bed about twelve, got up at eight, and found she had absconded. On Thursday morning she was brought to my house, and I gave her in charge. The articles stated in the indictment were missing.


                  MARIA 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's nursery-maid. About half-past seven o'clock on Monday morning I missed the prisoner, she slept with me; she did not return, but was brought back. I missed a handkerchief out of a closet in my bed-room - the other things were also missed.


                  DANIEL 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Briggs, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in St. John-street. On the 13th of September a ring was pledged with me, by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Garner
               



            . I do not know her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I was constable of the night of Bishopsgate. On Thursday night the prosecutor sent for me, and gave the prisoner into my charge. She directed me to Chick-lane, where she said she lodged, and I there found, by her direction, a gown and shift, tied up in a handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
