





1456. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SARGENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, two gowns, value 6 s.; two frocks, value 2 s.; one shirt, value 7 s.; three cravats. value 2 s., and two sheets, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Flattery
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FLATTERY
               



            . I am a servant
, and live in Bull Inn-court, Strand


. On the 15th of October, my wife and I went out, and left the key with the prisoner who lodged in the house; we intended to sleep that night at my master's, at Whitechapel, which he knew; my master was not at home, so we returned at half-past nine o'clock that night, went up stairs, and saw a light in the bed room, but the door was locked.


                  MARGARET 
                  FLATTERY
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I returned with my husband, found the sheets taken off the bed, two boxes broken open, and these things stolen - we kept it silent for about an hour, the prisoner then came, unlocked the door, and went into the room. He was secured coming out of my bed room door, and the constable found the duplicates of my property on him. A young man brought him to lodge with me as a stranger, instead of which he was his uncle.


                  WALTER 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I am a porter. I was with the prosecutor, and found the boxes broken open. I concealed myself in the front room, and about half-past ten o'clock, the prisoner and another man came in - a noise was made; the prisoner ran out, and I secured him at the door. He said he was sorry for it, and would give every thing up.


                  ARTHUR 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wise, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Long-lane. I have two sheets, a frock, and a bed-gown, pledged with me on the 16th of October, by a woman. I gave her the duplicates now produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and I found the duplicates on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
