





129. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, a tub, value 4 s. and eighty-eight pound weight of butter, value 6 l
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Aylwin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Aylwin
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AYLWIN
               



            . I am a wholesale dealer in butter

, my partners name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Aylwin
               



            , I live in Little Carter Lane, Doctor's Commons


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer, I took the prisoner in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRISBERRY
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Aylwin. On the 5th of December, a little before six in the evening I was desired to pursue a man that had taken a tub of batter out of Mr. Aylwin's cart. The cart was standing at the warehouse door, I went down Friday Street, I met the prisoner with the tub on his shoulder, I told him he had got my master's property, I took hold of the prisoner with the tub fell off his shoulder, I scuffled with him and throwed him down on his back on the stones, he then begged in God's name I would let him go, I told him no. With assistance I took him to my master's warehouse. This is the tub, I am sure it is my master's property,


                  JOHN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. Aylwin. I loaded sixteen of these tubs at Downes and Holly's wharf, East Smithfield, on Thursday night, December the 5th, and coming down the Old Change a little before six the cart was all safe; and on crossing Watling Street to my master's warehouse, the rope which I tied the cart in with was cut, the tub was missing from the cart When I stopped at the warehouse door I rang the bell, and there I had assistance to seek for the tub of butter. The porter went in pursuit of the prisoner. I am certain that is the tub.
Q. Then between Watling Street and your master's warehouse it was taken away, was it. - A. Yes.
Prosecutor. It is mine, the butter is worth six pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the Old Change, I met a man with this tub on a post, he asked me to carry the tub, and he would give me a shilling; when I was taken he ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
