






768. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MACDONALD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, one coat, value 1l.; one waistcoat, value 10s.; one shirt, value 6s.; one shawl, value 4s.; and one pair of shoes, value 4s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Huggins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HUGGINS. I am a painter
, and live in Noble-street, Goswell-street. On the 8th of April, I had the articles stated in the indictment in a bundle, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and went into the Angel-public-house, at the corner of Gee-street


, and had some beer. While I was drinking, there were six men in the opposite box to me-no person was in my box. I put my bundle down close by me. The prisoner, Thompson,(who was in the other box), came and reached over my table, and I found he had got my bundle. He threw it over to the others-they threw it under the tap-room table. I got up, and charged the prisoner with stealing my bundle. He said he had not got it. I told him it was among them. I saw it under the table, between their legs, and endeavoured to get it, but they all kicked my fingers and prevented me; I put my back to the door, to prevent them from going out. I called the landlord, and asked him to get an officer; he said he would not, and that he knew them very well-that it was only a lark, and that I should have it if I would be quiet. I sat down, and asked them to give it to me - They all rushed out, and left me alone-my bundle was also gone. Payne, the landlord, said, if I would call the next morning, I should see them again. I told him I would - I did so. The prisoner, Thompson, came into the house while I was there. I charged him with taking the property. He said, if I would wait an hour, he would bring it to me. He went out - I waited an hour - He came back and said the man was not there, but he would go again. The next evening, I got an officer, and went to the house, and found Thompson there. He ran out as soon as he saw me, and ran down Sutton-street - He was secured and brought back. The prisoner, Macdonald, came to me the next morning, and asked me to make it up - I told him I would not. He said, the things were sold for 2l., in Golden-lane, aed that they threatened to murder him if he divulged any thing.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I keep the Angel public-house. The prosecutor came into my house, and called for some beer-there were twelve or thirteen persons in the room-there was a great noise - I went to see what was the matter. He said, some person had taken his bundle, but he could not say who it was. The prisoners were in the room - I did not know their names then - I do not knowany more of them. He said, he could not tell who it was, but he suspected it was taken under or over the table. I said, if they did not give it up, I would send for an officer. There were four or five men at his table, he had been drinking with them. They declared they had not seen it, and that he had been offering to sell them bad money. I went out and got a light, to see if there was any bundle-it was about half past nine or ten o'clock - I could not find it.
Court. Q. Was there not a light in your room at that time - A. There was a gas-light.
Q. Do you mean to say that by the gas-light you could not see whether there was a bundle under the table - A. It was under the seat - I did not like to disturb them.
Q. Could you not desire them to move - A. They refused. I went away, and they ran out directly. I was gone for an officer, and when I returned they were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  SHREWSBURY
               



            . I am an headborough. I apprehended Thompson at the Angel, public-house. He said he had heard something about the bundle, and he thought he could inform me who took it. When I took him to the office, Macdonald was in the court, and I took him.
MACDONALD'S Defence. I was intoxicated.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGGINS
               



             re-examined. None of them charged me with offering them bad money. Payne did not assist in looking for the bundle. I was quite sober. Payne told me, if I had not subpoened him, he would not have appeared. They were worth 1l. 16s.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
MACDONALD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
