





382. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Day
                        




                     
                   the elder
, about nine o'clock in the forenoon of the 14th of January
 (he, and others of his family being therein), and stealing therein one salt-holder, value 1l.; one silver fork, value 15s.; and one silver spoon, value 5s.
            , his property.
MR. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  DAY
               



            , JUN. I am the son of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Day
               



            , who lives at Brompton


. On the 14th of January, about nine o'clock in the morning, Ann Budd gave me information - I fetched a constable, who took the prisoner into custody.
ANN BUDD. I am servant to Mr. Day. On the 14th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning, I heard the street - door open, ran up, and saw the prisoner coming out at the parlour door - I had seen the street - door fast about five minutes before; I did not hear the door open. I pushed the prisoner back into the parlour, and called for assistance, Buckley came down. Mr. Lee was passing, and took the prisoner, as we could not get a constable.


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I was passing, and was told a thief was in the house, and that they could not procure a constable. I took him into custody, and was informed that he had an accomplice outside; the prisoner pointed out the accomplice - I took him, and then the prisoner. Mr. Day charged him with entering the house, and moving part of the plate. The articles stated in the indictment laid at one corner of the table; the salt had been emptied out of the cellar on the floor-the things were in great disorder. I found nothing on the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  BUDD
               



             re-examined. I had been in the parlour before. The plate then laid in the usual order-there was no salt on the floor.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUCKLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Day. I laid the cloth about nine o'clock for breakfast, put the knives, forks, and salt-cellar as usual, and went up stairs. I heard Budd call, came down, opened the parlour door, and found the prisoner standing by the sideboard-the articles stated in the indictment laid at the corner of the table, and the salt on the carpet. The prisoner said he found the street - door open, and came in to inform us of it. The door opens on the latch.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . The prisoner was given into my charge. I told him his partner had made a very lucky escape - He said he had. I said he had been successful in getting rid of the key, as it was not found on him, and that it was a bad job for him - He said it was, but he did not care if he got off with six months' imprisonment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went in to tell them the door was open.
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s., but not of breaking and and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
