





349. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
, an handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of a certain person to the jurors unknown.
SAMUEL LACK. I am one of the patrols of Bow-street. On the 12th of February about twelve o'clock I saw the prisoner in company with a man of the name of Hart that was tried to-day. I watched him night after night from the 5th to the 10th. I saw him attempt to pick a number of gentlemen's pockets, but never saw him pick one till the 12th. A little after eleven o'clock, I saw him go down the street, along with an old gentleman, conversing about the play. I was watching him, suspecting what he was about; the gentleman crossed over at the end of Bow-street; he returned, and came towards the office door. I asked him if there was any thing the matter; he said he had his pocket picked, and lost his handkerchief.
Q. How long was that after the time you had seen the prisoner in his company - A. Not more than six or seven minutes. I told him if he would attend the next morning, probably I would be able to find out the man that had committed the robbery upon him. I had some suspicion that they knew me; I put my great coat on, and tied my handkerchief round my hat, to make myself look like a coachman; and just as the playhouse was over I followed the prisoner. I am quite sure of his person.
Q. At this time how long had he been about the playhouse - A. From a quarter after ten. I saw him pick a gentleman's pocket, and walk away; I followed the gentleman and asked him to return, I wanted his address; he said he had got some ladies with him, he could not return; I said, sir, will you be so good as to see if your pocket has been picked; the gentlemen felt in his pocket and said he had lost his pocket handkerchief; I went round the play-house and came into Bow-street again; I found the prisoner in custody of a gentleman, he said he had picked his pocket; I took him in custody; I found three handkerchiefs in his hat.

Q. 
            Had he a handkerchief for his own use besides the three in his hat - A. I did not see any. He began to abuse me a little, and said they were all his own. I took him to the office. There are twenty-four pawnbrokers duplicates I found in his pocket book; they are duplicates of handkerchiefs, watches, and broaches, and different articles; the amount of money advanced upon them is between six and seven pounds. These are the three handkerchiefs I found in his hat; this is the handkerchief that the gentleman charged him with, by the description he gave; it is a yellow handkerchief, it is worth one shilling and sixpence.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was returning from the theatre the gentleman charged me with picking his pocket; I was in a hurry to go home, I had as far as Bethnal-green to go; the gentleman said, you have got my handkerchief; I said, I have not got your handkerchief, the officer collared me and searched me, and took from me that pocket book and the handkerchiefs; I told him it was all my own. The gentleman never came to identify his handkerchief. In respect to Mr. Hart, I do know the person, I never saw him before to myknowledge. And the reason I put the handkerchiefs in my hat I had no pockets.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
