





1488. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NAIL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, one watch, value 2 l.; one seal, value 10 s., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Nicholls
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . On Saturday night, the 16th of October, I was at the Key, public-house, Bell-street, Marylebone


, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. In about an hour I fell asleep, and when I awoke I missed my watch - I was very sober. The prisoner was in the house all the evening; he was not in my company.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROCKETT
               



            . I was at the Key, public-house, having a pot of beer, a few minutes after ten o'clock, and sat in the box with the prosecutor; a man named Windred sat on the right, between him and me - the prisoner and one Barrett, sat on the opposite side with another man; I saw them whispering together, and pointing over to Nicholls. Nail jumped over the settle, and sat down by the side of the prosecutor, who was asleep. He first shook his waistcoat-pocket, then forced his hand into his breeches-pocket, drew something out, and put it into his breast; Windred laid himself along the settle to prevent my seeing - Nail went over to his companions again, and they ran out of the house. I sat there about ten minutes, then the prosecutor awoke and missed his watch; I was afraid to speak then, so I went outside of the house, and told the company that I saw the prisoner do it - I did not see what he took. The officer was sent for.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . The prosecutor came to me about ten o'clock that night, and said he had been robbed of his watch. I went with him, and called the prisoner and Barrett out of the house; the prosecutor said a man had seen him do it, but he was not there - I then let him go. I stopped and had a glass of beer while the prosecutor went and fetched Crockett, who said he saw the prisoner draw something from the prosecutor's breeches, and put it into his bosom. I took him into custody, but found nothing on him. I did not search Barrett.
Prisoner's Defence. He offered to make it up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINDRED
               



            . I was at the Key, public-house, and sat in the box with Nicholls.
Q. You sat between him and Crockett - A. I sat within one or two of Nicholls, and never saw Nail in the box all the while I was there, which was half an hour.
Q. Did you not endeavour to cover him - A. No, nobody moved while I was there - the prisoner did not move.
Q. What time did you go there - A. At half-past seven o'clock, and staid an hour and a half - Nicholls went away while I was there. He was asleep until he missed his property.
Q. Somebody must have been near enough to take it - A. I took no notice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
