





852. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Esther 
                        Doyle
                     



                  , about four in the afternoon of the 2d of May
 (the said 
                     
                        Esther 
                        Doyle
                     



                   and other persons being therein), and stealing one pelisse, value 1l.; one coat, value 1l.; one pair of breeches, value 10s.; one bonnet, value 8s; five gowns, value 3l.; one spencer, value 4s.; three handkerchiefs, value 9s.; four china images, value 6d; one scarf, value 2l.; one pair of sheets, value 16s.; and one table-cloth, value 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Garratt
                  



               
            .



                  JAMES 
                  GARRATT
               



            . I live in Shire-court


 with Mrs. Doyle. On the 2d of May, when I came home, I found my drawers rifled of the property, which all laid on the floor, wrapped up in the pelisse; they are worth 12l.
ESTHER GARRATT. I am the wife of the last witness. I went out, and padlocked the room-door, leaving all the things safe in the drawers. When I returned, I found the door forced open and the things on the floor-the padlock was drawn from the place.
EDWARD RILEY. I lodge in the house. I was going up stairs at four o'clock, and observed Garratt's door open, and the prisoner coming out. I asked her what she was doing there? she said she had been to see Mrs. Garratt. I looked in and found Mrs. Garratt was not there, and the things laying on the floor. The prisoner ran up stairs - I secured her. She was searched, and a false key found on her.


                  ESTHER 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I rent the house. The prisoner was brought down to me - I had only just come home; I might not have been at home when the door was forced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner in charge. She said she had been drinking with a man who had enticed her to do it. She said she did it entirely by herself.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the room; the constable has spoken false.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
