





1223. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, 370 yards of silk serge, value 75l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hayward
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I live in Lawrence-lane, Cheapside. On the 23d of July, some goods were consigned to me from my uncle at Whitchurch, in Hampshire - They never came to hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Fagg, the proprietor of the Bell and Crown Inn, Holborn. On the 23d of July, I had a truss of goods in my cart, directed to Mr. Hayward, of Lawrence-lane, which came by the Salisbury coach. I stopped at Old-street turnpike, and left the cart to deliver a parcel; when I returned I missed the truss - A person passed by, in consequence of what he said, I saw a mob running, and followed them, and found the prisoner in charge.
JOHN BURDETT. I am a shoemaker. Dr. Smith sent me after the man which I saw with the truss by the turnpike. Dr. Smith called out Stop thief! the maR dropped it. I took it into a shop at the corner of Dengo-street; the prisoner was brought back. I am certain he is the man who dropped it.


                  JOHN 
                  BILLING
               



            . I saw the prisoner across the road with the parcel.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 23d of July. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running towards me. I collared him, and told him he had robbed a cart; he said he was employed to carry the bundle.
WILLIAM BINGHAM. I am servant to Mr. Hayward, silk-manufacturer, at Whitchurch. On the 23d of July, we sent the silk to Mr. Thomas Hayward.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to carry it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
