





276. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GOODCHILD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, five pewter pint pots, value 4 s. and one pewter quart pot, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Poundfoot
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  POUNDFOOT
               



            . I keep the sign of the Berkley Arms, Berkley-square




. On the 1st of February, the prisoner and another man came in and had something to drink; he was observed by the boy to go into the yard, and afterwards the boy went into the yard, and missed the pots. There were five pint pots and one quart found upon the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEW
               



            . I am the pot-boy. I was in the tap-room; the other man asked the way into the yard. The prisoner went out into the yard. I went in the yard, and missed the pots. The prisoner, after he had taken the pots, he went up to the bar to pay for what he had had. I ran and knocked my elbow against him; I felt the pots.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I was sitting in Mr. Poundfoot's tap-room on the 1st. The prisoner and another man came in together, and they went out together. Mr. Poundfoot hallooed out, stop thief. I went out, and brought the prisoner back again; he had one pot in his pocket, three in his breeches, and one in his jacket pocket. These are the pots.
Prosecutor. They are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into this public-house with a man, and had part of a pint of porter with him. He persuaded me to go down the yard and take some pewter pots, which I denied. He took five pint pots and one quart pot; he told me to put them in my pockets; he gave me eighteen pence, and when the boy missed the pots he ran away. I humbly beg your lordship to shew as much mercy as you think proper.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
