





660. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Favell
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight at night, on the 20th of January
, and stealing therein, thirty pair of stays, value 30 l. forty-eight yards of nankeen, value 2 l. three yards of jean, value 7 s. fourteen yards of cotton, value 7 s. and one yard and a half of linen, value 2 s.
             his property.


                  MICHAEL 
                  FAVELL
               



            . I am a staymaker
.
Q. You have a house in High Street, Borough, have you also a house in Cranbourn Passage, Leceister Square


. - A. I have.
Q. Do you sleep there. - A. No, Elizabeth Donnovan sleeps there continually as a servant.
Q. On Sunday the 20th of January last were you at the house in Cranbourne Passage. - A. I was about eleven o'clock, in the forenoon, I left the house after twelve o'clock, the shop woman went out with me, I left it fast.
Mr. Alley. Your dwelling-house is in Southwark. - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DONNOVAN
               



            . I am shop woman to Mr. Favell.
Q. Do you remember going out on this Sunday. - A. Yes, between twelve and one on the 20th of January, I returned a quarter before nine at night, I saw a woman paying great attention to me, looking at me, I went home immediately, I left the door double locked, I found it single locked; on going in and getting a light I discovered some persons had been in, I missed some twills that laid behind the counter, and about thirty or forty pair of stays, I had seen them in the morning before I left the house; and in about two months or six weeks I saw part of this property again.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 24th of January I went to the prisoners lodgings, he kept a pastry cook's shop in Princes Street, Leicester fields, I found thirty pair of stays tied up in this tablecloth in the prisoner's window, the prisoner was at home; I also found in the same bundle some twilled jean to the amount of forty-eight yards, and other remnants ofcotton packed up in this paper, I asked him how he came by these stays, he told me that a poor distressed friend of his that was in an insolvent state, and had become a bankrupt, had left them there for protection, I told him I was not satisfied with that, I should take them to the office. At this time we had no information of Mr. Favell's robbery, Lavendar who was with me agreed to take the stays, and to keep them till the Saturday for him to bring the insolvent friend before the magistrate, which he agreed to. On the next morning the Friday, Mr. Favell gave information, we went to Thomas's house, but we could not find him until the 21st of August, I apprehended him at a public-house in Westminster, I had been frequently at his house, but could not find him before.
Q. On the Saturday, in January, were you at the office. - A. Yes, and the prisoner and his friend did not come, I took thirty pair of stays, and, by the order of the magistrate, delivered to the prosecutor twenty-four pair of stays and kept six.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, and called eight witnesses who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 38.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
