





25. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     ASHWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 100 lbs. of onion seed, value 20 l.; one coat, value 3 l., and three sacks, value 9 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Moore
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Moore
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a gardener
, in partnership with 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Moore
               



            ; we live at Sandy, in Bedfordshire


. On Sunday, the 16th of November, our shop was broken into, and robbed of about 100 lbs. of onion-seed, a box coat, three sacks, and other things. I thought it would be offered for sale in London, and wrote to four seedsmen to inform them, and described it. Last Wednesday I received a letter from Mr. Child, and came to town on the Thursday night.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHILD
               



            . I live in Lower Thames-street. I received a letter from the prosecutor, describing the seed, and begging me to stop it if offered for sale. On Monday week last, the prisoner brought a small sample of onion-seed, and from the description Mr. Moore had given me of the sample, I considered it to be his. I told the prisoner to bring the bulk, and I would take it - he brought it. I told him I did not much like it, and should not pay him for it until he came to town again. He said he came from Sandy, in Bedfordshire - that he should be in town on the Thursday following, and he would call for the money. He brought me thirty-eight pounds; but previous to this he wanted to take it away or have his money. When he found I would not do that he consented to leave it. He left, and I desired my clerk to write to Mr. Moore, and request him to be in town on Thursday. On Thurday Mr. Moore came, and left an officer at our house. Between one and two o'clock the prisoner called for the money - Mr. Moore was waiting in the neighbourhood - the officer went to inform him he was come; he came, and saw the prisoner in our counting-house; he said he knew him, and he was the man he suspected to have committed the robbery. I questioned him about the seed before I sent for the prosecutor - he told me he grew the seed, and that his name was 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Brown
               



            .
MR. MOORE. When I came to Mr. Child they showed me the seed, I knew it to be mine. I got a constable, and waited till the prisoner came, then went to the shop, and found him in the counting-house. He is a native of Sandy, I know him well - his name is 
               
                  Moses 
                  Ashwell
               



            ; he is of no business. I asked him how he came by the seed? he said it was no business of mine. I ordered the constable to take him. I have found neither the coat nor sacks. I knew the seed perfectly well - it was put to dry under a tile building - some mortar broke off and went on it; it has still the white mortar among it - it is not fit for sale. On my oath, I have not the least doubt of its being mine. It is worth 4 s. a pound. I also know the bag.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUXTON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it at Newgate-market.



               GUILTY
             Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
