






100. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November

, four pieces of timber, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hinde
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GOULD
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same timber, he knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WYNNE
               



            . I am a waterman, in the employ of Mr. Hinde; he is a timber-rafter
. On Monday, the 9th of November, I rafted the timber from the ship named the Wilson



, the Wilson was laying at Limehouse hole, on the Middlesex side of the River



, and on Monday the 7th of November, a little before five o'clock, I left it all safe afloat at the stern of that ship, just before dark. The next morning about eight o'clock I went to my work; I looked over the raft of timber; I found four pieces had been taken out of the stern of that raft; I examined to see how they were gone; they were cut. I am sure the rope had been cut.
Q. How soon did you see those four pieces again - A. It might be two or three days afterwards, I saw it on Tuesday at the Thames Police office on a timber carriage. I had marked them myself before I lost them; I put W N the first and last letter of the ships name, and J. H. for Mr. Hinde. These marks were on them at the Thames Police. I am perfectly sure they were the four pieces of timber that I lost, there is no doubt of it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BAYLISS
               



            . I am a waterman's apprentice. Parker is the same; I have known Parkerabout six years. On Monday, the 7th of November, he came to me at Limehouse-hole, he said he knew a person that wanted a piece or two of timber; he told me to meet him at the Lord Hood at five o'clock in the evening, near the Commercial-road; I do not know the name of the street. I met him there at the Lord Hood public-house; we had a pint of porter and a glass of rum and water; we staid there about half an hour, he and I then walked down to Limehouse-hole, when we arrived at Limehouse-hole, it was dark, it was past six o'clock; at Limehouse my own boat was a ground. Parker told me to get a boat, and row up to the shore, and to take him in; I took 
               
                  William 
                  Epthorp
               



            'e boat and took him in; we then went down in that boat to the timber to Mr. Hinde's timber, at the stern of the tier.
Q. Did you know Mr. Hinde's timber - A. Yes, I knew the rafter; I served my time in the timber trade, and 
               Parker
             the same. When we got to the timber, Parker got on the timber, and cut out four pieces; he cut the head rope with his knife; the four pieces were turned a drift; the tide was then running up; we rowed a little bit, and came up to them; we took them in towards Stone-stairs, that joins Mr. Rayner's wharf; Stone-stairs is in Shadwell, in the parish of Ratcliffe; the tide was not high enough; we made the timber fast to the boats that were put there.
Q. Did Parker say any thing how it was to be fetched away - A. It was to be put on Mr. Rayner's wharf as soon as the tide would permit; Rayner's wharf is under the crane. We then rowed home to Limehouse-stairs; in my way I put him on shore at Kidney-stairs, I made Epthorp's boat fast to where I took it from, that was about seven o'clock.
Q. Before you parted, had you settled where to meet again - A. We then met at a new public-house in Solomon's-lane; William Hall was there, Parker and me, Parker was there when I got there; Parker said with me until ten o'clock; we then went to put the timber under the crane at Stone stairs; we took the boat of the man that had to watch there, he was on duty; the man that had to watch, called out halloo, who has taken the boat; Parker said, we will bring her back in a minute or two; I got on the timber, and made the timber fast to the boat; Parker shoved back to the wharf, and took me in again.
Q. How many yards is Stone stairs to the wharf - A. Stone stairs joins the wharf. The man of the watch asked him what he had been looking after; he said the skiff, and he supposed the boy had taken it home. We then went to the Davids Harp at Limehouse-bridge; we stopped there until about half after eleven.
Q. Do you know two men of the name of Monet and Sharpe - A. Yes; they were there at the time; we left the house at half after eleven, and went home. Parker said he knew a man that would buy any timber his name was Gould, he supposed ten pounds might be got for the timber. I was taken into custody on Wednesday morning, until I was taken into custody I told nobody of this business; I was taken before the magistrate, and admitted an evidence; I came here from Cold Bath Fields as a witness.


                  SARAH 
                  CORDELL
               



            . My brother keeps the Lord Hood public-house, Brook-street, Limehouse.
Q. On the afternoon of Monday the 7th of November, do you remember seeing the prisoner Parker there - A. Yes; he came in about five o'clock, he came in about a quarter of an hour before Bayliss; they joined company together; they drank together the pint of porter, and after they had sixpennyworth of rum and water; they left my house together, and paid me at the bar.


                  JOHNSON 
                  HEWS
               



            . I am a shipwright.
Q. On the evening of Monday the 7th of December were you at a public-house in Solomon's-lane - A. I was, about a quarter past eight; when I was there I saw the prisoner Parker in company with Bayliss; I knew Parker and Bayliss both before. They were in company together about an hour and three quarters, they went away together, very near ten o'cloch.
JOHN BIGGS. I am a waterman; I ply at Stone-stairs.
Q. Were you one of these who had the watch on Monday evening the 7th of December - A. I was.
Q. When you were on watch that night, was any boat taken away - A. Yes, my boat; I called out who is got my boat; I was answered as I thought by Parker; I knew Parker before five or six years. Parker answered he would bring the boat back in a few minutes.
Q. Finding it was Parker's voice, you were content with that answer - A. I was; the boat was brought back in a few minutes; if it had not been a voice that I knew, of course I should have looked after it. After it was brought back, I heard more than one; they told me, they had brought my boat back. I said very well. I think there were two by the footsteps up the alley.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MONET
               



            . I am a shipwright. On the night of the 7th of December, I was at the David's Harp public-house at Limehouse; I went there about eight o'clock. I came away about half after eleven.
Q. Do you know the prisonor Parker - A. Yes, and Bayliss; they came in together about half after ten o'clock; they drinked together; they staid about an hour, and then went away together.


                  JOHN 
                  RAYNER
               



            . Q. You are a proprietor of a wharf at Ratcliffe - A I am.
Q. On the morning of the 8th of November, did you observe any timber on your wharf - A, I did, four pieces, as soon as I went to the wharf.
Q. Had you any notice of their coming - A. None; at the moment I saw them I did not know who they belonged to.
Q. In the course of that day, did you see the prisoner Gould - A. I did, he came to my wharf. After I had seen these pieces, I went down to Woolwich, and did not return until Gould was in custody. 
               
                  George 
                  Richardson
               



             is my foreman.
GEORGE RICHARDSON. I am foreman at Mr. Rayners.
Q. Do you remember seeing these four pieces of timber under your crane on Tuesday the eight of November - A. Yes, about seven o'clock when I saw them.
Q. In the afternoon of that day, did the prisonerGould come - A. Yes, with a timber carriage; I saw him, and I saw the timber upon the carriage.

Q. 
            In consequence of any thing said to you did you ask the prisoner Gould to pay for the landing and wharfage - 
               A. 
            Yes; she said if I would make one the paper he would pay me for landing and wharfage. I turned to make out the bill I met Mr. Rayner; and acquainted him with it. The officer came and detained the carriage, and took Gould into custody.
JURY. Q. Who applied to you to have the timber landed - A. There was a man on our wharf, he said his name was Gould; it was not the prisoner Gould himself.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor.
Q. On the afternoon of Tuesday the 8th, did you go to Mr. Rayner's wharf - A. I did, about four o'clock; when I came there I saw a timber carriage with the name of Mr. Planket, a respectable timber-merchant in that neighbourhood, and two horses to it, and four pieces of timber upon it, marked W N I H. I saw he prisoner Gould, he had hold of the fore horse; he had a whip in his hand; he appeared as the driver. I went up to him, and asked him where he was going to take that timber; he said he was going to take it to Limehouse; he said he did not know the person he was to take it to. I then told him the timber was stolen, and that I was a police officer; that it behaved him well to tell me where he was going to take it, otherwise I must take him into custody; he then said he did not belong to it, he was not the driver. I told him I should take him into custody; he then said, what is to become of my horses, he would shew me where he was going to take it. He said he was going to take it to his own yard in St. George's in the East; that it was to remain in his yard all night, the next morning the person was to come that had engaged him to carry it, he was a sailor-looking man. I took him into custody; that account did not satisfy me; Mr. Wynne and Mr. Hindes both saw the timber, and claimed it.
Mr. HINDES. Q. What is the value of this timber - A. They are worth twenty-eight pounds.
Parker's Defence. I have nothing particular to say; whether I cut the rope or did not; it has been stated at the time it was dark.
Baylis. Parker got on the timber and cut the head-rope.
Gould's Defence. On the 8th of November 
               
                  John 
                  Gould
               



            , my brother, came to me about seven o'clock in the morning; he said, are your horses at home; I said. they are not; he asked me what time they would be at home; I told him I could not say, it might be two hours, it might be more; he said they had four pieces of timber at Mr. Rayner's wharf; they wanted me to go with to Limehouse, to whom I do not know. He said the person lived at Limehouse: he gave a namo, I do not recollect it; I said, the expence of carriage for two days would be great; they had better let it lay at the wharf. Parker said what is the expence of a carriage for two days: I told him I paid five shillings a day for the use of it. Parker said, never mind the expence of the earriage, I will pay for it; he wished me to bring it to my own yard and there let it lay until the next morning. John Gould said, you were saying you wanted a piece of timber for your waggon; I said yes; he said you may have one of these, if they suit you; I said I had no objection for one or two, provided they would give me credit, I had no money to pay for it. He said, that will not do for us, what we buy to day we must pay for tomorrow night. Nothing further passed at that time; I was just going home; it was a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning. 
               
                  John 
                  Gould
               



             went towards London, and George Parker went down towards Limehouse; he particularly requested me to send down to Rayner's wharf for it as soon as I could, and I promised I would; the horses never came home that day until twelve o'clock in the day; Jarvis, my man, put the horses into the stable; I told him to go home. and get his dinner, and when he came back, I told him to go to Mr. Plenket's in the Commercial-road to borrow his timber carriage for the next day; he went there about one o'clock, he had not been gone more than a quarter of an hour before 
               
                  William 
                  Wood
               



             came from Rayner's wharf, he came and asked when we were coming down for the four pieces of timber; I told him the man was gone after the carriage, I expected he would be down directly. The man never came back with the carriage until ten minutes to three o'clock; I told him to go forward to Rayner's wharf, I would follow him with the rope, and when we came there, we turned the carriage round; Mr. Rayner's man, myself, and Jarvis, loaded the carriage with the timber; as soon as we had loaded, I sent Jarvis for a sack, and some time after Jarvis was gone, Mr. Evans, the officer, came down to me; I was then going to see whether the horses would draw it, one of the horses I had not had many days, he could not draw it. Mr. Evans asked me where I was going with the timber; I told him to Limehouse, I did not know the name of the person it was to go to. He asked me to whom did it belong to; I said, I could not tell, it was a tall genteel young man. I had never seen Parker before but twice to my knowledge. Mr. Evans asked me if I would shew him where it was going to; I said, I would; I took him into Ratcliffe Highway, there I told him I was going to take it to my own yard, and in the morning I was going to take them to Limehouse. I did not know at the time it was stolen timber; they employed me as a carman only; I had no mistrust that it was stolee property.
Parker called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Gould called twelve witnesses, who gave him a good character.
PARKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
GOULD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant,
