






1467. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BULLARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 24 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gill
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Coutts
                  



               
            , Esq.
, and fixed to a certain building of his.


                  JOHN 
                  GILL
               



            . I am employed by 
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Coutts
                  



               , Esq., to build a cottage
 adjoining his house - it was nearly finished; it was an octagon roof; the lead-work was put on the hips. On Sunday morning, the 11th of October, I went round the cottage, every thing was then safe. On Tuesday, the 12th of October, I went with some men to measure the work, and found the lead taken from the cottage and building attached to it - it was torn from the nails; next day it was produced by Davis. I compared it with the roof, it corresponded exactly, every hole fitted the nails - about two hundred weight was taken. Bullard has been in Mr. Coutt's service two years.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 13th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was near Fitzroy-square, and saw Bullard going along Clipstone-street, very heavily laden; I followed him round to Chalton-street, into an old iron-shop. Immediately he went in he put down this basket, with the lead in a bag; I went up to him and found it was lead - I handcuffed him. The woman of the shop exclaimed,
"Why do you bring your lead here, to get me into trouble?" - this was before it was opened. While I was handcuffing him, Turner came by with another quantity of lead. Seeing me there, he made the best of his way down the street as fast as he could - he knew me. I left a man in charge with Bullard in the shop, followed, and came up with him. I said,
"What. Turner! are you in it again? you know my handcuffs will fit you." He said,
"Mr. Davis, I found this." I called a coach, and took them both to the office with the lead. It was afterwards compared, and fitted nail by nail to the building. I found a pair of silver spoons on Turner; he said he brought them from sea with him - they have been claimed.
TURNER'S Defence. I found the lead in a bag when I was out mushrooming.
BULLARD'S Defence. I can prove I was in bed all that night.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



             re-examined. I took them about three miles from the house; they were in a great perspiration.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am watchman of Kentish Town. Bullard lives in the neighbourhood, the other lives in the alley behind him. Bullard came over to me, and told me to call him at five o'clock to get mushrooms. He did not go out of his house until between five and six, as I was on duty.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What distance from Mr. Coutts's do they live - A. About twenty minutes' walk.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.
BULLARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
