






1256. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SIMMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CHAMBERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, three carpets, value 1l. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bower
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I had the care of Mr. Bower's house in Tottenham-court-road


. The carpets were on the two pair of stairs landing-place - I missed them in the evening of the 27th of August, the door is generally locked.
AMELIA NEST. I live in Tottenham-court-road. I was told to watch the prisoners-Simms left Chambers and went into the house-Chambers waited for him a few doors off, Simma brought the carpets out and gave them to her; I followed them down Piercy-street and Rathbone-place, to Oxford-street into Charles-street, they came into Oxford-street again, and went down into St. Giles's. I told Jordan, and he went and took them into custody it-wa about five o'clock.
ELSEY BURK. I was with Nest. Simms went into the house and brought the carpets out in about four minutes, and gave them to Chambers. We followed them into St. Giles's.
JAMES JORDAN. I am a constable. On the 27th of August, I took the prisoners into custody, in a court in St. Giles's; they were opening the carpets. Simms ran out but I stopped him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SIMMS'S Defence. A gentleman gave them to us to carry.
SIMMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
CHAMBERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
