





1174. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edmund 
                        Bailey
                     




                  , on the 16th of August
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein twenty-six live tame fowls, price 2l. 10s.
            , his property.


                  EDMUND 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I live at Millbank


. On 16th of August when I got up I found my fowl-house broken open and twenty-six of my fowls gone; the fowl-house joins my dwelling-house. I saw them in the possession of Gillmore.


                  CALEB 
                  LIDFORD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 13th of August about twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner and three others by the house.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of August about seven o'clock I went to No 17, Pye-street, where the prisoner lives; I met him in the passage, and found nine fowls under the bed and feathers in the fire-place partly burnt; Mr. Bailey claimed them; the prisoner said he found them in a cart.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLEBY
               



            . On the 17th, I met the prisoner in Duck-lane, he knocked me down-several more came round and abused and beat me - I was obliged to let him he found go-my master secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw them.
JACKMAN. I am the prisoner's father; he was in bed from ten o'clock at night until six o'clock next morning. I have no reason to believe he went out all night.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Barrough.
