





15. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GREENWOOD
                  , alias 
CASEY





            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Griffen
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night, of the 25th of November
, and stealing therein, fifteen pencil-cases, value 2 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Griffen
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GRIFFEN
               



            . I am an hair-dresser
; I sell perfumery
; I live at 48, Skinner-street, St. Sepulchre's


; I keep the house. This happened on Monday last, the 25th of November, about nine o'clock, I perceived the prisoner at the window some time before he broke it; he smashed it, and then put his hand into the window; he did not go from the window before he did it with his hand; I was in the shop, and within three yards of where it was broken; I heard it break; it was broken with his hand; when his hand was in the window, he laid hold of some pencil-cases, and dropped one near the window that he had broken. When I heard the glass break, I looked at him; he put his hand in coolly, catched some pencil-cases up, and run off; when he ran away, I went into the shop, put my coat and hat on, and went out on Snow-hill; I saw one of the patrols, I told him I had been robbed; I told the patrol to watch to see if any person came again. I pulled off my coat and hat, and go to my business. I then perceived the window was broken as I passed along; I had heard it break; you might have heard it all along the ground floor. I went into my own shop, and went to my business; in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, I perceived a hand in the window again; I ran across the shop out into the street as fast as possible, the patrole had got him when I came to the door; he then dropped the pencil-cases; I saw them drop; I picked up ten pencil-cases, which I saw him drop. I said, this is the second time you came.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a patrole. Mr. Griffen informed me he had been robbed, and he had his window broken; I watched in the front of the broken window; there was a strong light in the window in about a quarter of an hour; the prisoner came down as if from St. Sepulchre's church; he put his hand inside of the window; he pulled his hand out of the window. I instantly laid hold of him; Mr. Griffen came out of the shop: I took the prisoner to the watchhouse; something fell from the prisoner, it sounded like glass, what it was, I cannot say; I had enough to do to take the prisoner to the watchhouse. I searched him; on him I found a silver watch, and some money.


                  EDWARD 
                  LINDER
               



            . I am the other patrole. I came up just as Mr. Griffen came out of the shop; Mr. Griffen was picking up some pencil-cases off the ground; Mr. Griffen delivered me the pencil cases he picked up. These are the pencil cases.
Mr. Griffen. These are my pencil-cases; they were in my window.
GUILTY, aged 18,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
