





576. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of June
, two bars of solder, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Priest
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  George 
                  Priest
               



            , a plumber
, in Butcher-hall-lane, Newgate-street


. The prisoner was our labourer
. On the 23d of June, Mr. Glossip sent for me; he said, the prisoner had left in his premises two bars of solder; he wanted to know whether they were Mr. Priest's. I told him, from the general appearance they were Mr. Priest's Mr. Priest has a large quantity of solder; these two bars might be taken away; we could not miss it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOSSIP
               



            . I am a wine-merchant. On the 23d of June, the prisoner came into my house with some tools and melted lead at his back; he put them down. There is a bottle-rack at the cellar-door. I had an idea that the prisoner robbed his master. The bottles rattled; I said, do not break the bottles. He came away, and came to the bar, and had a glass of liquor, and said, I do not pay you new. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to the shop, having a glass of liquor, and then saying, I will leave a tool; instead of that, he left solder; they were two bars joined together. About a month before, this man had done the same. This is the solder. I am sure when he left the solder, there was no solder there until he left it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Glossip. On the morning the prisoner left the article, I was out of the way. As soon as I came in, Mr. Glossip asked me to go to the bottle-rack, and see what he had left; I with some difficulty, found it behind the bottle-rack. I took it over to Mr. Priest, and weighed it; it weighed sixteen pounds. This is the solder.
Mr. Lucas. It is like Mr. Preist's solder.
Prisoner's Defence. On Thursday morning, I was coming along Bridge-street, as I was crossing the road I saw two bars of solder lay; I picked them up, and took it to Mr. Glossip's. I intended to take it back to see if I could find the owner.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
