





843. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of October
, 35 lb. wt. of tallow, value 35 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis Theodore 
                     Hay
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  THEODORE HAY
               



            . I am a lighterman
; on the 8th of October the tallow was taken from a cask on board the lighter, and put into a wherry.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner - A. Yes, he has been a watchman
 in my employ fourteen or sixteen months.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am an officer in the Thames police; I was off the Isle of Dogs in a Thames police boat, on the 8th of October I saw the prisoner very busy at the head of a cask, I pulled round and went on board the craft, but before I could get on board it was removed from the head of the cask. When I went on board I saw this mat, there was thirty-five pound weight of tallow in it: the mat was spread under the head of the cask, I asked them how it came there, they denied any knowledge of it.
Q. Who was there - A. Two lightermen pulling the punt up with two oars, the other two men were present.
Q. How far had he removed it - A. The mat lay by the side of the cask, and as he pulled the tallow out of it fell on the matt. He had left the cask when he saw me.
Mr. Alley. This is a thing that often happens in a voyage that a cask tumbles down and the head falls off - Very often; but he was in the same barge.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOWLESS
               



            . As we were rowing in Greenwich reach, we observed the prisoner in a punt, he was tearing a piece of hoop off a lining that confines these heads, he hove the piece overboard; we observed that he rowed round and boarded the craft, we observed, that he left the cask and sit down, this matt was spread under the head of the cask with the tallow in it.
Q. That was a barge belonging to Mr. Hay - A. Yes; as soon as he saw us going on board he got up and rowed. On examining the cask, on the tallow there were the marks of the fingers where he pulled the tallow out. I went forward and accused them of it, they all denied it. I told Batt that I saw him at the cask, he said no, look at his hands they are not greasy: I felt his hands, they were perfectly greasy, very much so.


                  DAVID 
                  SHORT
               



            . I am a lighterman; I brought the craft from the ship, and my brother came on board of her just at the top of Blackwall reach, my brother and Batt came forward into the craft, Batt went aft in the craft, I missed him five minutes; I asked my brother where he was, he said he was doing his needs; I took no more notice of him until the the police officer came up, and just then he ran along the gunwale. The officers accused him, he said he was not guilty.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORT
               



            . I was ordered to assist my brother up with the punt, I stepped into the barge, my brother asked me where the prisoner was.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
