






686. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BARNARD 
                     COSGROVE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, one handkerchief, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am foreman to Joseph Harrison, who is a pawnbroker
. On the 10th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners standing at the door; I saw Smith put his hand to a handkerchief, and attempt to take it. I jumped over the counter and pulled him in - He had not taken it. I had lost a handkerchief from the door at five o'clock.
JOHN BOREHAM. On the 10th of March, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners at the prosecutor's door, with another man, who said to Smith "Which shall we take." Smith snatched a handkerchief down and ran away with it. At six o'clock I saw Cosgrove at the door, he told Smith to take a handkerchief and hand it to him, and he would run away with it, and meet him where he did before. Smith snatched at one, and was taken. I followed Cosgrove-the officer took him. I am sure Smith took the handkerchief at five o'clock; Cosgrove was with him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . On the 10th of March, I took the prisoners into custody; they resisted very much, and attempted to strike me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHARD
               



            . I was going down Tottenhamcourt-road, and assisted in taking Smith; the prosecutor said Cosgrove was one of them - I took him also - He made a desperate resistance.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
COSGROVE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
