





504. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CULLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 11s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Osler
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  OSLER
               



            . I am clerk to an auctioneer
, and live in Ossulston-street, Somers Town. On the 16th of February, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was returning from the Circus, and met the prisoner opposite Smart's-buildings, Holborn


, she crossed over to me and asked me for 6d.; I refused - She caught hold of me; I told her I had not got one; she still wished me to go with her; I refused, I at last gave her 6d., to get rid of her, and got myself from her forcibly. I put my hand in my pocket, and missed 11s.; nobody, but her, had been near enough to take it. I caught hold of her, and accused her of it; she denied it; I put my hand against her pocket, and heard money gingle. I called the watchman, he came up and took her; I described the money, before she was searched; there was 5s., and two 18d. pieces, among it; he found it on her, as I had described it.


                  ANTHONY 
                  CHUBNAL
               



            . I am a watchman, and heard the prosecutor call; I went up, he accused the prisoner with stealing 11s. from him; he said, there was a half-crown, 6d., two 18d. pieces, and 5s. I took her to the watchhouse, and found exactly that money on her, and 6d. in her mouth, which he said he gave her. She wanted to put her hand into her pocket; I prevented her.
Prisoner's Defence. I had changed half a sovereign, and that was my money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
