






815. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PIPER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of August
, eighteen remnants of cloth, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Russell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am a mans-mercer
, No. 1, Water-lane, Blackfriars. I lost the property on Tuesday, August 9th, about two o'clock, in the afternoon; I sent the goods by the errand boy, his name is 
               
                  James 
                  Bumstead
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUMSTEAD
               



            . On the 9th of August, I was met by Clark in Smithfield, he said are you going to Arnold's; I said, yes. He said, where have you been all this while, Mr. Russell promised to send me them three hours ago; he said; he was going back to measure the remnants. He asked me if I had brought the buttons; I said, yes. He said, he wanted six yards of the best black cloth, and some galloons; he told me to go back with him to Mr. Russell's; I went back about three or four yards with him; he then said, I need not go all the way to let him have the goods, and I had to run for the French cloth for Mr. Arnold; he took the goods off my shoulder, and took the buttons; I went back, and told Mr. Russell; he said, I had been swindled out of the goods. I am sure Clark is the person that took the goods from me; Piper was behind him; they seemed as if they were companion's together.


                  ANN 
                  SAVORY
               



            . I keep the George, in Wardour-street, Soho. I saw the prisoners in the public-house on Friday, the 12th of August, about twelve o'clock; they were together. Mr. Foy came in shortly after; I had sent a person for Mr. Foy; I thought there was an improper transaction going forward; they had a jew with them of a suspicious character; they were in the parlour a long while.
Q. Had Piper and 
               Clark
             any thing with them at first - A. Not then. The jew came in afterwards; as soon as the jew came in, Clark went out; he returned in five minutes; he brought the cloth wrapped up in green baize; he took them in the tap-room; the parlour door is partly glass; he beckoned the jew, and Piper came with him into the tap, and shortly after Mr. Foy and Bennett came in.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday, the 12th of August, about eleven o'clock in the day, a person came to me from Mrs. Savory, stating that there were some suspicious characters at their house, and bid me go up to look at them in order to prevent their coming there another time. I went into the tap-room; I saw Joseph, the jew, sitting in a box, and the prisoner opposite. Joseph gave evidence here last April. On the left hand side of the jew, were these remnants of cloth, which I now produce. Joseph got up to go; I beckoned him; I immediately went in, and asked who the parcel belonged to; the two prisoners said, it did not belong to them; the other persons that were there, denied all knowledge of the bundle. I asked the prisoners whether they knew Joseph; they said, no, they did not know him at all. I opened the parcel, and found it contained a quantity of cloth. I took the prisoners into custody, and took them to the office. I advertised it; this gentleman came forward and claimed it.
Q. to Mrs. Savony. Are these the things that were wrapped up in green baize - A. Yes, I had seen the jew repeatedly with the prisoners at my house. I have never seen them since.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at these things, and see whether they are your remnants - A. Yes, they are mine; they tally with my stock-book.
Piper's Defence. I know nothing of it; I never saw the lad in my life.
Clark's Defence. The same.
PIPER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.

CLARK, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
