





406. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  GIBBONS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of April
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Hall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BENJAMIN HALL. I am a hair-dresser
, Garden-court, Baldwyns Gardens, Grays Inn lane


. I met the prisoner in Grays Inn lane on the 18th of April near upon ten o'clock at night, I was going to the dram shop to get a glass of gin, I saw three girls standing at the dram shop door, they asked me if I would give them any thing; I said I would, the three girls and myself had a glass each; on our coming out they wanted me to give them a second glass; I said that I had no more than a sixpence, I could not give them a glass each I would divide the gin among them. We had three half-quarterns, and after coming out again the prisoner drawed the watch out of my fob; I immediately took hold of her, and called out, watch, lustily; she immediately gave it to one of the girls; she said, run, and as the girl run she cried, run Jane, run. The watchman came, we secured her. I have not got my watch.
Mr. Challenor. You are a gallant man, you generally take three ladies at one time - A. No.
Q. How many glasses of gin had you drank that night - A. I had drank two before that day.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you were sober - A. I was compos mentis to do my business.


                  JOHN 
                  BLANEY
               



            . I am a watchman. At ten o'clock I heard a person call watch, I went to him. As I was going up the court I saw two girls running, the prisoner said, run Jane, run. The prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner, he said she had picked his pocket of a watch, and gave it to another, who had run away. I took her to the watchhouse.
Mr. Challenor. Did the prosecutor appear to you to be sober - A. He appeared to have been drinking. He appeared to be sensible.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming down Holborn with 
               Jane
             I met the prosecutor, he took Jane and me to a house in Southampton-buildings, after that he took us three times into the wine vaults facing Gray's Inn-lane, and when he came out he was hugging and kissing Jane; she and another ran from him; he said he had lost his watch; he detained me until I told him where they lived, I could not. I was searched, nothing was found on me. He was very much intoxicated in liquor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
