






200. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     GREENSLADE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN-SLADE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis John 
                           Gates
                        




                     
                  , about nine o'clock, on the night of the 5th of January
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, six books, value 1l., one counterpane, value 8s.; one gown, value 5s.; one petticoat, value 3s.; two sheets, value 8s.; eighteen napkins, value 2s.; two candlesticks, value 2s.; two pair of snuffers, value 3s.; six cups and six saucers, value 2s.; two tea-chests, value 6s.; six knives and six forks, value 2s.; one cloak, value 1s.; two pair of stockings, value 2s.; one table-cloth, value 1s.; ten glasses, value 6s.; one decanter, value 5s.; and one pepper-box, value 5s.
            , his property.
FRANCIS JOHN GATES. I live in White Lion-street, St. Giles's


, and am a trunk-maker
. I rent the front garret, the landlord does not live in the house. The prisoners lodged in the back room, which is parted from mine by a lath and plaister wall. On the 4th of January, about nine o'clock in the morning, I and my wife went to Paddington. I locked my door with a common lock, and a padlock. I returned about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th of January, I found the door-lock had been picked, and the padlock forced; I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment, they are worth 5l. The next day I found some of my things at two different houses in Great St. Andrew-street.


                  ROBERT 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a constable. On the afternoon of the 6th of January, I examined Gates's room; there was a great deal of crockery on his bed, and a hole burnt through the door, apparently with a thick wire. I found the wall broke down, and the lock forced. I waited all night, but the prisoners did not come home. The next morning I went out with Gates, we found a picture and a milk-pot at Mrs. Yate's, in Great St. Andrew-street, which he claimed; we found some more things at Mrs. Gray's. In the afternoon I found Gates had got the prisoner, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Greenslade
               



            . I afterwards took the other prisoner at a coffee-shop in St. Giles's. He told me that he had sold the things in Great St. Andrew-street. I then went into the prisoner's room, and found a piece of black silk which the prosecutor's wife claimed; there was a large hole inthe wall which would admit a hand through, it had a piece of carpet hung over it. I also found a piece of iron which had been in the fire, and fitted the hole in the door.
SAMUEL FURZEMAN. I am constable of St. Giles's. I went to Mrs. Yates' house with a search-warrant, and found some mugs, and knives, and forks; she sent me to Norfelk-alley, to her aunt's, and I found some cups and books there. I afterwards went to Morrit's, and found some more things.
SUSAN YATES. I keep an old iron-shop. On the 6th of January, a young man sold me the things; he said they were his mother's, and that she was going out to service. I gave him 5s. for all the things; he had more things with him. I do not know the man. I live in Great St. Andrew-street. I bought some things on the 6th of January of a man, who brought them in a bag. I do not think it was either of the prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  UNIT
               



            . I am the landlord of the house. I do not live in it: I let the prisoners the back room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  GREENSLADE
               



             - GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing only, to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  GREENSLADE
               



            -

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Borrough.
