





767. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BONNEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, 73 yards of carpet, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hare
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JAMES HARE. I keep a carpet-warehouse
 in Cannon-street


. On the 3d of April I lost the carpet. I do not sleep there-my brother sleeps there as my servant; the warehouse is part of the dwelling-house. The upper part is let to Mr. Allenbury-we rent it separately of the landlord, who does not sleep in the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Allenbury. On the 3d of April, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I was coming down stairs to open the door to a lady, and saw the prisoner and another man walking backwards and forwards - I went to the door to look out; they passed again, went as far as St. Swithin's church, and waited there about a minute. The prisoner then turned back, went into Mr. Hare's warehouse, came out with a roll of carpet under his arm, and turned up the other way, towards Abchurch-lane-the other man followed him. I went into the warehouse, and told the porter - He went after him, and brought him back without the carpet. I am sure he is the man who brought the carpet out of the warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  FICKINS
               



            . I was standing at the corner of Green Lettuce-lane, and saw the prisoner turn down Abchurch-lane, with the carpet under his arm. Presently after, Mr. Hare's porter inquired if I had seen any person go by? I told him I had, and went with him. As we turned the corner, to go to Abchurch-lane, we met the prisoner returning, without the carpet. I am sure he is the man - I had taken particular notice of him. I noticed his carrying it an awkward manner.


                  PETER 
                  CARROLL
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Hare. Shaw told me the carpet was gone - I ran out, and asked Fickens if he had seen any person with it. We met the prisoner coming down the lane-Fickens said he was the man.
Prisoner's Defence. The servant said he had lost nothing at first.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
