






800. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of April
, 11 yards of Manchester striped gingham, value 1l. 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newbery
                  




               
            .
SHIRLEY BEARE. I am shopman to Mr. Newbery, linen-draper
, in Fleet-street


. On the 23d of April, about twelve o'clock, I observed the two prisoners lurking about the shop-window and the door, and saw Webb attempt to take the gingham several times-it hung at the door. After he had pulled it about, they both came near the door. I saw Webb take it and give it to Wood, who ran away with it. I followed, and collared him - He dropped the goods. Webb walked away up the street and returned. I sent for a constable, and secured him also, and brought him back - He was coming towards the shop again. I was standing near the door all the while, but they could not see me.
WEBB. Q. Why did you not take me first - A. The other had the property.


                  JOHN 
                  OTTLEY
               



            . I am a hosier, and live opposite Mr. Newbery. I saw the prisoners lurking about the shop - They passed my window soon after. I saw Webb pull the gingham down and give it to Wood. I ran out to pursue him-when I got up he was secured. Beare brought Webb back also. I am sure they are the men - I had watched them two days before, and a fortnight before that.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
