





(His Majesty's Special Commission was then put in and read, empowering the Court to proceed to the trial of.)
486. 
               
                  
                     JOHN BEAN 
                     HANNAY
                  




               
            , who was indicted for 


               feloniously carrying away, and removing as slaves, and for the purpose of being sold, transferred and dealt with as slaves, twenty persons from a certain part of Africa, called Calabar



, on the 20th of January
, in the fifty-sixth year of His Majesty's reign.
SECOND COUNT, for having wilfully and feloniously received, detained, and confined on board a schooner, twenty other persons, for the same purpose, and from the same place.
THIRD COUNT, for wilfully and feloniously employing a schooner, for carrying away and removing twenty other persons.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, the same, only stating it to be within the jurisdiction of the Admiral.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, the same, only stating it to be without the jurisdiction of the Admiral.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EVANS
               



            . In December, 1814, I was shipped on board the James, at Liverpool, the vessel was from three to four hundred tons burthen. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Porter
               



             was then captain. The ships complement was thirty-two souls. We had a schooner on deck. The prisoner was chief-mate
. Our cargo consisted of salt, iron, guns, powder, rum, &c. We left Liverpool in December, bound for Africa. We first went to Cork, from there to Madeira, from there to Trade Town on the coast of Africa; we traded there - We came to Calabar in the August following. In October, the captain was taken ill and died, upon which the prisoner succeeded him - I was then made mate. The ship went eighty or ninety miles up the Calabar river; the Qua river flows into the Calabar river, before it goes into the sea. Before we arrived at Calabar, we had some irons on board, they were not proper handcuffs, but were intended for handcuffs; five of them were taken from the ship, and put on board a Portuguese schooner. When we were up the river, the prisoner told me, there was a cargo of slaves for me to carry, belonging to Duke Ephraim. We had a schooner on board. While we were on the coast of Africa, it was used to carry ivory and blackwood. When we were at Calabar, the prisoner ordered the ships bulk-head to be knocked in, to make a bulk-head to the schooner with it, to divide the male and female slaves; the ivory and wood could be better stowed in the schooner without this partition. This alteration was made the morning before I went with the slaves; I went on there for palm oil, and returned on board the ship in the afternoon, and the prisoner told me, that the schooner was ready to take in the slaves. The partition had been put up while I was on shore. I was ordered to bed at seven o'clock in the evening, and called up at ten o'clock, by JamesRenton the steward; he told me, that the canoe was coming, I got up, it proved to be a canoe of yams; I did not know that they were coming. When I got on deck, Renton was there, the canoe went alongside the schooner that was along side our ship; the yams were put into the schooner. I was called down into the cabin - I found the prisoner there. I left Renton on deck, looking out for the slave-canoe. The prisoner said, there is a cargo of slaves, call at Qua River, at which place you will get ten more - I went on deck, and in ten minutes another canoe came with slaves. The prisoner told me, to make the best bargain I could for the slaves, for the good of himself and the owners. I was to take the ten slaves to Camarooms, about three hundred miles south, down the coast, by the prisoner's orders; he said, keep in shore, whatever you do. If a Man of War's boat, or a Man of War falls in with you, they will take you, and condemn the ship. When the canoe came, it had nine black men and twelve women slaves; they were brought alongside the schooner tied hand and foot. The men were put in the fore hold and the women in the cabin, on board the schooner. 
               
                  John 
                  Dean
               



             and I went on board the schooner, we took water, beef, and brandy, from the ship with us; we had four muskets, six cartridge-boxes, two pistols, and four cutlasses; two men belonging to Calabar went with us to assist us. While the slaves were being removed out of the canoe into the schooner, the prisoner told me to count them, I counted twenty-one and told him so; he was on deck when the canoe first arrived, and saw them moved from the canoe to the schooner, and told us to shove broad off, and make the best of our way to Qua River-this was between ten and eleven o'clock at night, in January or February. We proceeded to Qua River and got one female slave there, and then proceeded to Camarooms with the slaves. When we got there, a Portuguese boat came alongside with King Aqua in it; he said, he could not purchase them. The Portuguese captain said he would, as he kept them in his factory on shore - I said, very well; and they were taken on shore that night. I went with them, and made an agreement with the captain, to have a pipe of brandy, two gang casks, which contain about thirty gallons each, two barrels of gunpowder, sixty iron bars, and two pieces of Manchester cloth, for the twenty-one slaves. We brought one female slave back, because she had a sore leg, and the articles that we had bargained for. On our return, we reported what we had down to the prisoner, and shewed him my book, containing an account of what we had got in exchange for the slaves. The brandy was taken on board, and the rest of the things went on shore with the female slave. I used to keep the log-book ever since the 25th of October; after I had sold the slaves, I asked the prisoner, if I should enter the slaves in the log-book, he said, "No, do not do that whatever you do; it will be worse for ourselves." Five of the handcuffs, were sent on board the Portuguese schooner at Calabar, a little before we went with the slaves; they kept three pair and returned two, as they were to small. One of the slaves had jumped over-board of the Portuguese vessel; Duke Ephraim, who was on board at the time, asked me if there were any irons; this was another slave ship, which lay alongside our ship. The prisoner ordered Renton to bring them up, and put them in the Portuguese canoe which came alongside our ship. The handcuffs were first put on board our ship at Liverpool; in the course of the voyage two pari had been put on our men.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The Portuguese ship was not the same that I afterwards saw at Camarooms. I had been at Africa twice before this. The prisoner was on board when we sailed for Liverpool. We were in the Calabar river when the captain died. Duke Ephraim spoke English. The bulk-head was taken down to make room for a cargo of oil; there was one taken down for that purpose six months before, and the materials were thrown away. We did not keep regular watch at Calabar. We go quite to another part of the coast to King Aqua.
Q. Were not the slaves carried for Duke Ephraim, the prisoner having no property in them - A. I do not know. I was never told, that I should be prosecuted for this transaction.


                  JAMES 
                  RENTON
               



            . I was steward on board the James. We sailed from Liverpool, in December, 1814, bound for Calabar; we arrived there in 
               August.
             The crew consisted of thirty-two souls. Porter was the captain; he died at Calabar, and the prisoner took the command of the ship. After this, we had been some time at Calabar, and the prisoner told me to call 
               
                  John 
                  Wright
               



            , the carpenter, to him, I heard him tell him to knock the bulk-head of the ship down, and make a bulk-head to the schooner; after this alteration, the prisoner went on shore and remained there a few hours; and about an hour after he told me to tell him, when every thing was ready, meaning when the bulk-head was ready; he went on shore and returned on board at nine o'clock at night; I was on deck when he returned - He asked me who was on deck; I told him nobody but myself and Macdonald; he asked if the rest of the crew were gone to bed; I told him they were. I lit him down to his cabin, and he then told me to go on deck and loot out for a canoe, that would come from the creek. I went and staid on deck till I saw one coming towards our ship, she had yams and plantains in her, which the negroes eat. I was then alone on deck. I went and told the prisoner. He told me to call Evans, the mate, which I did; and we went to the prisoner in the cabin. The prisoner told Evans, that he had got a cargo of slaves for him, and to take and do the best he could with them, as he expected them on board directly. Evans came on deck, and soon after the canoe made the ship, she brought black slaves, both men and women. Duke Ephraim's people stood with muskets to guard them. I went and told the prisoner they were arrived, he came on deck and said, "that will do;" and told Evans and 
               
                  John 
                  Decam
               



            , to get on board the schooner, and he told Evans to count them-after they were in the schooner, Evans told him there were tweenty-one. The prisoner then asked one of the Duke's men if that was all, the man said, "all at this time," but the schooner is to go between Parracloud and Qua River and will receive more; the yams and plantains were took on board the schooner, with some beef, bread, and rum. The prisoner told Evans to shove broad-off, and make the best of his way to Camarooms, to make the best of them that he could, and to deliver them to King Aqua, who would see them properly disposed of;their hands were tied-the men were put in the hold, and the women in the aft, with the bulk-head between them; their feet were loose. The schooner was absent about twelve days, and then returned. I was on board the James when she returned; she brought rum, cloth, powder, and iron bars, part of which was sent on shore, and the other part was received on board our ship. One of Duke Ephraim's canoes took it to shore. There was a Portuguese vessel at Calabar.
Cross-examined. Part of the rum was sent on shore afterwards-some of it was taken in gang casks-the rest was kept on board for the ship's use. The schooner had been trading for the ship before. When she took arms with her, it was to sell them.


                  DONALD 
                  M'DONALD
               



            . I shipped myself on board the James. We went to the coast of Africa. The captain died and the prisoner took the command. We took the schooner with us from Liverpool. We had the bulk-head of the schooner taken out to make her hold more oil; she was employed to carry oil, ivory, and wood, we could carry more ivory without the bulk-head. The bulk-head was put up again in the same way, and the floor laid, by the prisoner's orders-the materials were taken from the ships bulk-head, which was broken down for that purpose. As soon as this was done, the prisoner told me to go on shore, and tell Duke Ephraim that all was ready - I did so; and the Duke said, very well. I returned on board and told the prisoner, Duke Ephraim was on board the ship, when I returned. The next morning a canoe came from the shore alongside the schooner, which was alongside the ship, and brought some yams and plantains, which is negro food, and put them on board the schooner-the bulk-head made a division in the schooner; after this, the canoe went ashore and another canoe came with black slaves; this was at night. Renton, Evans, the prisoner, and I were on deck, the rest of the crew were in bed. I was boatswain. There were twenty-one slaves, in all, male and female; some of them were about thirteen years old, apparently. There was about five guards with them, who had fire-arms. The slaves were naked. The men had their hands tied before them, quite helpless; they were put in the hold, and the women were put aft, with a partition between them. The prisoner gave orders for taking them in; he then asked Evans if he was ready, and told him to shove broad-off and go away. The canoe went ashore. Some of the guards went into the schooner with Evans and Decam-it returned in about thirteen days. Evans and the schooner was absent from the ship all that time. He brought some liquor in a pipe, two gang casks, cloth, and iron; I believe the liquor was Portuguese brandy. The prisoner was on board when the schooner returned. The liquor was brought on deck, and the other things remained in the schooner-one of the female slaves returned with them; she had a sore thigh and was sent on shore with the guards. We afterwards returned to England.
Cross-examined. Some of the brandy was drank by the ship's crew.
Prisoner's Defence. Having a desire to obtain an intimacy with the natives, I lent Duke 
               Ephraim
             the schooner to convey the slaves to King Aqua. I knew it was contrary to the laws of my country. I did not receive any emolument myself from the traffic.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Special Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
