





196. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DRUCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of January
, a feather bed, value 7 l. a bolster, value 5 s. two pillows, value 5 s. a blanket, value 1 s. and a counterpane, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bullen
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY 
                  BULLEN
               



            . I live in Union-place, Tottenham-court-road


. The prisoner took the lodging on the 28th of December. On the 4th of January I went up and looked through the key-hole and saw the bed and bedding was gone; I got a constable and went into the room, we found the things missing out of the room; a feather bed, bolster, two pillows, a blanket, and a counterpane were gone.
Q. Did you ever find any thing of them afterwards - A. No. When the prisoner took the room she said her husband was foreman of a dustyard.


                  GEORGE 
                  SQUIB
               



            . I was with Mrs. Bullen. I forced the door open: there was not one single thing left; there were feathers about the room; the window was open and feathers in the street, as if the bed had been throwed out of the window, and somebody appointed to take it up. I took up the man that was with her, his name is Hall, he lived in the room with her. We took him to Hatton Garden. On Monday morning we took her with her real husband at Hammersmith; I searched her; I found nothing of those things that were lost.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I know no more than what Hall said, that the things were in the lodging when he went out.
Prisoner's Defence. I left every thing in the room when I left it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
