






207. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN HENRY 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, fifty yards of ribbon, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cowen
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
MARY ANN COWEN. I am the wife of James Cowen, we live in Spencer-row, Goswell-street - road


, I do not know the parish. The prisoners came into my shop, and asked for some yellow and red ribbons to make bows for their horses - I shewed them a box of ribbons-Williams put his hand across the box, and asked the price of a piece - I told him it was 7d. a yard, and the others were 2d.; he put his hand across the box again, and took another piece; I told him that the seven-penny ribbon was not the sort he wanted. I did not like their appearance, and put the box on the stool behind me. They asked for patterns - I cut them some to get rid of them. Williams said he supposed I could take a halfpenny a yard off if they had a whold piece, which his master would have - I told him I could not. The instant they were gone I missed two pieces of ribbon, which cost 29s. - I am sure they were there when they came in. On Saturday they came again; Williams said they wanted six yards of two-penny ribbon, which they had taken the patterns of the Wednesday before; I told my husband that the two fellows were come again. When Williams saw my husband comingout he said, "Come, we can go to another shop, they don't seem inclined to serve us." A friend, who was in the shop, followed and brought them back; we shut the door, and sent for an officer - We told them they had stolen the ribbons on the Wednesday; Perkins said, "Well, we will pay for them, rather than have a piece of work-leave 10s. for them." Williams immediately pulled out some silver and four gold rings, and offered to leave them to pay for the ribbons. When the shop was shut up at night, we found a piece of ribbon behind the shutter, which was not ours.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I am certain they are the men; my servant was in the parlour when they came in the shop the first time - You can see out of the parlour into the shop.
WILLIAMS - GUILTY. Aged 19.
PERKINS - GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               Stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
