





535. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of May
, a hat, value 7 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joel 
                           Wright
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Esther 
                           Wright
                        



.


                  JOEL 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . On the 2nd of May, the prisoner came to my house, the Three Compasses, Cow-cross


, about eight o'clock in the morning; she continued there till near twelve. She had two half pints of beer, a pipe of tobacco, and a quartern and a half of gin altogether. During the time she was there she took my little child up, kissed it, and asked the child if she should buy her a cake. After she took the child (I lost the child), she took the hat and handkerchief off the child. My child was found in Sharp's-alley, in about two hours after. She afterwards acknowledged that she had pawned the handkerchief and hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in custody on the 12th of May; she owned that she had pledged the hat and handkerchief for five shillings at Mr. Nicolls's. I went there, and found the property had been taken out. The prisoner had sold the ticket. I traced the property. I recovered the hat and handkerchief. This is the hat and handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRURY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner is the person that pawned the hat in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Riley
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. I was never guilty of any misconduct before; if I had not been intoxicated I should not have done it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
