





499. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHIPLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of April
, a watch, value 21 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Norgan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NORGAN
               



            . I am a cork-cutter
, I live at No. 3, St. Thomas's-street in the Borough. On the 17th of April, between the hours of nine and ten at night, I met the prisoner in Whitechapel, I went home with her to No. 6, Black Lion-yard, Whitechapel


, she asked me what o'clock it was; I pulled the watch out of my pocket; she took the watch out of my hand by force, blowed the light out, and ran away out of the room, and locked me in; after that I was let out by another woman.
Q. Did you ever find your watch - A. No, I am sure that is the woman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWBOLD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of April Norgan told me he had been robbed; I gave the alarm to the patrol, he found her in Essex-street, coming from the receiving-house, I knew her before; she was taken up, brought to the watchhouse, and searched, but no property found upon her.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 17th of April I was coming along Whitechapel, I was met by a young woman and the prosecutor; the young woman asked me to let her have the key of my room for an hour, which I agreed to; I returned in an hour, I saw the prosecutor sitting on the bed, he told me he had lost his watch; I said I was very sorry that they came to my room; he said he was sure that I knew nothing of it, and after he had got his clothes on he wished me good night. In about half an hour afterwards I was taken into custody. I am innocent.
Prosecutor. I am positive the prisoner is the person that took the watch out of my hand.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
