






49. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Newall
                        



                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of four on the 12th of November
, and stealing therein, three dollars, value 16 s. 6 d. one bank token, value 1 s. 6 d. and a shilling, her property; and two sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newell
                        



.
JANE NEWELL. I live at Twickenham


. On the 12th of November I went out to work in Mr. Burton's fields between eight and nine in the morning.
Q. Did you leave any body in your house - A. No. I fastened all the doors and windows; I returned at five o'clock, it was near dark then.
Q. When you returned did you find anything the matter with the house - A. Not directly. I came home and made a fire and put on my kettle, and went up stairs to make my bed; I made one bed and went to my box; I found the hasp of my box loose and my money gone; I missed three dollars, an eighteen-penny piece, and a new shilling, and two sixpences out of my sons breeches pocket, they hung on a line from one bed-post to another. After I missed a shirt and a handkerchief.
Q. Are you a single woman yourself - A. I am a widow, the mother of nineteen children.
Q. Did you look into your house to see if it had been broken into - A. The bolt of the window had been lifted up through the hole in the shutter; they lifted up the sash and got in.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, about ten or a dozen years ago. I have not seen him lately. His parents were neighbours of mine, he was a gardener I believe.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWELL
               



            . Q. I am son of the last witness. I had two sixpences in my breeches pocket, I hung them over the bed on the Sunday night. On Tuesday night, on my coming home, I heard my mother had been robbed; I found they were gone out of my pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a labourer; I live upon Twickenham-common, near Mrs. Newell.
Q. What do you know of her house being broken open - A. I knew nothing of it untill she acquainted me of it. On that afternoon I had seen the prisoner towards the prosecutrix's premises.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I went with William Lear to apprehend the prisoner at his father's house, the constable told him he wanted him. This was on Tuesday the same night that the woman's house had been robbed; he gave us three dollars and an eighteen-penny token. We searched him in the cage and found a shilling not much worn and two sixpences.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEAR
               



            . I am headborough of Twickenham. On Tuesday the 12th of November, between seven and eight at night, I apprehended the prisoner at his father's house.
Q. How far is that from Mrs. Newell's house - A. About a quarter of a mile. I asked the prisoner what money he had got in his pocket, he shewed me three dollars, an eighteen-penny piece, and three sixpences. I took the dollars and the eighteen-penny piece from him, and put him in the cage. I then went up to Widow Newell and asked her what property she had lost; she told me three dollars, an eighteen-penny bank token, two sixpences, and one shilling; I went to the cage, I told the prisoner I thought that he had some more money that I wanted; he produced three sixpences and some halfpence, and told me that was all the money he had got. I searched him, in his side pocket I found a shilling, I told him that was what I wanted. It is a shilling that has been but worn a little. This is all the money.
Q. to prosecutrix. Can you speak to the money - A. This shilling I can say is the same; I can take my oath to this shilling; and this is all the money I lost.
Q. Why do you speak to that shilling - A. It is a shilling I had given to my boy. I had it by me a twelvemonth, it wore black.


                  William 
                  Newell
               



            . These are my sixpences, one has got a mark, I took notice of that mark.
GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, to the value of 2 s. 6 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
