





29. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, one snuff-box, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Whitlock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WHITLOCK
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, and live at Turnham-green. On the 9th of November, I was in Bridge-street


, just as the procession of the Lord Mayor had passed, a gentleman asked me if I had lost anything, I immediately missed my snuff-box out of my pocket, which was safe five minutes before. The gentleman pointed the prisoner out to me, and said he was the man - he was alone. I went up to him, and charged him with taking my snuff-box. He denied it, and gave it to me, saying somebody must have put it into his hand, but how, he did not know - I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I believe you know him, he was in great distress - A. I have heard so - I have heard he was a teacher of languages.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was on duty in Bridge-street; a gentleman pointed the prisoner out. I was close to him; the prosecutor charged the prisoner with taking his snuff-box, which he denied, and then produced it - the prosecutor claimed it; I took him into custody, and found four handkerchiefs, two in his waistcoat pocket, and several duplicates, a 1 l. note, two sixpences, and a bad shilling on him. Two other handkerchiefs were either in his breeches or breeches-pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming from the bridge there was a crash, I saw the box fall, and took it up; the prosecutor demanded it. I said, is this your's, and gave it to him - the handkerchiefs were my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
