





565. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     DIAS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 4th of June, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Hyam 
                        Lewis
                     




                  , feloniously did steal, a pair of stays, value 5 s. a shawl, value 3 s. two sheets, value 6 s. a bonnet, value 6 s. a shirt, value 4 s. a shift, value 2 s. two trunks, value 4 s. two aprons, value 3 s. two tablecloths, value 5 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. his property; that she did afterwards about the hour of eleven in the night of the said day, burglariously break the said dwelling-house to get out of it
            .
HYAM LEWIS. I live at No. 2, New-court, Winfield-street, in the parish of Christ church Spitalfields


; I am tenant of the house, and live in it. On the 4th of June, I lost all the articles mentioned in the indictment; they were taken out of the drawers, in the first story. I missed them in the morning at five o'clock. I went to bed about half after eleven; I was the last person up. When I go to bed, I always leave the door upon the latch, that 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Martin
               



             might come in. When he came in, he called me, and told me the room door was open, that I should get up and shut it. The prisoner was my servant; she bid me good night when I went to bed. In the morning, she was gone. It is very easy for her to have got out of the house, as the door was only upon the latch. I had not tried the door to see whether the latch had catched or not. On the 8th, I met the prisoner. I saw some of the articles at the Horse and Leaping-bar, Whitechapel; they were in the servant's possession of that house. I only found part of my things.

MRS. LEWIS. Q. Do you know the value of these articles - A. Yes; the value of the stays is five shillings; the shawl, three shillings; the bonnet, six shillings; the sheets, six shillings; the shirt, four shillings; two children's frocks, four shillings and sixpence; two aprons, two shillings and sixpence; two tablecloths, five shillings; a silk handkerchief, three shillings, I had seen these things on the over night on the drawers, and I have seen them since in 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Welch
               



            's possession.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WELCH
               



            . I live at the Horse and Leaping-bar, Whitechapel. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, the prisoner came into our taproom; she called for half a pint of beer; she had a bundle with her. After I carried her the beer, she had the bundle open; I saw a shift and apron; she was shewing them to a young woman in the taproom, asking her to buy them. I gave her three shilling for the apron, and eighteen pence for the shift. I delivered them to Coombes, the officer. The prisoner said she had no money to pay her lodging until she sold something.
- COOMBES. I received a shift and apron of 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Welch
               



            . I produce them.
Prosecutrix. They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence. My mistress offered to make it up for five-pounds.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
