





603. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GARCIA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, a gold watch-key, and seal, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rose
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROSE
               



            . I live at No. 17, Newgate-street, I am a fringe manufacturer
. On the 26th of April, I lost a seal and watch-key, the corner of Bishopsgate-street and Leadenhall-street


; about ten o'clock in the evening, I was returning towards home, a minute before I had seen the seal and key safe, they were fastened to my watch by a ribbon; it was a gold seal; two men came behind me, and pushed me forwards; immediately the prisoner came in front of me, and made a snatch at my seal and key; the ribbon was torn away from the watch. I went a few paces afterwards, and I saw a watchman, I mentioned it to him.
Q. Did you pursue after him - A. I did; I saw the prisoner's face remarkably plain, by the light of the pastry cooks shop; he walked away, and I walked after him; the prisoner turned up the market.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him - A. I did, for a quarter of an hour; afterwards I saw the prisoner with two other persons walking up Leadenhall-street again; I told the watchman of that; he followed them down Gracechurch-street; the watchman apprehended the prisoner, and the other two set off directly. The prisoner was searched; neither the seal nor the key were found on him. I am quite sure of this man, who laid hold of my watch seal, and key.
Q. What is the seal worth - A. I gave eighteen shillings for it.
Q. Have you never said, it was two or three quarters of an hour after you lost sight of him, before you saw him again - A. No.
Q. Did you make no attempt to secure the other two persons - A. I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDFORD
               



            . I am a watchman; my box is the corner of Leadenhall-market. I saw a young man there, who told me he had been robbed; three men were coming up the street arm in arm together; I said, are you sure which is your man, that when they come up, I may lay hold of the right. He picked out this man from the three; I took hold of him, and the other two walked away. I took the prisoner the other way to what the other men were going; they were off in an instant; I cannot positively say whether they walked or run. I searched the prisoner; I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all of the transaction, any more than a child unborn.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
