






37. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BODERO
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, one handkerchief, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Abbot
                        




                     
                  , the younger, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a City constable; I was on duty on Lord Mayor's day last. I saw the prisoner, Wilson, before the procession came from Guildhall, attempting several pockets. When the procession was coming down Bridge street, Blackfriars


, to take water, Boldero and Wilson were together. I then called Huggins, and saw them go behind the prosecutor, Mr. Abbot; Boldero put his hand into Mr. Abbot's pocket, and took out his handkerchief. Wilson was covering him all the time; I mean by covering, standing so near him as to try to avoid the perception of the surrounding people. When I saw him, he dropped the handkerchief; Boldero dropped it when I seized him; it was a cotton handkerchief. (Producing it.)


                  JOHN 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I was there, and was called by Barret. I saw Wilson go on the left hand of Mr. Abbot, and Boldero on the right; then Wilson lifted up the pocket, and Boldero drew out the handkerchief. That is the handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I was in Bridge-street, Blackfriars, on Lord Mayor's day, and lost a pocket handkerchief.
The prisoners in their Defences, most stoutly denied their guilt, and all knowledge of the transaction.


                  John 
                  Barret
               



            . I knew Wilson had taken a red pocket handkerchief from a gentleman in Guildhall yard, and I could not get up to him. There is another indictment against him for that.
WILSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
BOLDERO, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
