





651. 
               
                  
                     ARCHIBALD 
                     M'PHAIL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, one metal watch, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Field
               




            , Spinster
.


                  MARY 
                  FIELD
               



            . I live in Albermarle-street, at the Alfred tavern


. On the 22d of March, about half-past ten o'clock at night, one of the servants said a man was in my bed-room, which is up two pair of stairs - I ran up and found the prisoner in custody. My trunk had been opened and my clothes turned out-the watch which was at the bottom gone.


                  DAVID 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am steward of the Alfred. About half-past ten o'clock on Sunday evening, the 22d of March, one of the maids told me, there was a man in the maids' room. I went up and found three of the room-doors open, which are usually kept shut. In the first room the clothes had been littered about a great deal-this door was always kept locked. The linen was taken out of the drawers in the second room, and laid on the floor. In the third room, the servant's clothes were taken out of her trunk and laid on the floor, and the watch. I found the watch in one place and the case in an another. The prisoner was in custody. Our door was open from eight o'clock till twelve.


                  RICHARD 
                  SLATER
               



            . I am a waiter in the house. One of the servants said there was a noise up stairs. I went up, and found the prisoner in the third room, sitting on the bed, either asleep, or pretending to be so. I asked him what he wanted there? he said he wanted Captain Campbell, of the 91st regiment. I took him down, and gave him in charge.



                  JANE 
                  DANKS
               



            . I am servant at the Alfred. I was up stairs, and found a door unlocked, which had been locked before, and a quantity of linen brought out and laid on the landing-place. I went down and alarmed the servants. The prisoner was found in one of the rooms.


                  SARAH 
                  BAKER
               



            . I left all the doors safe ten minutes before ten.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I understood 
               
                  Captain 
                  Campbell
               



             lodged there. I was intoxicated, and do not know how I got up there. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
