





1219. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, one watch, value 2l., and one key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Grimble
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GRIMBLE
               



            . I live in Elder-street, Norton-falgate. On the 25th of July, at nine o'clock at night, I was in Flower and Dean-street, Brick-lane


, with my wife; four men pushed against us-the prisoner was one of them that pushed against my stomach very hard-they drewback. My wife asked me if I had lost my watch? - I missed it immediately, and pursued the prisoner; they separated - He ran down the street. I called out Stop thief! he was stopped. I am sure he is the man who pressed against me.


                  HANNAH 
                  GRIMBLE
               



            . I was with my husband. The prisoner and three others pushed against us-the prisoner pressed against my husband; I am sure he is the man-he was close to him. He ran down the street; I gave the alarm-he was taken into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               



            . On the 25th of July, I was in the street, and saw the prisoner running from Mr. Grimble. He was taken immediately.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKASON
               



            . I saw the prisoner running down the street. Pullen and Jeffries tried to stop him - He passed them, I seized him; we both fell together. Jeffries came up and secured him.


                  THOMAS 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . I was in the street, heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running; Mackason collared him; they both fell together, I went up and secured him. I found the watch by the step of a door, on the very spot where they were struggling.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
