






 438. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of April
, a watch value 2 l. two metal keys, value 6 d. and a piece of ribbon, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Martin 
                           James
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN JAMES
               



            . I am clerk
 to Mr. Robinson, Charter-house Square. On the 25th of last month I was returning home, I turned up a court between twelve and one, for the purpose of making water; as soon as I got into the court I saw the prisoner coming up the court, I thought it indecent of me standing there making water, the woman could not pass me without rubbing against me, I went higher up the court where it is wide, the prisoner ran after me, she got me round my waist and wished me to go along with her, I told her I would not; she still kept on wishing me to go with her, I resisted; she at last said, give me two or three halfpence. I gave her a few halfpence, she then left me and went down the court again. The watchman met me in the court and asked me if I had lost any thing? I clapped my hand to my fob and found my watch was gone. I gave charge of the prisoner to the watchman, he took her to the watch-house.
Q. You had no connection with her, had you - A. I had not.


                  PETER 
                  HOLLIN
               



            . I am a watchman, I was going round at half past twelve, I was going up Half Moon-passage, Aldersgate-street, I met the prisoner; knowing of her before I stopped her in the passage, I asked her what she had been after? she said she had been after something. I stopped her till I saw the gentleman, I asked him if he had lost any thing? he clapped his hand to his fob, and said he had lost his watch. I took her to the watch-house. The constable has got the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was constable of the night, I have got the watch, the prisoner was brought to me by the watchman, I searched her pocket, I could not find any thing; I searched further, I found the watch in a place too delicate to mention.
Prosecutor. It is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. This gentlemen turned up this passage, I followed him; I talked to him a few minutes, he agreed to give me no compliment until he got change; he gave me the watch, and afterwards he insisted of having the watch from me, I was loath to give the watch up, because he gave me but three or four pennyworth of halfpence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
