





192. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MACDONALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, a brass cock, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rice
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am a lodger to Mr. Rice. I rent the shop and parlour. On Sunday last, about a quarter after eight in the evening, I was sitting in my room. I heard several wrenches, as if some person was attempting to take the pipe. I took the candle, and went to the top of the kitchen stairs; I called out, but nobody answered. I heard a footstep; I went to the door, and saw Mr. Crook that lives in the same house; he was coming from chapel; I told him I thought there was somebody in the kitchen; he took the candle, and went down into the kitchen; I followed him; I saw the prisoner up in the corner; she said she was intoxicated, and came there to get herself sober; we sent for a constable; the watchhouse keeper and a watchman came, and upon their searching her, the cock of the water-butt was found upon her, and we found that the water-pipe had been wrenched.
MR. CROOK. I am a bricklayer, I lodge in the same house. I came home about a quarter past eight on the Sunday evening. Mr. Gordon met me in the passage, he said there was somebody in the kitchen; I took the candle out of his hand and went into the kitchen, and up in the corner I found the prisoner, with her nose and her knees together to conceal herself; I asked her what business she had there; she told me that she had a drop too much, and she came there to get herself sober before she went home. I then looked up to the pipe; I saw eighteen inches of the pipe almost off; it had been wrenched; and I missed the cock out of the water butt; I asked her what she had done with the cock; she fell upon her knees and wished heavy judgments from heaven if she knew any thing about it. When the watchhouse-keeper came, he searched the prisoner and found the cock upon her.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, and very much reduced; I went out picking up rags and bones; I picked up that cock among some ashes. I have two fatherless children.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
