





1088. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  NICHOLSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lewin
                        




                     
                  , about two o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th of July
, (no person being therein), and stealing therein four gowns, value 10s.; one pelisse, value 12s.; one cloak, value 4s.; one spencer, value 2s.; one pair of breeches, value 4s.; one waistcoat, value 3s.; four petticoats, value 8s.; six frocks, value 6s., eight caps, value 7s.; four pincloths, value 2s.; two shirts, value 1s.; one sheet, value 2s.; one pair of shoes, value 1s.; one night-gown, value 1s.; one handkerchief, value 6d., and one basket, value 6d.
            , his property.


                  ELIZA 
                  LEWIN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Lewin
               



            , we live in Mr. Webb's cottage, he is our master. On the 20th of July, about one o'clock, I went out, locked the door, and left nobody at home; I returned about three, found the door, and my drawers and boxes broken open, and every thing strewed about. I missed the articles stated in the indictment.
WILLIAM HURRY. Lewin informed me of the robbery; I took my horse and overtook the prisoner and another about four miles from Kingsland-the prisoner had a basket, the other man had a bundle; they turned back and went into a public-house, I called out Stop thief! they ran out, I pursued them across the fields towards Wilsden. I did not see them taken. I found the basket and bundle next day, in the way they ran. I am certain the prisoner is the man who had the basket.


                  OWEN 
                  ROOK
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner and another man run down Wilsden-lane; the prisoner got into a ditch, and I took him. I found a pocket and a petticoat by him; he then dropped a frock and a petticoat. The basket and bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENRY BATES. I was bathing in a field. I saw the prisoner and another man running from the cry of Stop thief; the prisoner got into a ditch.
Prisoner's Defence. A man asked me to assist in carrying the things; when the cry was he told me to run.
GUILTY. Aged 29.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s. 6d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
