






206. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Vurley
                        




                     
                  , on the king's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 30 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  VURLEY
               



            . I am a tailor
; I live at 63, London Wall. On Wednesday evening, near twelve o'clock, the 7th of February
, I was in Whitechapel


, returning home I was accosted by a woman of the town; I extricated myself from the woman and told her I was in haste to go home; immediately afterwards the prisoner gave me a blow, and took from me my watch.
Q. Was the key hanging out - A. It had a small gold chain, with a key affixed to it, hanging out. It was just under a lamp; I had a very clear view of his person. He ran down George-yard, I pursued him about seventy or eighty yards; my pain being so exceeding bad I lost him. I then returned into Whitechapel, I communicated my case to a person, that I had been robbed of my watch; they told me it was well I did not pursue him any further, I should have been in danger of my life. On the Friday I went to the office, and went with Miller near to this George-yard, I staid outside while he went in and fetched the prisoner out. I then recognized him to be the man. I am sure he is the man; I described him to the officer before.
Q. Now, the blow that he struck you - was it violent - A. It was sharp. I do not know that he intended me any injury, no further than stealing my watch; my watch was instantly taken from me; my pantaloons being easy, it was soon taken from my fob.
Prisoner. I should wish to know from what the prosecutor could swear to me - A. Your person appeared clear to my view; you had a dirty coloured waistcoat on; I could almost say that is the waistcoat you have got on now.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On Thursday the 8th, I received information that the prisoner, in company with another man, robbed some person of his watch; I went in search of him and could not find him. On the Friday the prosecutor came to the office and gave information; I told him to wait a little while, I would bring one of them to see if he knew them; I went and took one and brought him to the lock-up-room; he said he really believed he was one, but he could not speak positively to him; he was discharged. I then took the prosecutor with me and went into Wentworth-street, and by the description that he gave of the prisoner I apprehended him at the Prince of Wales; I brought him out a little distance from the public house, to the prosecutor; he then said, that is the man; I'll swear to him. He then began to whine or cry, he said I was always pulling him in innocently. I had apprehended him before for a robbery, he was discharged; there was nothing proved against him.
Q. Did you ever find the watch - A. No; I searched him and found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer on Thursday morning came into the house while I was having my breakfast, he never said a word to me. On the 9th of February he came in again and never said a word to me; in about an hour after he came and took me out. I am an innocent young man. I was a bed at the very time the robbery was committed.
Q. to prosecutor. You mentioned but one - A. There was another man that ran away; I could not swear to him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
