





736. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     YOLDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, four chariot glasses, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Townsend
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a stable-keeper
, and live in Portland-street. On the 27th of February, the carriage was at the coach-house, in Cavendish-mews


, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon-the stable-door was open.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAFFENDEN
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was at work opposite the stable, and saw the prisoner come out about three o'clock in the afternoon. He crossed over, and waited at the corner of New Cavendish-street. Two other boys came out after him-all three went down Duke-street-the prisoner on the right-hand side of the way, and the others on the left; they all three met at the corner of Riding-house-lane. The prisoner took the sack and glasses from the smallest boy, and all three turned into Edward-street-the prisoner saw me, and ran off as fast as he could, with the glasses - He put them down at the corner of Mortimer-street. I went up and secured him-the other two escaped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAFFENDEN
               



            . I am the brother of the last witness. On the 27th of February, I saw the prisoner, with two other boys; they went into the mews. In about three-quarters of an hour, I saw the prisoner come out. He crossed the street - the two others following him-the smallest had the bag and glasses on his shoulder. My brother secured the prisoner - I am sure he is the boy.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWLET
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged  15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
