





670. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, a coat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Medicus 
                  Ramsdale
               




            .
MEDICUS RAMSDALE. I am a butcher
, I live at Kingsland. On the 4th of August I left my cart in Leadenhall market


, with my great coat in it. I had bought a lamb, and was putting it in my cart; I saw the prisoner watching the cart very narrowly, I moved the cart facing of the passage of Mr. Carr's alehouse; I watched him about five minutes, and then I thought he had left the cart; I went into the market about my business. In about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards, I had information, that a man was taken for robbing a cart of a coat. I came out of the market, and saw Mr. Whittle with the great coat in his hand, he said the man was in the watchhouse. I went to the watchhouse and saw the prisoner, he was the man that I saw watching the cart; this was at five o'clock in the morning.


                  SOLOMON 
                  WHITTLE
               



            . I am a victualler, I live at the Bull, in Leadenhall-street. On the morning of the 4th of August, I was going into Leadenhall market, I saw the prisoner go to the tail of a cart, I went into Mr. Carr's shop and watched him; I saw him lay hold of the horse, he led him about twenty yards, along side of another cart, then he came and looked round the market to see if any body was coming, he returned back, got up into the cart, pulled the coat from behind the cart, and laid it across the forepart of the cart, then he got down, and looked down the passage again; after that, he went back and took the coat from the forepart of the cart, held it up and looked at it, folded the coat up and put it under his arm, and went away with it; I followed him, and took him before he got into Leadenhall-street. I took him back to the cart, and took him to the watchhouse, they searched him and found twenty duplicates on him.

The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
