





152. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, five one-pound bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Baker
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a chemist
. I live in Long Acre.
Q. When did you lose these notes - A. Last Friday, the 8th. I lost them out of my pocket-book, in Bride-lane. The prisoner lived in Bride-lane, Fleet-street


; he is a hair-dresser
. I have been in the habit of having my hair cut at the prisoner's shop. I went there on the 8th, about twelve at noon. I took five one-pound notes in my pocket-book, which was in my inside pocket, in the lower part of my coat. I particularly marked the notes with my initials, and on my return I found they were lost.
Q. How came you to mark them - A. From my suspicion that I had of the person, having lost notes three times before. I went up stairs to have my hair cut. I sat down with my back to the fire. I took off my coat, as usual. I had been there many times before. After having my hair cut and dressed, I put on my coat again, and on my return down stairs, I found my pocket-book was in the same place, but no notes. The pocket-book was in my pocket, but the notes were taken out. I communicated it to the officer, who was below, and my friend. I had an officer below, who saw me place the notes in my pocketbook, and waited my return. The officer immediately proceeded up stairs with me, and charged the prisoner with having taken the notes, which he denied for some time. The officer began to search him and declared he would find the notes if they were in the house after his denying some little time he pointed to a box near the fire, which a cat was sitting upon. The officer opened the box and found the notes exactly as they had been in my pocketbook. They had never been opened. The officer took him in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I accompanied Mr. Baker to the house of Mr. Hill. After endorsing the notes I saw Mr. Baker go up stairs. I waited out side of the house, I saw him come down stairs. He searched for the book, and found it, but the notes were gone. He went up stairs. Mr. Brown searched the prisoner. The notes were found in the box. I saw them found. They are the same notes that he marked.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the box that I found the notes in. The box was before the fire, near the fender, and I found the notes in the form that they were put in the pocket-book, I saw the gentleman put them in the pocket-book.

Q. What are the notes - A. Five one-pound notes, with the initials of the prosecutor, the witness, and my own name. These are them.
Q. to prosecutor. Are them your notes - A. They are: there is my initials on them. Nothing was in the box but the notes.
JURY. Did any person come in the room during the time you were having your hair cut - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Did the prisoner cut your hair - A. He did.
Q. Did he leave the room - A. No, he did not My coat was near the fire at the time he was warming the irons.
Q. to Mr. Young. When you entered the room; tell us all that past - A. When I went into the room Mr. Baker challenged Hill of robbing him of five one-pound notes. Hill denied it. After some little time Brown searched him. After searching him, the prisoner said the money was in the box by the fire.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
