





645. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, a coat, value 25 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Lackington 
                           Simmons
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARD
               



            . I am shopman to John Lackington Simmons, pawn-broker
, in Holborn, near Middle row


. We did not miss the coat, until the officer brought it, about three o'clock in the afternoon. I had seen it hanging up inside of the shop at eight in the morning. I had seen the prisoner lurking opposite of the window.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Lamb, pawn-broker, Stanhope-street, Clare-market. On the 30th of July, the prisoner brought the coat to pledge, he asked a guinea on the coat. I asked him, whose coat it was? he said his father sent him; he said his name was Johnson, he lived in Fore-street, Holborn. I examined the coat, and saw Mr. Simmon's ticket on the collar, I concluded it was taken from Mr. Simmon's door. I gave the prisoner into the custody of a Bow-street officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  MANTZ
               



            . I am a constable. I produce a coat, I received it at Mr. Lamb's, of the last witness.


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . It is Mr. Simmon's property. It cost us sixteen shillings, that was lent on it.
Prisoner's Defence. There was a young man waiting outside, he gave me the coat.
GUILTY, aged 12,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
