





453. 
               
                  
                     JAMES WILLIAM 
                     COLLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of February
, two thousand tacks, value 3 s. and one thousand nails. value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pickford
                  




               
            , the younger
.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM FURBER
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickford
               



            , he is a sadler's ironmonger
; the prisoner was his porter
. On the 22nd of February, about one o'clock was the prisoner's time to go to his dinner; in consequence of directions I received from my master, I put myself into a situation to observe the prisoner's conduct; the prisoner could not see me where I was placed; about five minutes after one, I saw him go to the pigeon holes where the tacks were kept; he put his hand into the pigeon holes two or three times; the tacks were papered up in thousands; he took out several papers, and put them into his pocket; then he went to another hole were clout nails are kept; he took out one paper of them; then he was ordered to go to his dinner; we had an officer in waiting; the signal was given to the officer that he was coming out, by ringing the bell for the officer to pursue him; the prisoner was brought back by the officer in about a quarter of an hour; he was searched; I saw him searched, and two papers of tacks were found in his waistcoat pockets, one paper in each waistcoat pocket; nothing more was found upon him. I am sure he took the clout nails out, I did not see him put them into his pocket. These are the tacks; I am sure they belong to my master.


                  WILLIAM 
                  APPLETON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in the parlour when the prisoner went out; I heard the signal given; I followed the prisoner into Thames-street; I brought him back and searched him; I found one paper of tacks in each of his waistcoat pockets.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
