






1506. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 109 lbs. of lead, value 9 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Saunders
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HERLING
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Hendon. On Thursday, the 7th of October, between seven and eight o'clock, I was coming across the fields to breakfast, and was informed that three men were gone up with some lead. Two persons asked me to pursue with them; I ran to Gould's-green, and caught sight of the prisoners and another man, who were walking - I ran after them; they went on about half a mile farther before I overtook them. When I got within twenty yards of them, they saw me; two of them turned over the heath, and I caught the other, which was Sullivan; he had about 28 lbs. of lead - it appeared to be the piece of a cistern. I asked him where he got it from? He said from the building beyond, pointing behind him - I had passed no buildings. I secured him, and took him to the watch-house with the lead - he did not resist; he said he wanted victuals. I know Sheen was with him, for I saw him only twenty yards before me. I think I should know the third man, but he was rather before Sheen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIGGOT
               



            . I am a labourer, and work at Hampstead. On the 7th of October, I was going to work at Mr. Gamble's, who is a baker, and lives at the top of Hampstead, and was informed that a man desired me to cross the common after some men, who had robbed somebody - I could see nobody, but he pointed where I was to go to; I pursued, and caught sight of Sheen, who was running about a quarter of a mile off; I overtook him near Kentish-town - he ran all the way; several others were in pursuit. I took him to Hampstead watch-house, and there found Sullivan and the last witness.

Q. When you caught Sheen, what did he say - A. He said he had not done any thing - nothing was found on him. He was alone when I first saw him. People were pursuing him.


                  JOHN 
                  HARREL
               



            . I am rentor of Hampstead Heath. On the 7th of October, as I was crossing the heath, a man came up and pointed two men out to me; while he was speaking, I saw them both stoop down. and each take up a parcel of something very heavy - they were about a hundred and fifty yards off - I could not tell what it was. They walked off, and I walked with the man about a hundred and fifty yards; they saw us following them, and both set off running - they ran about two hundred yards with the lead, which was wrapped up in haybands. I heard the people cry out that they had thrown the lead into the ditch; I had then lost sight of them, and did not see them again. I called to my men to pursue them, returned, and found two parcels of lead in the ditch, wrapped up in hay-bands - I cannot say they were the same that I saw the men with - I do not know either of the men. In the afternoon I found about 6 lbs. of lead on the spot they had passed - I did not see them by the ditch, but they must have passed it. I afterwards saw the prisoner's at the watch-house, and sent the man to Maddock's with the lead.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am constable of Hampstead. The lead was delivered to me by Maddocks, who was a constable of the night; the prisoners were at the watch-house. They said they did it through distress. I now produce it.


                  JAMES 
                  HERLING
               



             re-examined. This is the piece I took from Sullivan.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I live at Stanmore Park. I lost a leaden cistern, which stood under my water-cock in the yard; it was between two and three feet long - this is the same size and shape. It was safe on the 5th of October, and all gone on the 6th; I missed it about seven o'clock in the morning. I live about five miles from Hendon. The cistern was in a wooden case; it fits the holes where it was nailed.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I was looking for work.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SHEEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq..
