






635. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     MORRIS
                  , alias 
NORRIS





            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  , alias 
SALE





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July
, eighteen yards of ribbon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Maycock
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MAYCOCK
               



            . I live at 64, Broad-street, St. Giles's, in the parish of St. Giles's in the Fields


. On the 26th of July, the two prisoners came to my shop about seven in the morning, my apprentice was sweeping out the shop, they wanted to look at some ribbons, and they both looked at some plain ribbons a considerable while I took out a drawer of figured ribbons, they looked at various patterns; Davis took up a piece of pink ribbon, she said buy this, it is a pretty one; Norris declined it; I took out the plain drawer again, she at last chose a piece and had a yard, and paid five pence for it, they then left my shop.
Q. At the time that they left your shop had you any knowledge that you had missed any thing - A. No, not in the least; I put the plain drawer in its place, and in putting the figured ribbon drawer to rights; I missed the piece that Davis picked out: I desired my apprentice to go after them, he did, and brought them back; I desired them to leave the ribbon that they had stolen; Davis, after hesitating a great while, took out of her pocket a piece of buff, that was not the piece that I had missed nor did I know that they had got that. I said to my apprentice go for a constable. He immediately went out, I went and bolted the door. They offered to pay me for the ribbon, Davis said she would pay for it; I told them that was not the way I would settle it. They then said they would go out;I begged they would remain quiet till the constable came, upon which Davis came to the door where I was standing, and beat me over my head. I at length got hold of both her hands, and held her fast. Then Norris came and beat me, their blows were pretty heavy on me; this lasted until 
               
                  Jane 
                  Harris
               



            , my servant, came up to me, she rescued me. I looked at the door, there were a number of people about my shop, I saw a person among them whom I knew, I called him in, my boy brought a constable, and he took them to the watch-house, I followed them there.
JAME HARRIS. I am servant to Mr. Maycock, I came into the shop, Mr. Maycock was standing against the door to prevent the prisoners from going out; they asked the demand for the ribbon, he said they must wait until the constable came. I waited untill the constable came.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable, I took the two prisoners in custody at Mr. Maycock's shop, this piece of ribbon Mr. Maycock produced to me, and when I was taking them out of the shop, this piece of pink ribbon was picked up and given to me. The person that picked it up informed me in the prisoner Davis' hearing, that she dropped it. At the watch-house I searched them, in the apron of 
               Norris
             I found this piece of drab.
Norris's Defence. I cannot say how the ribbon came in my lap.
Davis's Defence. I did not take any thing.
NORRIS, GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of two shillings only
            .
DAVIS, GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 3 s. 6 d. only
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
