





1005. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEDMINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 10th of May
, feloniously did cut, with intent to steal, 150lbs. of lead, value 26s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foster
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to their dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building, instead of a dwelling-house.
THIRD COUNT, For stealing the said lead, stating it to be fixed to a building belonging to the said persons.


                  RICHARD 
                  WARD
               



            .. I had the care of the house, No. 1, Palmer's-terrace, Islington


. On the 11th of May I was called up by the watchman, and found the prisoner in custody. The lead was completely cut from the gutters, and over the window.


                  THOMAS 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a watchman. I had just called twelve o'clock, and heard the patrol call out watch! I ran, when I got to Palmer's-terrace, they said a man had ran into the garden. I saw a person go up the steps of the house, and I found the prisoner concealed behind the bottle-rack. I took him. On lifting him up I found he had no shoes on. I asked him what he did there? he said he had just dropped down there to go to sleep. Iasked him where his shoes were? he said he had been ill used by several people, and they had thrown his shoes away. I gave him in charge of Cox, went to the roof of the building, found the gutters cut all to pieces, and the lead lying near them. I found a chisel at the back of the building, and part of a pair of sheep shears, with which he might have cut the lead. It weighed 157 lbs.; some of which was ready to be thrown down.


                  DAVIS 
                  COX
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner found behind the building; he said he had been thrown over the wall, and that he had lost his shoes. I observed his hand in his pocket, and asked him what he had got there? he said a pair of shoes - He took them out - They fitted him.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and denied the charge; he said he had been out drinking with a strange party, that a dispute had arisen about the reckoning, and they had thrown him over the wall-he was not bruised. He said he supposed they must have put his shoes in his pocket.


                  WILKES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am patrol. I was going by the house a little after twelve o'clock at night, I turned round and saw two men on the building, when they heard me they droppsd from the leads, which were eight feet high. They got off the roof on to a bow-window, and from there on the ground, ran through the yard; before I could get up to them one got over the wall; I went back for the other, he could not get out at front, and ran towards the back again. I found him behind the bottle-rack. He said he had been in liquor, and did not know how he got there-he had no marks of violence on him. I went on the roof, found the lead cut to pieces, and part on the parapet, ready to be thrown down. I am sure he is one of the men.


                  RICHARD 
                  TARRANT
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors; their names are rightly stated in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Holloway, got into company, and had not enough to pay my reckoning. As we came home the party ill used me; I got over the wall out of their way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
