





414. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, stealing, on the 2nd of March
, a great coat, value 1l
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Nixon
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  NIXON
               



            . I am a soldier in the Staffordshire militia
. My coat was taken from the Black Lion public-house, in Vinegar-yard, near Drury-lane Theatre


. On the 2nd of March, I took my coat to the Black Lion to get my comrade to help me roll it; my comrade was not there. I laid my coat on the bench, and called for a pint of beer. After I had been in the tap-room a few minutes, I left my coat on the bench; I went into the yard, and when I returned my coat and the prisoner was gone. On the next morning. I went to the barracks, and told the Serjeant; he took me to Mary-le-bone watchhouse. I found the prisoner and the coat there. I am sure that is the coat that belongs to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a Serjeant in the regiment. On the morning of the 3rd of March, Mr. Piall reported that he had a man in the watchhouse with a coat on belonging to the regiment. When I saw the prisoner at the watchhouse he had Nixon's coat on.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PIALL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watchhouse on another charge, on the night of the 2nd of March; he had this coat on. Nixon came and owned the coat.
Nixon. It is my coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of using the Black Lion, I told Piall, Nixon lent me the coat.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
