






8. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPYERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , about twelve o'clock in the night of 5th of November
, at the parish of St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, twenty-five stockings, value 18s.; five night gowns, value 10s.; two napkins, value 1s.; one petticoat, value 6d.; two table-cloths, value 2s.; one pair of drawers, value 2s., and ten towels, value 5s.
            , his property.


                  MARY 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Carter
               



            ; we live in Newman-street


. I am a laundress. On the 5th of November, about ten o'clock at night. I left the things in the wash-house, at the bottom of the yard, and padlocked the door. I got up about a quarter before six o'clock the next morning, it was light, and found a square of glass taken out of the bottom of the window, by which means they had opened the window, and taken the linen out. I found part of the property at the constable's.

EDWARD HARCUM. I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoners and bundle.
JOHN WALKER, I am a labourer. On the 6th of November, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners coming down the road, each with a bundle, about a quarter of a mile from the house; I was with another man, but he would not assist me in taking them. As I returned I met Smith again, and took his bundle from him, it was wet - He said he was going to get it mangled; as we were going on with him we met Spyers, without his bundle, and took him; he had a bundle of dry linen when we first met him. We went down to a boat, and found a quantity of other linen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  PATEY
               



            . I am a labourer. I saw the bundle taken from Smith-the water was dropping from it-it was dirty; he said he found it in a hedge in the New Cut - He afterwards said he was going to take it to the mangler's. They denied knowing each other several times, and afterwards said they were going together to see who the things belonged to. I found another bundle of linen in the boat. I had seen the prisoners together about that boat, in company, for several days before.
SMITH'S Defence. I found the bundle; I know nothing of the other prisoner.
SPYERS' Defence. The things that I had were my own.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 16.
SPYERS - GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value 39s. but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Barron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
