






975. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     M'CARTHY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHEA
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, one pair of breeches, value 10s.; one watch, value 2l.; one seal, value 5s.; one key, value 2d., and one 2l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dove
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT against the said Mary M'Carthy, the same as the first.
THIRD COUNT against the said Thomas Shea, for feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods, he well knowing them to have been stolen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOVE
               



            . I am a servant
, and live in Northumberland-place. On the 16th of May, about twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner, M'Carthy, in Orchard-street, and went home with her to Calmell-buildings


, and staid all night with her. At half-past four o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, Shea, came up to the door to call somebody up. I awoke, and missed my breeches and watch, a 2l. note, and 10s. in silver-M'Carthy was then in the room; I do not know that she had left me. When I missed them, she said somebody must have broken into the room. The door was fastened with a fork. The watchman came up-the prisoner, Shea, was the watchman
. I told him of the robbery. He said he would lend me a pair of pantaloons at half-past five o'clock, when he came off the watch; he did so. I went into Hinde-street, where I had lived before, exchanged the pantaloons, gave him 3d. for the use of his, and told him to make inquiry about my property. On Sunday night I went to his box to look for him, and found the constable of the night there instead of him. The constable of the night said he knew all about it, and took me to Mr. Draper's, in Oxford-street. I saw two 1l. notes, which had been left there.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I had been drinking. I had left my place in Hinde-street that evening.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMECROFT
               



            . I am sergeant of the night. I was going my rounds in Oxford-street, I saw some bad girls, and heard of the robbery; I went in search of the property, and found two 1l. notes at Draper's. I then went to the prisoner Shea, who was on duty, and took him to the watch-house; he was searched, and the watch found on him. This was on the 17th of May, between twelve and one o'clock at night.


                  JOHN 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



            . I keep the King and Queen, public-house, the corner of Duke-street and Oxford-street. On the 17th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner Shea came and asked me to give him two 1l. notes for 2l., which I did.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a publican, and live in Oxford-street. On the 17th of May, the prisoner, M'Carthy, came and had a glass of liquor, she then gave me two 1l. notes to take care of for her until the next day, as she said she might lose them. I objected to take them at first, but afterwards took them.


                  JAMES 
                  BUBLE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 18th of May, at nine o'clock at night, I succeeded the prisoner, Shea; the first thing that I found on opening his watch-box, was the prosecutor's breeches.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was on duty at the watch-house when Shea was brought in. I insisted on searching him, he produced the watch from his waistcoat-pocket, and said he bought it of M'Carthy, and had agreed to give her 1l. for it, on the next day. I asked him if he knew anything of the 2l. note? after hesitating a short time, he acknowledged having changed it at the corner of Duke-street. I produce the notes and property.


                  JOHN 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



             re-examined. Here is the 2l. note I received of the prisoner, Shea; and these are the two 1l. notes that I gave him.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAPER
               



            . They are the two notes M'Carthy left with me.
WILLIAM DOVE. The breeches and watch are mine. I cannot swear to the note.
M'CARTHY'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
M'CARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SHEA - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
On the
First Count.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
