





330. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     FOSKEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of June
, two gowns, value 10 s. and one candlestick, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ward
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a widow. I keep the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill




. On Friday morning, the 19th of June, about six in the morning, the porter saw the prisoner in the coffee-room. I can only speak to the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am porter to Mrs. Ward. On Friday morning, about a quarter before six, it is usual to call the passengers for the Exeter coach. When I came into the coffee-room, I saw the prisoner walking from the side-board. I asked her what she wanted. She asked me if she could get any thing to drink. I told her, no; the waiter was not there. She asked me if she could get any thing at the tap. I asked her where she was going: she said, Exeter. She went out of the coffee-room towards the tap. Instead of going into the tap, she went out of the wicket at the gate. I did not much like the look of the woman. I went into the kitchen I had seen six or seven pair of boots there; on the evening before they were all right. I looked at the clothes-horse; I recollected there were some clothes there on the evening. I missed some of the clothes. I pursued the prisoner; on Snow-hill I saw her talking to a watchman. I laid hold of her arm and took her to the watchhouse. I found these two gowns upon her; and after searching her some time a candlestick dropped from her clothes. These are the gowns, and this is the candlestick.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHALLIS
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre's. On the 19th of February, a quarter before six, the last witness made application to me to take the prisoner into custody, to search for some property that he suspected she had taken from the Saracen's Head, Snow Hill. On searching her, in the tail of her gown, I found these two gowns, and the candlestick dropped from her clothes.
Prosecutrix. These two gowns and the candlestick are my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I went down the gateway. I was going to see two persons off by the Exeter coach. It was better than half after six in the morning. As I went down the yard I met a man with a load. He offered me the bundle. I know no more of it than you do.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
