






983. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gaulter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAULTER
               



            . I am a printer
, and live in the City-road. On the 27th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was going towards Holborn; as I was crossing Giltspur-street, the officer told me I had lost my handkerchief - I missed it; I had felt it safe when I was in Newgate-street - he had Evans in custody; I saw it in Evans's hand. I had seen Evans looking into the confectioner's shop in Newgate-street, while I was there.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROMLEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 27th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming along Skinner-street, and observed the two prisoners lurking about the door of an oil-shop, which made me watch them. They came into Newgate-street; Mr. Gaulter came out of a pastrycook's shop. They passed the door before he came out, and returned again. Wright came back, and left Evans standing towards Cheapside. Immediately as Mr. Gaulter passed, Wright turned round and fellowed him. Evans came up to him-they walked together, and Wright put his hand into Mr. Gaulter's coat-pocket, took out the handkerchief, and gave it to Evans. I seized Evans with it in his hand-Wright turned up towards Giltspur-street Compter. I called out stop thief! - He was secured immediately. Evans got from me; he was stopped immediately.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
EVANS'S Defence. Necessity compelled me to commit the offence.
WRIGHT'S Defence. Necessity compelled me to do it.
EVANS. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
WRIGHT. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
