





884. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, two 5 l. and eight 1 l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Uriah 
                     Bryant
                  




               
            .
URIAH BRYANT. I am a tinman
, and live in Beech-street, Barbican


. On the 5th of May the prisoner bought several things at my shop, which were to be sent to No. 91, Moffat-street, City Road. He came again on the 10th, and had other things, which came altogether to 12 l. 1 s. 8 d. He told me to come on Thursday morning, the 14th of May, at ten o'clock, and he would pay me. I went, and he was out. I was told to call again at three, which I did; I called again at nine o'clock; and saw him. He said,
"I cannot settle your bill, unless you change me a 30 l. note," I said I could; he then said he could not settle with me until the next morning at ten o'clock. I went again - he put me off till three, I then saw him in his back parlour - he asked me if I had got change for the 30 l. note? I said Yes. He told me to write the receipt. He took out his pocket-book, and said,
"I have not got my 30 l. note here, I must go up stairs for it." I had put two 5 l. and eight 1 l.notes on his table with the receipt. He took them up, and went up stairs with them. At the same time his shoemaker, who was there, left the room - I remained alone. Instead of returning into the parlour to me, he ran straight out of the house. I followed, and saw him run out of the side-door of the Crown and Sceptre, public-house - I stopped him, and asked him for his 30 l. or my 18 l. He said,
"My good fellow, you shall have your 30 l. note in fifteen minutes, if you will go with me to the King of Prussia, public-house." I went and waited about twenty minutes; he sent for somebody, the person returned, and said he was not at home - I waited there an hour. I had occasion to leave the place for about a minute; on my return I found he was gone. I ran to his house and several other places, and in about half an hour I found him in the garden of the King of Prussia; I asked him for my 18 l. - he said,
"My good fellow, you are frightened at your own shadow! it is of no use for you to have your 18 l., you will have the whole presently." He had a bill for 29 l. in his hand, and said if he were to give me this bill he should be under an arrest. He put it on the table, I said,
"That is of no use to me." I returned with him to the Crown and Sceptre. I saw a friend, and beckoned him over. I got an officer, and gave him in charge. He was searched at Worship-street, after a great resistance - my notes and receipt were found on him, but no 30 l. note.
Q. Had you agreed to take any thing in exchange for the 18 l. but the 30 l. note - A. Nothing.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he not give you the bill - A. No. I had no idea of discounting the bill for him. I did not take it up. I neither drank nor sat down with him.


                  THOMAS 
                  RHODES
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to the Crown, public-house, in Moffat-street, and went to the prisoner's house in Moffat-street; I told him I had been sent for to apprehend him for robbing Mr. Bryant; he asked me to produce my authority. I produced my staff - he asked for my warrant. I said I had none. He threatened me, and pushed me out of the house. I went for assistance - he came into the public-house, and I took him into custody, and took him to the office; he resisted very much, and said, as there was no magistrate on the bench he would not be searched, and what he had about him was his own. I at last searched him, with assistance, and found a pocket-book, with twenty-eight duplicates, a bill of exchange for 29 l. 14 s., and Bryant's receipt for 12 l., in it.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I assisted in searching the prisoner, and found two 5 l. and eight 1 l. notes in his fob.


                  URIAH 
                  BRIANT
               



            . I can swear to one of the notes.
Prisoner's Defence. My wife bought some goods of him, I afterwards went, he took me into his parlour, and we agreed to go out on Sunday in a chaise. He said he would discount me a bill, I called, told him the bill was ready, he came, and I gave it to him; we drank tea together, and while we were at tea the officer came, and I was taken to the office.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
