





833. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23d of July
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goding
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Goding
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by them to receive money and bank notes for them, that he being such clerk, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession a bank note for the sum of 10 l. for and on their account, and that he did afterwards embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
And OTHER COUNTS, for embezzling different bank notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



            . I keep the Bricklayer's Arms, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square. I know the prisoner, he was collecting clerk
 to Messrs. Goding's,Knightsbridge; he was in the habit of calling and receiving money of me for Messrs. Goding's by brewers

. On the 23d of July, he called upon me, I paid him ten pounds,

Q. 
            You publicans are in the habit of keeping a check-book - A. Yes; this is my check-book; the entries are in his hand-writing. There is an other writing in the book but his. I have seen him write often.
"July 23, by cash 10 l." That is his handwriting, I believe, from my own knowledge of his hand-writing. Here is a stamp receipt on the blotting paper. It is wafered on the blotting paper for the same sum.
"Cannon brewhouse, Knightsbridge. July 23, 1814, received 10 l. A. Soper." I am sure the receipt is his hand-writing.


                  THOMAS 
                  GODING
               



            . Q. I believe you carry on the business of a brewer at Knightsbridge - A. Yes, my partner's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Goding
               



            . I have no other partner. The prisoner was my collecting-clerk four years and a half. He was so in the month of July last. When he went out to receive monies this is the book in which it was his duty to make the entries of all monies he received. He had a book besides; he ought to made an entry in that book besides, at the time he received it; then he would bring his pocket-book into the accompting-house, and make the entry in that book of money he had received, and also his expences of what he had expended.
Q. Then on the footing of that book he would have to pay what money he had received, and take the money that he had expended - A. Yes.
Q. Does that book contain any account of monies received on the 23d of July - A. It does not.
Q. I observe there is sixpence expended at Mr. Haines, the prosecutor - A. I allowed sixpence or a shilling, or two shillings, just as he thought necessary. 
               
                  John 
                  Yandell
               



             is the cashier who would have received it.

Q. 
            Did he ever accompt to you for that ten pound - A. He did not accompt to me; his usual course would be to accompt to Mr. Yandall; he generally signs the book for the money he receives for his expences.

Q. 
            When did the prisoner quit your service - A. I discharged him on the 3d of August, when I discovered this.
Q. At the time that he quitted your service and left his book, did you ask him whether he had any other sum not accounted for - A. I did. I taxed him closely with this; he sat down, and wrote a number of names that he had not accounted for. I asked him to what amount he had gone; he said he was about two hundred pounds deficient.


                  JOHN 
                  YANDELL
               



            . I am cashier at Messrs. Godings. This book is the prisoner's hand writing.
Q. Did the prisoner account to you for the ten pounds received on the 23d of July - A. Never. If he had accounted for it, it would have been in that book.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
