





379. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 10th of December, 1809, at the Parish Church of St. George, Hanover-square, took to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Life
                        



                     
                  , that he afterwards, at the parish church of St. Andrew, Holborn, took to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Sarah Catherine 
                           Bailey
                        



                     
                  , Elizabeth his first wife being then alive
            .


                  ALLEN 
                  DANCEY
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I have known the prisoner near four years.
Q. Did you know 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Life
               



             - A. Yes; I was present at the marriage of those two, at St. George's church, Hanover-square, on the 10th of December, 1809.
Q. Were you well acquainted with both of them - A. Not particularly acquainted with them, only seeing them at the Duke of Portland's.
Q. Did you know their persons so as not to make any mistake - A. Yes. I knew them a short time after they were married. They lived together as man and wife.
Q. Was she a single woman at the time - A. I believe so; she passed as such


                  SARAH 
                  CHATHERINE BAILEY
               



            . Q. Have you gotthe certificate of the prisoner's first marriage - A. Yes. I got it at St. George's church, Hanover-square.
Q. Did you compare it with the register book - A. I did: it is an exact copy. That is a true copy of the register. The clerk of the church read the register to me. I looked at the copy. This is exactly what he read to me. (The copy of the register read) This is the certificate of my marriage at St. Andrew's church, Holborn, the 14th of December, 1812. I was positively married by 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price
               



            , by banns, publicly in the church.
Q. Who was present at your marriage - A. Nobody at all. The clerk gave me away.
Q. You never examined that with the book - A. No, I did not, because I knew that was true.
Q. to 
               
                  Allen 
                  Dancey
               



            . Do you know the person of the first wife - A. Yes; she was living on the 17th of last March.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               GUILTY
             aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
