





287. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  SETAN, alias 
CLARKE





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 46 s. in monies numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           James
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a soldier in the 1st Regiment of Guards
. On the 12th of January, I met the prisoner in Holborn, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night - I went with her to a house in Charles-street, Drury-lane


; she said the room was her own. In the night she left me. I missed 46 s. out of my pocket. Next day I met her, and gave her in charge - she denied it. When we got to the watch-house, she said she robbed me of 5 s., and gave part of it to another woman. The landlord of the public-house where I took her gave me four half-crowns and a new crown-piece. I had lost one crown-piece and ten half-crowns.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner at the Three Compasses, public-house, in Drury-lane. I found two half-crowns, a 6 d., and 8 d. on her. She said she gave some of the money to another girl. We took the other girl up. The prisoner said she gave her the regulars, which she said meant half the money. The girl said she had only half-a crown. Another girl occupied the room.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am landlord of the Three Compasses. On the 13th of January, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came in and had some gin, went out, returned, had some more gin, and gave me two half-crowns - she threw two others out of her bosom. She afterwards treated a man, and paid me a crown piece - I refused to change it - she was rather fresh. In the afternoon I heard she was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
