





243. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 12th of January
, one portmanteau, value 5s. one coat, value 1l, one gold ring, value 1l. and three bank notes for payment, of ten pounds each, value 30l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Judd
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SNEE
               



            , esq. I reside at Knightsbridge, opposite to the officers quarters. When I was getting up in the morning, of the 12th of January, I saw something lying in my garden, apparently as if it had been thrown over the wall. It was this portmanteau; it was locked, but the end was cut, and wrenched open, so as to admit a persons hand into it. I told my people to try to get something out of it, if there were anything; and a taylor's bill and receipt to a Lieutenant Judd were got out of it. I delivered it to an officer immediately after breakfast.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLIS
               



            . Mr. Snee delivered that portmanteau to me on the morning of the 12th of January. It was locked, but open at both ends. It was empty, all but a bill and receipt of Captain
 Judd's, and a knife which Mr. Snee delivered to me.


                  STEPHEN 
                  JUDD
               



            . I belong to the Berkshire Militia. I took a place to go by the Andover coach. I left this portmanteau, at the coach-office; that bill and receipt were in the portmanteau, and one a bill and receipt from my taylor. I slept at the Angel Inn, St. Clements


, where the coach set off from on the night of the 11th, and left that inn in the coach; on the morning of the 12th, I never missed my portmanteau until I got to Andover. I returned to town again on Sunday morning. I went to Bow-street on the Monday, but could get no tidings of my things; but on my going on the Wednesday, I saw some of my things, and this portmanteau.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRINT
               



            . I am porter of the Angel-inn, St. Clement's. I was so on the 12th of January last. I remember giving that portmanteau to the coachman, and he strapped it to the back part of the roof of the coach, with other luggage, and a large leather was over them all, to keep the weather from them. I gave the coachman his weigh bill at half past five precisely.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALTERS
               



            . On the 12th of January, I was coachman to the Salisbury coach, and took Captain Judd as a passenger that morning. I re-remember strapping that portmanteau to the back part of the roof of the coach. I delivered the coach to another coachman at Overton, ten miles on this side Andover.


                  JOHN 
                  PERCIVAL
               



            . I am the driver of the hackney coach 189. On the morning of the 12th, I was at a stand by Berkeley-square, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and I was hailed by another coachman. The prisoner at the bar was in his coach. He had two great bundles with him. He ordered me to drive to No. 40, Chancery-lane. When we got to the top of the Hay-market, he asked me if I would have any thing to drink. He sat in the coach, and a quartern of rum was brought. He sat in the coach and gave me a token like an eighteen-penny token, but it was not one. I offered it to the landlord and he would not take it. The prisoner then looked over his silver, and said he had no others. He then gave me the two halves of a ten pound note. The note was left with the landlord, and he let the prisoner have a poundsworth of siver upon it. Then I drove to the end of Chancery-lane, where he told me stop. He took out the bundles and went up the lane, and told me to stop until he returned to take him back; but the officer Wainright afterwards came to me, and told me to go about my business.


                  JOHN 
                  BATHE
               



            . I am landlord of the Royal Standard in the Hay-market. I recollect the coach stopping at my house on the morning of the 12th of January. The coachman brought in a one and six-penny country token. I would not take it; it was silver. I should not know it again; he went out again and brought in two halves of a ten pound note. I gave twenty shillings in silver for it. I pasted the halves together, and was applied to for it, at about nine o'clock that morning, and then gave it up.


                  JAMES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a lodger at the Hole in the Wall, Chancery-lane. On the morning of the12th of January, I saw the prisoner at the bar going in, it was at about half past seven; I did not see where he came from; I saw him with the two bundles; I followed him in; he put them on the table, and asked the servant girl to let him leave them there for a few minutes, and that he would return again, for he was going to take them on board a ship. He went out immediately, and I looked at him as he went out. I thought he was not a sailor, and examined the bundles. I sent a young man for a officer, and gave an account of what I observed. I saw the prisoner again, brought in by Wainwright, the officer, in half an hour.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am a patrole of Bow-street. I went to the Hole in the Wall, and in consequence of something I saw there. I apprechended the prisoner; he was a few yards from the door; I found four Jersey tokens in the prisoner's pocket; one small Irish ten-penny piece, half a guinea, and a seven shilling piece; I took two ten-pound notes and the ring from one of the bundles; the general contents of the bundles were, the coat Captain Judd has now on, handkerchiefs, stockings, boots, and windsor soap. As I was taking the prisoner to the watchhouse, he told me he had changed a ten-pound note some where in Piccadilly; but he did not remember the house; in consequence of that, I got the ten-pound note from Bathe.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Captain Judd. I had several Jersey tokens, and some Irish tokens also, a half guinea, and a seven-shilling piece. All the property in the portmanteau might be worth sixth pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been in the country to seek for work, and coming through Knightsbridge, between six and seven o'clock in the morning; I saw a man walk away from this property; he was stooping down over it, and as I came towards him he ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
