





1493. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, one watch, value 2 l., and one seal, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Rice
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RICE
               



            . On the 9th of June, about twenty minutes before two o'clock in the morning, I was in Crown-street, Finsbury-square - I am a watchman, and was on duty. The prisoner ran up to me, and said,
"How do you do, Mr. Rice?" I said
"I was very well." She then said,
"How does your wife do?" I said she was very ill, and at the point of death; she followed me down the street to the top of Long-alley


. I put my lanthorn on my box - she stood still; I told her to go about her business, and not stand there. A coach came by, and she said there was a coach - I told her to go about her business. The moment the coach passed she ran against me, and took the watch out of my fob - I was suspicious of her; I had known her seven years. I pursued her immediately, but she escaped. Next day I went to look for her, and found that she lodged at No. 5, Cowheel-alley, Whitecross-street. I charged her with stealing my watch, but she denied it. I said,
"You know you took it in a moment." She said,
"Well I did take it in a moment, for if I have business to do I don't take half an hour to do it." The mistress of the house said,
"Give the old man his watch" - she said she had not got it; she would not tell me where she had pawned it. I fetched an officer, returned, and she was gone. I was not able to find her until the 12th of October, when she was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it. I met him that night, and asked him how he did. Next morning I met him, and he asked me about it. I said I knew nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
