





1076. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREENWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, one watch, value 30s.; one chain, value 1d.; and two seals, value 6s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Searles
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEARLES
               



            . I am a turner
, and live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On the 1st of June, about half-past three o'clock in the morning, I went out. I was returning about half-past four o'clock - I was nearly opposite Thrawl-street, Brick-lane


, and was hustled by five or six men - I am sure the prisoner was one of them; I saw them together before. They came up - I had three young women with me who were friends; we had been to see my cousin off by the Bromley coach. The men took my watch from me - I felt it go. One of the young women ran after the man who took it. The prisoner was afterwards secured. I saw him at the watch-house - He said he was one of them.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SINFIELD
               



            . I live in Lamb-alley, Bishopsgate-street, and took a walk with Searle to see his cousin. Gregory and Leach were with me-Searles altered his mind and would not go - We went as far as Mile-end Turnpike. As we were returning down Brick-lane, five or six men crossed over from the other side - I am certain thatthe prisoner is one of them. He caught hold of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gre
               



            gory; Linch and Searles were together. A young man stooped under my arm, and shoved me against them. In half a minute Searles said his watch was gone. The prisoner said, "Oh no, it is not." A man ran across the road with it, at the same time Gregory crossed the road after him-the prisoner held her, and would not let her go; the man ran down the street with the watch. The prisoner then let us go, and when we got to the street he drove us back-they all held us. The prisoner said the man had run another way. Gregory fainted. I called out stop thief! The prisoner was taken while he was attempting to stop her mouth, to hinder her calling out - She came to, and laid hold of him. When he got to the watch-house, I said his name was Greenwood; he said it was Greenlaw - He afterwards said it was Greenwood.


                  ANN 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I was with them. Five or six men came up together and hustled us; I am sure the prisoner was one of them. Searles's watch was taken. I saw the man run across the road-the prisoner ran after me, and held me tight round the neck to prevent my following him - I fainted. When I came to, Linch had hold of the prisoner, who was standing by me. I am certain he is the man. I am a weaver.


                  MARY 
                  LINCH
               



            . I live in Long-alley, near the Tenter-ground. We were returning home-when we got to Brick-lane, five or six men ran up to us; one of them caught hold of Sinfield, and shoved against us. I laid hold of Searles's arm - They surrounded us-the prisoner held us close together. Searles said his watch was gone. My sister (Gregory) cried out, stop thief! they would not let us go after the man who took it. Gregory had nearly caught him, when the prisoner caught her by the neck-she fainted away. The prisoner said he was gone another way; the watchman came up, I seized the prisoner as one of them, and gave him in charge. I am sure he is the man who hustled us.
RICHARD CLARK. I am a watchman. I heard the noise, went up, and found Gregory fainting. Linch said the prisoner had robbed the young man of his watch - I took him to the watch-house. He struck me in the face, and made my nose bleed.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw Gregory and spoke to her; they said I was one of the men.




               Transported for Life
            . 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
