






324. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEATH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Furze
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FURZE
               



            . On the 6th of February, about one o'clock in the day, I was in Prince's-street, by the Bank


, and was rather hustled. I put my hand to my pocket, my handkerchief was then safe. I crossed Cornhill, got upon the boards by a board, and felt a person give my pocket a twitch, I turned round, and the prisoner, Smith, immediately jumped into the middle of the road. I called out Stop thief! and was pursuing him - a gentleman pointed to Heath, and said he had got the property. I pursued, and took Smith at the end of the Old Jury - I never lost sight of him. A gentleman came up, and said he saw him hand it to his accomplice. I never found it.


                  JOHN 
                  CASSIDAY
               



            . I was coming from Birchin-lane, and saw Smith hand the handkerchief to Heath, who immediately put it into his bosom. I pointed him out to the prosecutor, and said he had it from Smith. He pursued Smith; I also pursued him. I am sure Heath is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Heath was not taken until next day.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LEADBEATER
               



            . I am a marshalman. I was in Cornhill - the prosecutor pointed Smith out to me. I stopped him. Next day I received information of Heath, and took him at Saffron-hill.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HEATH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
