






318. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, 24 yards of printed cotton value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at 156, Ratcliffe-highway, St. George's in the East


. I am a linen draper
; I rent the whole house. On the 14th of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came into my shop both together. I was waiting upon another customer in the shop. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hopwood
               



             and Williams, they are both my servants, were in the shop; Williams I believe, served them, he is not here. After the prisoners left my shop, I received information from Solomon who lives on the other side of the way. I directed Hopwood to follow them, he brought them both back; I sent for an officer, Mr. Brown came, he searched them.
Q. Were there any goods produced by Brown which you knew to be yours - A. Yes, 24 yards of printed cotton; I knew it to be mine, it was in my hand when they came into the shop.


                  HENRY 
                  HOPWOOD
               



            . Q. Did you serve these women. - A. No, I was close to them, I saw them come in in company together, Williams served them. After they left the shop Solomon's boy came in, I followed them and overtook them in Denmark-street, about fifty yards from the shop. They were together standing against a wall; they both were holding some print in their hands, Smith was assisting Brown to put it under her gown. I took the print from them, and told them it was my master's property. I told them to walk back. I laid hold of Brown, and the other followed after. When the constable came my master gave charge of them for having stolen that print, then they begged to be let off.


                  JOHN 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I live opposite of Mr. Davis.
Q. Did you see the prisoners come out of Mr. Davis's shop - A. Yes, after they had gone three or four yards from the shop I saw the cotton drop from under Brown's cloak. I had some suspicion; I could not leave my shop I sent over to Mr. Davis, and gave him information.
ROBERT BROWN. Q. Were you sent for to take charge of these two women - A. Yes, Mrs. Davis accused them of stealing this piece of print; they said they had been into the shop to buy half a yard of calico, they said they had not taken it, and that they were much in liquor, they appeared sober; Mr. Davis told me I should take them away, they cried and ask'd forgiveness.
The property produced and identified.
Brown's Defence. The cotton was in my hand, the prisoner by the side of me knew nothing of it; she was persuading me to go back with it, and I was persuading her, I was intoxicated.

Smith's Defence. I went into the shop, and while I was there the other prisoner secreted it; I knew nothing of it; I went up Denmark-street I thought Brown was following of me. I looked back, she was standing up against the wall, and while I was talking to her the young man came up; I am quite innocent of it.
BROWN GUILTY, aged 26,
SMITH GUILTY, aged 32,




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
