





367. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     RICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Dennis Francis 
                           Humbert
                        




                     
                  , he and others of his family being therein, about the hour of three in the afternoon, on the 19th of March
, and stealing therein three spencers, value 30 s. a pelisse, value 15 s. a scarf, value 7 s. a frock, value 7 s. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of gloves, value 1 s. a yard of silk, value 2 s. two yards of silk, value 2 s. and half a yard of silknetting, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Francis Humbert
               



            .


                  DENNIS 
                  FRANCIS HUMBERT
               



            . I am a coal merchant
; I live in Wellclose-square, in the parish of St. George in the East


. On the 19th of March, while we were at dinner, about half past three o'clock in the afternoon, and the door was upon the latch; the prisoner contrived to come in the house unobserved; we were then removing from one house to another, that was the reason for the door being upon the latch. I observed somebody going out; I asked my servant if that was her going out; she answered, no, here I am. I told her to go and see who it was; she did, and in about twenty-five yards from the door she stopped the prisoner. She had my daughter's attire in her apron.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNBRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. The articles in the indictment I found upon the prisoner's person.


                  ESTHER 
                  MARIA
               



             HUMBERT. The scarf is mine; the whole of the articles were in my drawer in the bed room up two pair of stairs. I only saw the prisoner go out of the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress; my husband had left me. I was told my husband lodged in this house. A woman took me to this house to see for my husband in the three pair of stairs. The woman that was with me gave me the bundle; I being in liquor, took it.
Prosecutor. I never had any lodgers in my house.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
