





147. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FOOTMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of December
, four coach-glasses, value 2 l.
             the property of the Honorable


                  Alexander 
                  Maitland
               




            , esq.




                  CHARLES 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Green. I was coachman to General
 Maitland at the time the glasses were taken away. On the 2nd of December, I left the premises safe, and locked up; on the 3rd of December, in the morning, when I went I found the coach-house door open, and the four glasses taken away.


                  JOHN 
                  GWYER
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant. On the 3rd of December, the prisoner brought to me the four glasses, he asked me if I knew any body that bought coach-glasses; I asked how he came by them; he said, he found them. I took the glasses to Mr. Gladman, a frame-maker, in Drury-lane; I asked him fifty shillings for them; he bid me two pounds four shillings; I agreed to let him have them, and while he got the change he sent me over to a public-house, in the mean time he got two officers, and had me taken up to Bow-street office. The prisoner was waiting for me at the Queen's Head in Holly-street.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. A labouring man. I did not suspect they were stolen; he said, he found them.
Q. Coach glasses do not easily get out of a coach without hands - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GLADMAN
               



            . The glasses were brought to me for sale, on Friday, the 3rd of December; I stopped them, and sent for the officers. The man asked me thirty-six shillings for them; I gave thirty-four shillings for them, and got an officer and had the man taken in custody. These are the glasses.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 3rd of December, Mr. Gladman came to the office, he said there was a man came with the glasses, he asked but little for them. I went to the man and asked him where he got them; he said that he had them of a man of the name of Footman, he was at the Queen's Head in Holly-street; I went to Footman; he said he found them in Paddington fields.
Q. to Goodman. Is the lace on the frames like General Maitland's lace - A. It is like it; I cannot swear to it.
JURY. The lace on the frames correspond with the lace brought from General Maitland's house.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the glasses in a ditch in a field where the grand navigable Canal is cut in the Prince Regents park; there was a boy in the field feeding cows; I do not know him; I cannot call him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
