






1075. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     MEREDITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     SPAIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 34lbs. of tea, value 12l. 10s.; 28lbs. of sugar, value 1l.; 12lbs. of other sugar, value 12s. 6d., and 10lbs. of coffee, value 1l. 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Roadley 
                     Simpkin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Simpkin
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpkin
                  



               
            .
MR. EDWARD SIMPKIN. I am in partnership with 
               
                  George 
                  Roadley
               



             and John Simpkin, we are grocers and tea-dealers


, and live in Redcross-street, Cripplegate. On the 14th of July, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, Meredith, came to the shop, and ordered the goods stated in the indictment, for Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Thompson
               



            , No. 10, Grub-street; I was to make the trade allowance for them, as they were to sell again-she said they were for ready money. I sent them about eleven o'clock next morning with a permit in the name of Thompson, by her desire, as it was too late to obtain a permit that night; I agreed to send them at ten o'clock. About half-past ten o'clock Spain called to know why they were not sent; we told him we were too busy, and that they should be sent in half an hour, which was done; Jenkins, our porter, took them, with a strict charge not to leave them without the money, as they were strangers to us. I am certain the prisoners are the persons.


                  GEORGE 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I took the articles stated in the indictment about eleven o'clock, to deliver to Mr. Thompson, No. 10, Grub-street. When I got into Grub-street the prisoner, Spain, overtook me, and asked me if I was come from Messrs. Simpkins' with some goods for Mr. Thompson? he said he was coming after me about them, and that he had been there half an hour before. I asked him if he lived with Thompson, he said he lived in the street, and knew him. We went on together untill we got to Chapel-street, Grub-street, he then said, "Thompson lives up here." I went up with him to a door in Chapel-street, he said Thompson was going to open a shop there; I went in and saw a woman, whom I believe to be Meredith; she said, "here is the grocery come, I am very glad of it, as I, or we, very much wanted it." Spain and she helped me down with the goods. Meredith asked me if I had got the permit, bill, and receipt; I gave her the permit and bill, but kept the receipt, and asked her for the money, having been ordered not to leave them without the money. She said,"my husband is not within, he is at a public-house in Fore-street;" and told Splain to take me to him, that he might pay me. I should not have left the goods in the house unless I had been told that I was to receive the money of her husband; I meant to fetch them back if it was not paid. Spain took me to a public-house in Fore-street, kept by Edwards; I asked the landlord if a Mr. Thompson was there, or had been there - He said he knew uo such person. I took the bill out of Splain's hand, as I began to suspect, left him there, and ran back to secure the goods, but found the woman and goods gone - I ran all over the house, but could not find the goods. I returned and told my masters.
Q. When did you next see either of the prisoners - A.About two months after, on a Saturday, I saw the woman, running backward and forward in Wood-street, I thought I knew her, stoppsd her, and asked her if she had not lived in Grub-street; she said she never had, and asked where it was. I let her go, thinking she was not the person; two or three days after I saw her and Spain in custody at the Mansion-house, and knew Spain again very well. The goods have not been found.


                  JOHN 
                  SCULTHORPE
               



            . I am a printer, and live at No. 12, Chapel-street, Grub-street. On the 14th of July, in the afternoon, the prisoner, Meredith, came with a man to my house, took two parlours of me, at five shillings per week, and gave me a shilling as earnest - I let it to them for their own private use-it was the house Jenkins came to; the man took them in the name of Spellman. I went out, when I returned the two prisoners came, I delivered them the key, and they took it away. Meredith said they had been disappointed in getting a cart to bring their furniture, but that she expected it in the morning.
MEREDITH. Q. Did you see me - A. You are the woman. I am certain of both of them. They never came again.MEREDITH'S Defence. They have spoken falsely. I do not know where Mr. Simpkin lives.
MR, SIMPKIN re-examined. I never doubted her being the person.
MEREDITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
SPAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
