





644. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MASON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, two pair of shoes, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jessop
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jessop
               



            .


                  PETER 
                  MAIN
               



            . I am shopman to James and Joseph Jessop, shoemakers

, in the Minories


. On Monday the 23d of March, between ten and eleven in the morning, the prisoner came into my master's shop, saying that he had a friend going to Gibraltar, and he wished to look at a sample of men's shoes-that he should want five or six dozen; five pair were looked out for him - I went with him to the King's-head, in the Tower; he said, his friend was there. When we got there, he said, we should have to wait a few minutes; he called for a pint of porter - He went out before it was brought, saying, he was going up stairs to see for his friend - He returned to me in a few minutes, saying, I was to give him part of the sample and he would take it up stairs to his friend; I gave him two pairs. Suspecting him, I looked to see which way he went, instead of going up stairs, he turned out of the door and went up the rampart stairs, which were by the side of the public-house. I pursued; he turned and saw me, and he told me, not to be afraid, as he would be back in a minute. I returned to the tap-room for what I had left there. I then went up the ramparts, and saw nothing of him; I ran and caught sight of him in the Old Mint, about 100 yards from me - I pursued till he got to Tower-hill, and there took him with the property.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I called Stop thief after him - He never stopped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
