





1280. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 6 d., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Turner 
                           Parry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER PARRY
               



            . I live in Colebrook-row, Islington. On the 10th of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was near the top of the City-road


, returning home; Hunt's prossession was coming, and I tucked my ribbon and seals out of sight. I observed two or three people particularly active, and a bustle in the crowd, and in about a minute I missed my watch - next morning Ward brought it to me. I could not discover any person in particular.


                  FRANCIS 
                  WARD
               



            . I am constable of Holborn. I was in the City-road while the mob were waiting for the procession; there was a hue and cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running from a gentleman who had lost his watch - I seized him; he said he had not got the gentleman's watch, or any other watch. He made a great resistance. I said,
"You need not resist, if you have no watch, you will come to no harm." I took him into the City Arms, searched him, and found three watches on him. He gave me two from his left-hand pocket - the third he pulled from his right side, and threw it under the bench, which the prosecutor claimed; he said he found them tied up in a handkerchief - I asked him where the handkerchief was? He said he did not know. When I brought him out, a gang endeavoured to rescue him. I was in great danger.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a lad drop a parcel, picked it up, and found it was the watches.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
