






834. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     WORNUM
                  



               
            , widow

, and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     WORNUM
                  




               
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, four sheets, value 20 s.; 10 shirts, value 50 s.; 27 pair of stockings, value 12 s.; 26 towels, value 10 s., and one handkerchief, value 1 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wynyard
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am servant to General


                  Henry 
                  Wynyard
               



            , who lives in Upper Brook-street, Grosvenor-square


; the elder prisoner had the charge of my master's house during his absence from town, which was from the 21st of June to the 6th of May - her daughter was to be with her; on our return we missed this property, which had been locked up.


                  JOHN 
                  KINDELL CHEESE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Chandler-street, Grosvenor-square. I have a quantity of articles which were pledged by the younger prisoner - she said she lived in James-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Duke-street. I have twenty-four towels, thirteen pair of stockings, and a handkerchief, which the younger prisoner pledged with me in the name of King. She sometimesgave her address in South-street, and sometimes in James-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  WALE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners at the Green Man and Still, public-house, in Coppice-row, on the 12th of May - the elder prisoner denied all knowledge of the transaction; the other said she took the things, and told where she had pledged them. She said she got at them by the key of a door in the house.
C. WORNUM, spinster - GUILTY. Aged 13.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
C. WORNUM, widow - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
