






674. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FOX
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Moore
                        




                     
                  , at about the hour of three in the afternoon of the 22nd of April
,(Maria, his wife, and 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Edwards
                     



                  , in the same dwelling-house then being,) and stealing therein, two pictures, value 1l. and two silver tea-spoons, value 2s. the property of the said William Moore
            .


                  MARIA 
                  MOORE
               



            . These things were in our front parlour. I had not been in that parlour the whole day. On going in, after I had received some information, I missed the property in question; very shortly afterwards, I saw the property, and the prisoners in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a blue-maker. On the 22nd of April, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon. I saw the prisoners; they were going in a direction towards the prosecutor's house. When they got up to it, they looked in at the parlour window; the little one shoved the window up, and went in; he did not remain in a minute, before he came out again; he brought nothing out. Then they walked up and down. Then they came back again, and the little one went in again; he brought something to the window, which he gave to Fox, and which he put into his right hand coat, pocket. Then he handed the pictures out. I gave an alarm, and caused them to be stopped; we followed them, and apprehended them in a field, about thirty yards from the prosecutor's house. The pictures were dropped, and the spoons were picked up in a direction in which Fox ran.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . Corroborated the testimony of the last witness.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
The Prisoners in Defence. We leave it to the mercy of the Court.
THE COURT, in charging the Jury, told them that if the window was in any degree open, before it was raised by the prisoners, that circumstances would take off the capital part of the charge.
GRIFFITHS, GUILTY, aged 13,




               Of stealing, only
            .





               Sent to the Refuge
            .
FOX, GUILTY, aged 17,




               Of stealing, only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
