





717. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, one watch, value 12 s.; one seal, value 6 d., and one key, value 2 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Adcock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  ADCOCK
               



            . On the 17th of April, about twelve o'clock in the day, while the funeral procession of the late Colonel 
               Herries
             was passing, I got on the step of a door at the corner of Quality-court, Chancery-lane


. I had not been there many minutes before a person sprang from the crowd, and seized two men who were in front of me. Immediately upon his seizing them, I heard something fall on the pavement, and the breaking of glass. I looked down, and saw my watch lying there. I stooped to pick it up, but before I could reach it, the person who had seized the men had let one of them go, and picked it up. I claimed it, and assisted in taking the prisoner, who was the other, to the office. I did not feel it go.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. I went down Chancery-lane with the procession, and observed a man (not the prisoner) with the watch in his hand. I saw him turn his back to the procession, and reach the watch over to the prisoner, who took it, and concealed it under his coat. I seized them both, and heard the watch drop. I let the other go, and picked it up at the prisoner's feet - the other man ran away, and got off. I never let the prisoner go. I am sure I saw him receive the watch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I stopped to look at the funeral, and the gentleman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
