






937. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     ANTHONY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October, 1815

, two spoons, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Sunshine
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  HARRIET, the wife
 of Samuel Garva
               




            , was indicted for 


               receiving the same, on the same day, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  Charlotte 
                  Anthony
               






               pleaded GUILTY
            .





               Fined 1s. and discharged
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SHUNSHINE
               



            . In October, in the last year, I lived in Creswell-street



, with my father, Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Shunshine
               



            . I missed a table spoon, a tea spoon, and four desert spoons that were my father's, that was in the beginning of October, in the last year. I questioned 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Anthony
               



             about them, and she told me she had taken them to 
               
                  Harriet 
                  Garva
               



            , the fortune teller
. I learned something which led me to the prisoner at the bar. She lived in Fryingpan-alley, Petticoat-lane. She has a private room there, and makes bonnets
 and tell fortunes. I told her I wanted my fortune told. She told me of my fortune, and she told me of my loss; she told me I had lost something of value, and that it was plate. I told her that she had told me pretty true, and she described the person who had stolen it, which description answered Charlotte Anthony. I told her that she Garva had received it. Upon which, she swore bitterly that she knew nothing of the property. I told her I was certain she had it, and had disposed of it in some sort of a way; and all I wanted was the duplicate, or a direction to the place where she had sold it. She then declared that she had not a duplicate in the house but what belonged to herself. She then went out of the room, and locked me in for a few minutes. I then told her all I wanted was the duplicates. I then told her that if I did not obtain them, I should take other means; and she let me out of the room, and I left her. In about half an hour afterwards, she came to my house with the duplicates. I don't know how she came to know where to find me. I perceived that they were dated on the day she brought them, quite fresh; it was the 17th of October. When she produced them, she said, there are the duplicates, and she said that Charlotte had brought them to her, meaning my niece. She said that Charlotte brought her the spoons. I did not go to the pawnbroker's until I had taken her into custody. I have seen that table-spoon and the desert-spoon again; I saw them at the pawnbroker's, and afterwards at Worship-street.


                  JOHN 
                  GOODBURN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in these spoons from 
               
                  Harriet 
                  Garva
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, on the 4th of October, in the last year; I knew her before. On the 17th she came and paid the interest for them, and took out a fresh duplicate, in another name; she at first pawned them in her own name; the second time she gave the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Anderson
               



            , which she said, was the name of the person that the property belonged to.
CHARLOTTE ANTHONY. I am the niece of Elizabeth Sunshine; latterly I have been at the Refuge for the Destitute; I know the prisoner at the bar. I bought a bonnet of her during the last very hard frost. In October in the last year, I called at her house about a bonnet; she then asked me to have my fortune told; she took me into a dark room. I was at that time keeping company with a young man, and she said if he was not married, she should bring him to me in the dark room. I remained about twenty minutes; whilst I was in the dark she brought something to me of the appearance of a man;I immediately fainted away, and I was taken to a surgeon's and bled. After this passed, she said something to me; she said she knew where I lived for she had followed me home; she asked me sixpence for telling my fortune, and asked if I could afford any more; I said no, and she then asked me if I could get any thing to make money of; I told her no; and she followed me home. When I got towards home, she followed me to the door, and said she would part. She asked me to bring something to make money of, and said it would never be found out. After I had my fortune told, she wanted me to take on oath that I would never discover it; I would not take any oath; she repeated words for me to say; but I would not say them. She wanted me to say, so help me God, I won't disclose it; but I did not; and she wanted me to come and live with her. In consequence of her telling me to get something to make money of, I took a desert-spoon and a table-spoon, and gave them to her right opposite the place, she stood opposite the house for them. After I got her the spoons, I went home with her, she took me to the Royalty Theatre. I afterwards went away from her; I saw I had done wrong.
Q. After you had been taken to the Royalty Theatre, did she propose any thing else - A. Yes, she wanted me to go in the streets. In consequence of that proposal, I went to a friend of my grandfather's and communicated what I have stated to day, and that friend went to my grandfather, and afterwards got me home. Then I went to the Assylum for the Destitute, and continued there until last June; I had then an ill state of health, and was obliged to come out for my health sake; I soon after met her on London Bridge, and she asked me if I had been at home all that time; and I said, yes. Then she said she had a little house in Cooper's-gardens, and wanted me to go with her but I would not. I told what had happened to the people of the Assylum, and she was taken up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Searjeant.
