





69. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COCKCROFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, two traces, value 30 s. a saddle, value 1 l. two ames, value 15 s. a bridle, value 8 s. a pair of reins, value 16 s. a rein-strap, value 8 s. and one cropper, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wootton
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WOOTON
               



            . I am a stable-keeper
 at the Swan-yard, Smithfield


. On the 11th of November my gates were made fast about ten o'clock; on the morning of the next day, between five and six o'clock the watchman came up my yard and said the gates were loose; he told me he had stopped a man with harness on the outside. I went to the watchhouse and saw the harness; I knew the harness well, it was mine. The prisoner had been in my service five days, no more; he had left me about four or five days.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . I am a watchman, Mr. Wootton's yard is in my beat. On the 12th of November, about half past five I was crying the hour; I tried the wicket of Mr. Wootton's gate, it was fast then; I went on to the further end of Cock-lane; I returned; before I came to Mr. Wootton's yard the prisoner passed me with the harness; it was not light then; I had suspicion that it was stolen; I did not stop him then, I went to Mr. Wootton's gate, I found the wicket open, that made my suspicion stronger; I went after the prisoner, I overtook him by the Saracen's Head in Skinner-street, I asked him where he was going with the harness, he told me to his master's house; I asked him where he had brought the harness from; he said, from the other side of Smithfield. I told him I must detain him and take him to the watchhouse; he said he would give me the harness if I would let him go. I took him to the watch-house and went to Mr. Wootton, he came and claimed the harness.
- WORRALL. I was constable of the night. I searched the prisoner, I found the long rein and the kicking strap in his pockets. I produce the harness.
Prosecutor. That is my own property. I have had them about six months.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work in the morning in Smithfield, I took up the harness, I did not know who it belonged to; the watchman passed me and came back after me, and when he called after me I stopped; I told him I found the harness in Smithfield, I was willing to give it to any body it belonged to.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
