





215. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, a cask, value 10 s. and thirty gallons of vinegar, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Munro
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  MUNRO
               



            . I am an oilman
, in Cock-hill, Ratcliffe


. On the evening of the 5th of December, I missed a cask, containing thirty gallons of vinegar. It was safe on my premises about seven o'clock in the evening.
Q. Was the vinegar in your shop - A. No. The cask and its contents were under my window of my shop. I had seen it at seven o'clock, and about nine in the evening I perceived it gone. I went that evening to give information at the watchhouse that such a cask of vinegar was lost. I saw it again about twelve o'clock that night in Kelly's house.
Q. What is Kelly - A. I believe he is a lumper. He lives in West's Gardens; that is about half a mile from Cock-hill. I saw the prisoner on the Monday following. The 5th, was Saturday. On Monday, I saw the prisoner in custody at Shadwell office, and when I saw the cask at Kelly's, I knew it to be mine that had been standing under my shop window.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLEUGH
               



            . I am a beadle of Shadwell. On Saturday, the 5th of December, I saw a man rolling a cask about two hundred yards from Mr. Munro's premises; it was about nine o'clock in the evening. When the prosecutor came to the watch-house, and said he had lost a cask of vinegar from underneath his window, I told him what I had seen. I saw the way the man went down. I took a candle and lanthorn. We traced the marks of the cask to Kelly's house, and we found the cask at Kelly's house. The prosecutor claimed the cask. He took the cask and Kelly to the watchhouse.
Q. What sort of a man was it you saw rolling this cask - A. I could not observe. It was in the dark. It was a man with a long jacket on.


                  THOMAS 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live in West Gardens, New Gravel-lane, Shadwell. I am a lumper.
Q. Was there any cask of vinegar found at your house - A. There was a cask of vinegar rolled to my house. My wife was in labour. I was at home. It was rolled to my house about nine o'clock in the evening. Jame Smith and another man brought it. They asked me liberty to leave it in my yard until morning. I said there was not room in my yard; he might leave it in the room until morning.
Q. Who was the other man - A. I do not know. He was taken, and admitted an evidence, and then run away.
Q. How long after it was in your room was it that any body enquired after it - A. I saw Mr. Munro,Mr. Cleugh, and another gentleman. I asked them what they were looking for; they said, what is that to me.
Q. Did they see the cask of vinegar - A. Not till I told them where it was. Mr. Munro said it was his. I directed him were to find Smith in the morning. I believe he lived at Limehouses.
Q. Are you quite sure that the cask that they found in your room was the cask that was brought by Smith and the other man - A. Yes, I am. They took me up about it. They kept me in prison until the Monday following. I had Smith taken on Sunday morning. Smith told me that he was employed by a cook of a ship to roll it down to King James's stairs. He was not able to roll it any further, so he rolled it to my place, to leave it there till the morning.
Q. to Prisoner. Do you wish to ask any questions of Thomas Kelly - A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kelly
               



             speaks the truth.


                  GEORGE 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell office. I took Carter in custody upon Kelly's information. He is not forthcoming. I have got the cask
Prosecutor. That is the cask that was taken from underneath my window. The vinegar is worth three pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. They all speak very true as far as I know. I was employed to roll or carry it in the best manner I could, to King James's stairs, and when I had rolled it four or five yards, he desired me to roll it back again. I said, I suppose it was New Crane stairs he meaned. He said, it was. I rolled it to Kelly's house. I met the other man. He said, where are you going. I said, to New Crane stairs. I looked round, and the man that hired me was gone. I went into several public-houses to look for him. I said to Carter, you must assist me in rolling it back. He said, what must you do with the cask. I said, I did not know; I know a man of the name of Kelly, near here, he will let me leave it in his place. I left it there. Carter and me went down to Three Crane stairs; we enquired of the waterman, and at the public-houses; we could not find the man. I went home until the morning. I was going down in the morning again, I met a man; he told me the officers were looking after me. He said, I had better keep out of the way. I replied, I shall not keep out of the way; I shall call at Shadwell office; and as I was going to the office, I met with an officer. He said, is your name 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



            . I said, yes. He then said he wanted me to come along with him; very well, said I. I am a stranger in the country. I am mostly at sea.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
