





667. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               she on the 2d of May
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        James 
                        Farquhar
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Riley
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by them to receive money for and on their account, and that she, being such servant, and so employed, did receive and take into her possession, the sum of four pounds fourteen shillings for her said masters, and that she feloniously did secrete and steal the same
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FARQUHAR
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Riley
               



            , we are straw plat manufacturers

, we serve the trade. On the second of May I sent her out to sell straw plat, she was to receive the money for it. She told me that she sold straw plat to John Wiltshire to the amount of four pounds fourteen shillings, and that Mr. Wiltshire stood indebted to us for the four pounds fourteen shillings. She afterwards gave me this note:
"To Messrs. Riley and Farquhar. I am sorry as I cannot pay you, as the trade is slack, therefore I shall not be able to settle with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bryant
               



             till the 24th of this month. I am your humble servant,
"
               
                  John 
                  Wiltshire
               



            ."


                  JOHN 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I live at number 4, Hay's-court, Soho-square.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes; I frequently bought plat of her; I always paid her for the straw plat, I do not owe her a farthing. On the second of May I bought straw of her to the amount of four pounds fourteen shillings; I paid her for it. I never wrote that note.
Prisoner's Defence. They accused me wrongfully. My prosecutor's wife went out with me frequently, and my master frequently also. On that day I lost the money that I received. I would have made the money good, if they had given me my liberty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
