






235. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EBBS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 5 lbs. of lead, value 1 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, and fixed to a certain dwelling-house belonging to him
            , against the statute.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the lead to be fixed to a building.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            , ESQ. I have a house at Hadley, Middlesex


,which has been empty sometime. I lost seven or eight hundred weight of lead, and set people to watch.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am a carpenter. I and Male were set to watch the house. On Friday night, the 8th of January, about half-past ten o'clock, I was in the room opposite the lead-flats. I stood at the window sometime, and saw the two prisoners on the flat, taking up the lead - they could not see me. I opened the window, went out to them, and called Male to assist me. Brown said to Ebbs,
"D - n it, we're done!" I ordered them into the room - they came in, and surrendered themselves. I gave them in charge. A great deal of lead was torn off and taken up - one piece was rolled up. I had a full view of the flat, and saw them move the lead. I found a ladder, which led up to the flat - it was not my master's.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I am sure I saw them take the lead up. It rained hard - they said they came there for shelter.


                  JAMES 
                  MALE
               



            . I was with Harvey, and saw the prisoners come up the ladder on to the lead - I was in a different room to Harvey, and called to him; I assisted in securing them. Ebbs seized Harvey's gun - I said if he did not let it go I would shoot him. The ladder has since been claimed. I could not see them do anything to the lead where I was; they got out of my sight.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PROPSTRING
               



            . I am a constable - the prisoners were given into my charge that night. I found a cord, a bag, some snares, and two knives on them. The lead appeared part cut, and matched the place exactly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BROWN's Defence. I had not been on the leads a minute.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
EBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
