






207. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                   alias 
RICHARDS





            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CURLE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fielding
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of five in the night of the 30th of December
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, four gowns, value 2l. one dress, value 10s. two pairs of stockings, value 5s. one silk sash, value 2s. and two yards of fringe, value 6d.
             his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELDING
               



            . I live at 19, Marshall-street Carnaby Market


. I have a shop
 there, I rent the whole house
, and the shop is part of the house; I have a wife and one child I sleep in the back parlour. I occupy the middle parlour as where I live in; I let out the first and second floors. The entrance to my appartments is through my shop. My lodgers who occupy the first and second floors enter by the same door. I went out when it had turned five o'clock in the evening of the 30th, I left my wife and child in the parlour. The shop door in the passage when I went out was latched. I returned in about an hour. When I returned I went into my shop, I missed nothing that I had left there, I missed the things at a quarter after seven on the Monday morning. These gowns I had taken to do; two pairs of silk stockings, the silk sash, and the silk fringe, were all to be dyed.
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. I am a city officer. On Monday the 1st of this month, I was in Fleet-street I had occasion to follow five men, and I followed them until they came to Pie-street, Westminster. In coming into Pie-street, at about twelve o'clock, I saw the two prisoners pass the five men, and speak to them; they were not two of the five. I observed the prisoner Curle with something under his coat; and knowing them, I suspected that they had something that did not belong to them. Curle turned round and saw me, and I knew be knew me. When I approached him, he gave the parcel to the prisoner Richards; I stopped them, and asked them what they had got; that was after he had delivered the parcel to Richards; Richards hesitated some time, and then said he had been of an errand for his mother. I asked him what was in the bundle? he said silk gowns. I asked him where he was going with them? and he said he was going to his mother's. I then asked him where his mother lived? and he said in Titchfield-street. I could not get anything out of him but that he was coming from his mother's and he was going to his mother's. On the Wednesday or Thursday I discovered Mr. Fielding had been robbed. This happened on the Monday.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a constable. I was in company with Johnssn. When we came into Pi-street, we saw the two prisoners. The account Johnson has given is correct.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Walker's Defence, This boy I met in Pie-street, Westmister. I asked him which way he was going and he said he was going towards Barrack-street, and I was going that way, and Mr. Johnson came and collared us directly,
Curle's Defence. I have nothing to say.
WALKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.
CURLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
