





745. 
               
                  
                     JOHN FREEMAN 
                     DUBBERLAIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 14th of June
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Scott
                     



                  , 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Garnet
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Palmer
                     



                  , and was employed and intrusted by them to received money and valuable securities, and that he being such servant so employed did receive and take into his possession,a banker's draft, value 218 l. 1 s. 6 d. on account of his masters, and that he afterwards feloniously did secrete and steal the same
            .
SECOND and THIRD COUNTS for embezzling, secreting and stealing 60 l. being part of the 218 l. 1 s. 6 d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER STOKER
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Dyson, leather factor.
Q. On the 14th of June did you pay into the house of Messrs. Scott and co. a bankers draft of two hundred and eighteen pounds one shilling and six-pence - A. I did, the check I have in my hand. (The draft read.)
Q. That was on account of leather sold by Mr. Dyson to that house - A. It was.
Q. After Mr. Dyson had drawn the check and given it you did you take it to the house of Scott, Garnet and Palmer - A. I did; I gave it into the hands of the prisoner, and I requested him to write their bankers name across the check, which he did in my presence; I then withdrew. This is the check, there is Hankey and Co. across it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOSHUA TERRY
               



            . Q. I believe you are clerk to Messrs. Hankey and Co. - A. I was at that time.
Q. Did Messrs. Scott, Garnet and Palmer, bank there - A. They did.
Q. Look at that check that has been produced was that check paid by you - A. I paid sixty pounds I believe to the prisoner, (I do not speak with certainty) and placed one hundred and fifty pounds one shillings and sixpence to Messrs. Scott and Co's. accompt. I acted by the directions of the person that gave me the draft, and in consequence of the mark at the back of it; Messrs. Hankey and Co. is written across, and knowing the prisoner, and the confidence I had in him I should have paid him the whole demand if he had asked for it.
Q. Then this check remained in your hands, you would have given him the whole credit for the whole amount, two hundred and eighteen pounds one shilling and sixpence - A. Yes.
Q. Was it after received by them in the regular course of business - A. I believe it was. I heard no complaint.
Q. On the 3d of July was any payment made by the prisoner of the sum of two hundred and eighteen pounds one shilling and sixpence on their house - A. No such sum.
NATHANIEL PALMER. Q. What are the names of your partners - A. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Garnet
               



            , and 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Palmer
               



            , we are cornfactors in Aldermanbury. The prisoner, I should think, has been our clerk twelve years.
Q. Did you employ Mr. Dyson to sell some leather that you had from the country - A. We did, but as the transaction had passed some time we were not aware that Mr. Dyson had the selling of them. We employed more brokers than one.
Q. Did the prisoner on the 14th of June account to you for two hundred and eighteen pounds one shilling and sixpence, having received it of Mr. Dyson - A. Not in the account of June. On the 2d of July, in looking over the ledger I observed that there was a quantity of leather that appeared not to be accounted for; I asked the prisoner who had sold it; he stated at the time that he was ignorant who had sold it, it was either Scott and Clark, or Mr. Dyson, or Mr. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Ross
               



            , but he would go and enquire; I desired him not to go out, there were notes in the house that would ascertain it, and desired him to ascertain it. In about the course of an hour from this time he said he had been out, he had ascertained that Mr. Dyson had sold it, and he had received the money. On the 6th of July I asked him what he had done with Mr. Dyson's draft; he stated that he had paid it to Messrs. Hankey and Co. I remarked that he had not debitted it to them; he said it was his omission; I desired him to do it; he took the cash book and debited it to them. In the cash book you will see cash, two hundred and eighteen pounds one shilling and sixpence; upon the third, and under the second, as if it was an omission this entry was made, on the 6th of July.
Q. Do you find any prior entry that he had made in your cash book, that he had accounted to you of one hundred and fifty-eight pounds one shilling and sixpence - A. That you will find in the other book, it does not exactly correspond with this book, that is subsequent in the other book under the 14th before the 15th.
DANIEL OCKMAIR. was called, and not appearing in court, his recognisance was ordered to be estreated.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.
GUILTY.




               Of embezzling sixty pounds
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
