





541. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Whittaker
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 17th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, three one pound bank notes, his property
            .


                  JONATHAN 
                  WHITTAKER
               



            . On the 17th of June I was coming from Knightsbridge, about eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoner, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Murphy
               



            , at some part of the Strand


, I asked her my way to London bridge; she told me I was in the wrong way, shewed me a court, told me I was to go through this court and down the next street; she followed me. When I got into the court she came up to me, put her hand into my pocket, and pulled out three one pound bank notes; she dropped one of them; I attempted to pick it up, and some women who were standing in the court pushed me a way; I saw the prisoner pick it up; I called the watch, a german came up; he called watch, the watchman came and immediately the prisoner ran away; I and the german and the watchman pursued her; the prisoner ran into a house and shut the door; I and the german went to St. Martin's watchhouse and got a constable; he knocked at the door and they opened it.
Q. What was the name of the court - A. I do not know; it was a different court. They opened the door and we went up stairs; we looked into one room where there were some young women; the young women cried out, is it me; I knew it was not them. We went into another room and found her in bed; she then said she had never been out that night; no notes were found upon her.
Q. Had you taken any personal liberty with her - A. No; there were no more words passed than what I have spoke to you; she did not speak a word when she put her hand in my pocket, and she had her hand out so quick I could not stop her.
Q. Did you search the room where you found her in bed - A. Yes; the bed and the room was searched; we found no notes. I was perfectly sober. I had been to Knightsbridge barracks to see my brother-in-law's brother. I had only a share of a pot of porter that afternoon.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ALBERT CHALLENGER
               



            . I am a German.
Q. Were in the Strand on the 17th of June - A. No; I was going home; I came out of a public house in New-round-court, I heard the prosecutor call out watch; the prisoner ran away, went into a house, and shut the door. We went and got a constable.


                  JOHN 
                  HADLAND
               



            . I am a watchman in St. Martin's. On that night, at eleven o'clock, I was coming up the Strand, I heard a calling out watch; I made up to it, and the prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him of three one pound notes. The prisoner ran away; I followed her to the door that she ran into, where I knew her to lodge; the door was made fast.
Q. Then you knew her person before - A. I did; I am sure the prisoner is the person that ran away.
Q. Were there any other people present when he charged her with picking his pocket - A. Yes, five or six; some men, and some girls of the town, were in the court.
Q. Did you get in the house - A. The door was made fast as soon as she went in; I advised them to go to the watchhouse and to bring the constable of the night; they did; the constable came and ordered the door to be opened; it was opened; we went in the house and found the prisoner in bed.


                  PHILIP 
                  PILGRIM
               



            . I am the keeper of St. Martin's watchhouse. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and what the prosecutor has told your lordship, he told the magistrate the very same.
Prisoner's Defence. When I came out into the court I saw the prosecutor, he was intoxicated; he had two women by the side of him, and he was crying; he came to me just as I was going in doors, he said I had three one pound notes in my pocket; these women were after taking them out. I went in doors and came out again; there were six or eight women outside of the door; them I saw a piece of paper on the pavement, one of them stooped and picked it up; I went up stairand did not hear any more about it till they came up, searched me and the room, and took me to the watch-house.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing from the person, but not violently
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
