






381. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FREEMAN
                  , alias 
CATTLE





            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the night of the 26th of December
, and stealing therein, two coach-glasses, value 30 s. and a box coat, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lockhart
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating the goods to be the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep a livery-stable
, in Upper Marybone-street


. On the 27th of December, I was informed that two coach-glasses and a box coat were stolen out of my premises. My premises is a private yard, an inclosed place.


                  JAMES 
                  BENNET
               



            . On the Sunday night after Christmas-day, me and the prisoner Freeman went to Mr. Smith's livery-stables; about twelve o'clock, as near as I can guess, we came to his gates; I opened it with a latch-key, and then Freeman and me went into Mr. Smith's livery-stable yard; we got two coach-glasses and a box coat out of one of the coach-houses; we took them away from that place. I went and concealed them at my mother's house that night, and the same night I and Freeman slept together at Butcher's house. On the next day I got the glasses away from my mother's; we were going to sell them at some acquaintance of Freeman's in Golden-lane, and then when we were going up Chick-lane two officers detected us, and took us in custody with them. We had three examinations.
Q. Who had the glasses in their custody - A. Freeman had the glasses under his arm at the time we were taken. We had three examinations; nobody came forward to own the glasses. We were discharged, and the officers had the glasses.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUTCHINS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 27th of last December, I was going down Chick-lane in company with 
               
                  James 
                  Riddel
               



            , about eight o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner Freeman, and Franklin, alias Bennet, together; they were coming from Saffron-hill.
Q. Who is Franklin - A. The last witness; he answered to the name of Bennet. I saw Freeman with two coach-glasses under his left arm. I had seen him before along with thieves; I suspected he had stolen them. I stopped, and asked him what he had got there; he said, they were coach-glasses, they were his own, he had found them the night before in Covent Garden market. I told him he must give me a better account than that, or else I should take him before the magistrate. I then took him to a public-house, and searched them. I found nothing upon Freeman; on 
               Franklin
             I found this knife. I took them before the magistrate; they were examined three times. I could find no owner to the glasses; they were discharged. I advertised the glasses. He was taken in custody afterwards by Bennet, the officer. These are the glasses I found upon Freeman.


                  JAMES 
                  RIDDLE
               



            . I am an headborough. I was with Hutchins at the time he apprehended Freeman and Franklin; Freeman had these glasses under his arm.
GEORGE BENNET. I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 25th of February, I apprehended the prisoner. The great coat has never been found. When I apprehended him, he said, he knew what it was for, that little rascal of a farrier had given evidence against him.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the glasses in Covent Garden market.
JAMAS BYROM. I am coachman to Mr. Lockhart. The coat has never been found. I have lived with Mr Lockhart better than three years. That is one of his glasses, I am sure of; I have cleaned them often.
GUILTY, aged 18,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
