






1309. 
               
                  JANE 
                  GRAHAM
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Tournay
                     




                  , one watch, value 5s.; one chain, value 2s.; five promissory notes for payment of and value 1l. each, and one 1l. bank note
            , his property.
WILLIAM TOURNAY. I live at Margate. On the 27th of July, I was in town, about eleven o'clock at night. I and Rooks were near St. Clement's church


; I had been drinking, but was not intoxicated. We met the prisoners - I went to some stones by the church-yard for a necessary purpose. I fell over one of the stones; while I was down, the prisoners picked my pocket of my watch and money. I called out for help. Rooks came and asked me what was the matter? the prisoners said that two men had just left me. I am certain no person was near me but the prisoners. I had not been in company with any person before, and am certain my watch and purse were in my pocket. The prisoners were taken to the Temple-tap. Allen pretended to be tying up her stocking, and put the watch under the seat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROOKS
               



            . I am Tournay's shipmate. I was in his company from six o'clock; we were at two public-houses - He was rather intoxicated, I was quite sober. When we got by the Temple-tap, we met four women; one of our shipmates, who was with us, went in with one of them, but not with the prisoners; Tournay and I waited at the door for him-the prisoners asked us to treat them. I went in and treated them, Tournay did not go in. When I came out Tournay went over to the stones - He was gone sometime. The prisoners asked me what I was waiting for? I said I was waiting for him, and told them where he was; they went over to him. In a few minutes he called for help, and I went over. They told me two men had just run away from him. I am certain no other person went to him - I had him in sight all the while - He missed his watch and purse. I took the prisoners into a public-house, under the pretence of treating them. I saw a watchman, and told him to come in, which he did. I then told them they must be searched. Allen pretended to tie up her stocking - I saw her take the watch, and put it under the seat - I gave her in charge. The purse was not found.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am constable of the night. I searched the prisoners, but found nothing on them. There was no woman to search them.
(Watch produced and sworn to.)
ALLEN'S Defence. I never saw the man.
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRAHAM-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
