






115. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ISABELLA 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, a watch, value 2l. nine shillings and six-pence in monies numbered, and a one-pound Banknote
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Washbrooke
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WASHBROOKE
               



            . I lost this property on the 25th of November, at about twelve o'clock at night. I was in Charles-street, Drury-lane


, with the prisoner Jones. She asked me if I would give her anything to drink? and I gave her some money to go and get some. She returned back to me, and we went to bed. I had one pound nine shillings and sixpence, and my watch, in my breeches; which I put under my pillow, under my head. I awakened about an hour and a half, and heard the two prisoners talking together in the room I heard them saying, she had got my money and watch, and would have my breeches, and get off as soon as possible. With that I ran down stairs, as fast as I could after them, and 
               
                  Bella 
                  Clark
               



             stopped me; and the watchman stopped Jones, as she was going out of the door, hearing me scream. The watchman then came up stairs, and took them both into custody, and we found the watch in the tea-kettle, under some tealeaves.


                  PATRICK 
                  COWLEY
               



            . I am a watch-man, and stopped Jones coming out of this house, hearing a scream. I took her up into 
               
                  Bella 
                  Clarke
               



            's room; 
               
                  Bella 
                  Clarke
               



             was sitting by the fire. I found the watch in the tea-kettle by the fire-side.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
CLARKE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
