





1340. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MALTWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, two seals, value 30s.; one key, value 5s.; two rings, value 4s., and one slider, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pascall
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PASCALL
               



            . I am an engraver
, and live in Wilderness-row. On the 16th of September, I was at the Angel Inn, Edmonton


, about eight o'clock in the evening - I was not at the fair. I was looking for a friend, and was hustled by about a dozen persons; I felt my seals and ribbon pulled at, and seized the prisoner's arm with my right hand - I collared him, the rings broke-my watch was nearly out of my fob; I never let go the prisoner - the others tried to rescue him, they rushed on each side of me to make me let go, and struck me several blows, but I still held him. I have never found my property. I got away from them, and gave the prisoner in charge. We had to go three-quarters of a mile to the watch-house, and the gang interrupted us all the way.


                  HENRY 
                  LEEDS
               



            . I was with Pascall. I ran up to him, and found the prisoner in his custody; there was a dreadful scuffle to rescue him - We were obliged to take the prisoner into a booth. The gang followed us all the way to the watch-house.
ABRAHAM ANGEL. I am a headborough. I took the prisoner in charge, and assisted in taking him to the watch-house-the gang attempted to rescue him. I took him to the watch-house with great difficulty, they knocked me down, and called out "D-n his eyes, kill him;" we took him into a booth, and they still attacked us-the watchman presented his pistol, and they then drew back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARNER
               



            . I was opposite the Angel Inn; I saw a crowd and herad the cry of murder - I assisted in taking the prisoner. I was very severely beaten myself.
Prisoner's Defence. They found nothing on me.




               Transported for Life
            . 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
