





790. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KENNEDY
                   was indicted by the name of 
                     
James Kennedy





            , for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of July
, two coats, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rose
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a provision-merchant
. I live in Tooley-street. About the latter end of July I lost the coats from the livery-stable, at Newington


. I reside at Norwood. I carry on my business in Tooley-street. I am in the habit of stopping at Newington, and putting up my horse and chaise.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of July, I was going down Saffron-hill. I saw the prisoner and another man with a large bundle. They were in Field-lane; I was in Saffron-hill. I saw them go into a house, where they bought things of this kind; I followed them. It was about half-past two o'clock. I went into the back room; I there saw the woman of the house looking at the coats. I asked her who brought the coats; she said she did not know. I told the men, I knew they had brought them there. They said they did not. I took hold of the two men; one of them tore out of my arms. I kept the prisoner. I saw him with the coats before he went into the house.
- I am a hostler at Newington. I took these coats of Mr. Rose, but of the chaise, on Wednesday at nine o'clock. I live at Newington Butts.


                  MARY 
                  BLACK
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. In Field-lane, No. 9. It was not James Kennedy that brought these things into the shop. It was another man; he ran away.
Q. They were together, were not they - A. The prisoner at the bar came into the shop, half an hour before, for a pair of shoes.
Q. What o'clock was it? Barnley, stand up. Did you see that man there, Barnley - A. Yes.
Q. How soon did you follow afterwards - A. About ten minutes.


                  MARY 
                  BLACK
               



            . After he came in, Barnley came in. The prisoner came into the shop, half an hour before the other man came in.
Q. Were you examined before the justice - A. Yes.
Q. What is the woman's name that keeps the house 
               A. Sarah Brookfield
            .
Q. Did you never swear that this man brought the bundle in - A. Never.

 Q. Upon your oath, did you never swear that this man brought the bundle; now mind what you say, and be cautions, it will be taken down - A. No.
Q. Now, you mean to swear that he never did bring it in - A. Yes.
Q. to Mr. Rose. Look at the coats, and say if they are yours - A.They are both mine.
Q. to Mary Black. Do you mean to tell me, that the man who brought these things was in the shop half an hour before the prisoner - A. No; the prisoner was in the house half an hour before the other man came in with the coat.
Q. What was your mistress about - A. She was in the other house, washing.
Q. Did not she look at, and bargain about these things - A. No.
Q. What does your mistress deal in - A. Clothes.
Q. She deals in clothes - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say you ever swore before the magistrate, that this man had not the bundle - A. No.
Q.You swear this man had been in the shop half an hour before the other man came in - A. Yes, I do.
COURT. I will tell you what you swore; the prisoner, 
               
                  John 
                  Kennedy
               



            , and another man, came in with two coats, when the two coats were produced, and which her mistress was at when, Bernley the constable came in and se one of them escaped and the prisoner was secured.
COURT. Let that woman be committed. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Black
               



             was immediately taken into the custody of Mr. Newman.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
