







689. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BASSETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FORD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of July
, twenty pounds weight of silver, value 50 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Moor
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MOOR
               



            . I am master and part owner of the Archduke Charles
, she came from Lima in Peru. She came into London Dock


 on the 9th of July, I had on board that ship two bags of raw silver in lumps. On the 26th of July I discovered that both the bags were removed from the place where I put them in under some indigo on the starboard side of the hold.
Q. Had you authorized any person to take them away. - A. No, this silver was my own property.


                  JOHN 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I am one of the warehouse keepers of the London Dock, I superintend the whole of the business.
Q. In the latter end of July was the Archduke Charles in the dock. - A. She was.
Q. Were the two prisoners and Jarvis employed in unloading her. - A. They were.
Q. What days were Ford there. - A. On the 19th of July, 20th, 21st, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th, 30th, 31st, and 1st of August, Ford was there assisting unloading, partly on board and partly on shore.
Q. Was Bassett there every day. Ford was except the 26th and 27th - A. Yes, and Jarvis was there every day.


                  RICHARD 
                  PAGE
               



            . Q. Were you employed on the Archduke Charles as a gangsman. - A. Yes, in July we began on the 12th to unload, she was unloaded on the 31st of July, I know the prisoners and Jarvis were working on board the ship several days.
GEORGE JARVIS. Q In the month of July, were you a labourer in the employ of the London Dock company. - A. Yes.
Q. Were you employed in unloading the Archduke Charles. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember while you were unloading the Archduke Charles shifting some seal skins in the coal-hole. - A. Yes, Bassett and Ford were with me, I then saw something in a bag, it was some kind of metal, it looked very black, there was a hole in the bag, Ford and Baskett were in the ship with me and two lumpers besides, the bag was left there that night till the next morning. I told Bassett and Ford that I had found it almost as soon as I found it, Bassett told me to bring up a piece the next morning, he would take it out and see what it was. The next morning I took it up out of the hold, and gave it Bassett about five minutes before eight, he was at a place behind the warehouse, Ford was in the ship's hold at the time I took it up, we had agreed the night before what to do.
Q. In the morning what time did you go to work. - A. About eight o'clock, Ford was there as soon as I, he saw me take it I have no doubt, this was on Thursday morning, I gave it into Bassett's hands, he put it into the crown of his hat, he went out with it.
Q. How soon did you see Chip come. - A. I did not see Chip until the Thursday following, Chip was ordered in on the Wednesday night to fetch some.
Q. Was that which was afterwards conveyed away by Chip part of that bag. - A. Yes, it was part of that which was taken out of that bag out of which Baskett took away that morning one piece, and then a week afterwards Chip came and took away some more of it.
Q. The week following did you see Chip come into the dock. - A. Yes. Ford had told me in Chip's cellar that he was to come. Chip has a cellar in Well Street, he sells beer. In the morning Chip came in about ten minutes before eight, Ford ordered me to be there a little before him to give 
               Chip
             a piece every morning, it was hid under some flax in a shed in the London Dock, that was where Ford told me to hide it, I took a piece from under the flax and gave it to Chip and he went out with it, Chip came in again about twelve o'clock, Basset gave him another piece, he went away with it.
Q. I believe there was a great deal of noise made about this, and at last you were taken up. - A. Yes.
Q. And after you were in custody you made this confession. - A. Yes, what I have said is true.
THOMAS CHIP. I keep an ale and porter cellar in Well Street.
Q. On the 30th of June last, do you remember the prisoner Ford coming to your cellar. - A. Yes, On Tuesday morning, a little before eight o'clock, he asked me whether I wanted a job, I said frequently, he said it was something valuable to sell, it was a kind of silver, he asked me if I could get sale for it, I told him if it was any thing valuable there was no doubt but I could sell it, he made an appointment to come on the Wednesday night, he did come and Jarvis with him, he then asked me to come to a box in the Docks, on Thursday morning, I went there on the Thursday at eight o'clock, and Jarvis gave me a piece of silver, I wrapped it up in this handkerchief, I took it out of the Dock gates, I went again at twelve o'clock, I saw Ford, Bassett, and Jarvis, Ford pointed to me to go to Jarvis, I heard Jarvis say to Bassett I have been once it is not my turn, I then saw Bassett go to the place where Jarvis had gone in the morning, Bassett gave me another lump, he said there I can trust you, I took and hid it under a watch box in the Dock, the other piece I took home in the morning. When they left work at four Ford came and asked me if I had got any money, I said no, you did not tell me what to do with it, I asked him what he called it, he said it was the best virgin silver. I went to Lloyd's Coffee house to find the captain of the vessel to give information, I took the piece of silver I had at home to Mr. Clarke, coming home I saw a paper, I went to Mr. Barry's office, I left the card with my address at the broker's.
Q. That led to the ultimate enquiry, so it was a voluntary act on your part. - A. Yes.
MR. CLARK. I live in Husher Court, Water lane. Q. Do you know the witness. - A. I know him by bringing porter and ale to our house, he brought a piece of metal that looked like lead on what day I cannot say, he brought two officers and came for it about a week after.
Q. Was that which was delivered back in the presence of the officers the same that he left. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . I am an officer.
Q. Do you recollect going along with Chip to the last witness's house for some silver. - A. I did, she delivered it me, this is it.


                  JOHN 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 3d of August Chip desired me to follow him, Chip went to a watch box in the London Dock, and under that box he took up this piece of silver.

- MACKDONALD. I am an officer. On the 3d of August, in consequence of Chip's information, I searched the coals in the Archduke Charles, I found this bag containing four pieces of silver.
The property produced and identified.
Bassett said nothing in his defence.
Ford's Defence. I never was tried before, I never touched a bit in the ship.
Bassett called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
BASSETT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
FORD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
