





753. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, three pair of shoes, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Aron 
                     Sammell
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sammell
                  


               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Sammell
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SAMMELL
               



            . The prisoner at the bar was in our employ; and up to the time that I discovered this peculation, nobody would have given him a better character than I should. In consequence of an information I received from his landlord where he last lodged, I went to his present lodgings, and there I found an immense quantity of pawnbrokers duplicates, some dated three years ago, others less; we went to the different pawnbrokers, and the last we went to, we found two pair of women's shoes pawned but a few days previous; I told Mr. 
               Read
             the constable, that he was to take him into custody when I gave him the word; Read kept close in the neighbourhood; I sent the prisoner into the warehouse, telling him to look out six pair of men's shoes, quickly; he went into the warehouse, and remained after the other men were gone, full ten minutes: as he was going out, I gave the word to Read, who took him into custody and brought him back into the shop. On searching him, we found a pair of large men's shoes, one in each breeches pocket, the shoes are new; I can swear to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , JUN. I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. I was employed by Mr. Sammell's. and took the prisoner into custody; Mr. Sammell's warehouse is in Hatton Garden, I took the prisoner just as he got into Ely court.
Prisoner's Defence. It is impossible for Mr. Sammell's to swear to those shoes, after they have been stretched on a last the marks must be effaced.



               GUILTY
             aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
