





644. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WAYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
, six penny-pieces, and one hundred and eight halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Vicary 
                           Broughton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVERED
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Vicary Broughton
               



            ; he is a woollen-draper
. The prisoner came into his shop on the 18th of July, about seven in the evening; he came in under pretence of purchasing, and while I was looking for the article, he came about three feet behind the counter, and took a five shilling paper of halfpence that were marked J. V. B.
Q. Did you see him do it - A. I did not see him take them, but found them upon him with the mark.
Q. What made you suspect that he had taken them - A We had missed about three pounds before, and suspecting that this lad come in under false pretence, I looked at the papers of halfpence, and missed one. I seized him, and found them upon him. I immediately sent for Stone, the constable, and had him taken in custody.
STONE. I produce the parcel of halfpence.
Q. to Evered. Was this the parcel of halfpence - A. Yes, it is marked J. B. V. I found them upon the prisoner. The parcel contains penny-pieces and halfpence, one hundred and eight half pence, and six penny-pieces, exactly five shillings in the whole.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the shop before.
Jury. Upon looking at the copper, we find a great many bad.
GUILTY, aged 14,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Gibbs.
