






442. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  IMBER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Marr
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight at night, on the 9th of March
, and burglariously stealing therein, a bed quilt, value 5 s.
             his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARR
               



            . Q. Where did you live on the 9th of March last - A. In Montague Mews North


. My brother is a builder; it is his house. It is a stable belonging to the house, No. 30, in the square. It is a new house; it was untenanted then. I had chair, tables, bed, and bedding, and every thing there.
Q. How do you go to this house - A. Through the stable. I have lived there eight months. I had seen my bed quilt safe in the house at dinner time. I left the house soon after twelve o'clock. I locked thedoor, and put the key in my pocket. I returned a little after seven o'clock; it was dark then; the lamps were lit. When I returned I heard a rattling among the shavings. A person bolted out of the coach-house. I live in a room over the coach-house. I shut the coach-house doors, that nobody else should come out, and I called out for assistance, and I saw the two prisoners, Imber and Gard. I took Imber from behind a door in the stable, and 
               
                  John 
                  Gard
               



             was taken from behind some boards in the coach-house. The one that got away he is called Banbury Dick; he sold Banbury cakes at my pay-table, on a Saturday night. The first one that got away, Banbury Dick, I think was at the head of it.
Q. After you had laid hold of the prisoners where did you find the bed quilt - A. In the middle of the room. I gave seven shillings for it about eight months ago. It might be worth half-a-crown.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a coachman. I live in this Mews. I assisted in taking the prisoners. They were taken in the coach-house. I heard Marr crying out, thieves. I ran with my pitchfork in my hand. We found a sack on the stairs; Marr said it did not belong to him. We went into Marr's bed room; the door was open. I catched Imber behind a door in the stable. I told him not to resist, if he did I would run him through with the fork.
Imber's Defence. I am innocent of this robbery. I have been acquainted with a young woman; I intended to make her my wife. I was well persuaded that the prosecutor had persuaded her to leave me and to live with him. On Sunday she told me she would leave me and go with the prosecutor. I told her if she did it would be at the hazard of her life. We went to the prosecutor's premises. I thought I heard her voice. I knocked; no one came. I wanted to get her away, and that is how I was found in the premises. I am no thief, and never had any intention of robbing any one.
Gard said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.
Imber called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
IMBER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            .
GARD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
