





562. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, one wicker basket, value 2 s., and six dozen bottles, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Westbrook
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William West 
                  Jones
               



            .
WILLIAM WEST JONES. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Westbrook
               



            , and live in Upper Thames-street, On the 27th of February some bottles were to be carried from a barge to our warehouse - the barge laid near All-hallows-stairs, 158 prickles were to be brought - they each contained six dozen bottles. We lost two prickles.


                  JAMES 
                  ROWEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's foreman. I employed the prisoner to assist in carrying these bottles from the barge to the warehouse - eight men were employed, the prisoner was one. I observed that he missed his turn, which made me suspect him. I saw him return, and asked him why he was absent? he said he went for a shovel. 158 prickles were delivered from the barge, but only 156 brought to the warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  COMBS
               



            , ESQ. I am a Common Councilman. About half-past three o'clock in the afternoon I was going home, and saw the prisoner in Chequer-yard with a prickle of bottles. I was landing bottles at the same time, which induced me to watch him, as he was walking fast. I followed him over Dowgate-hill into Elbow-lane, which is considerably out of the way to the prosecutor's warehouse, which is in Thames-street.
Prisoner. Q. What dress had I on - A. Either a black or dark coat - I have no doubt of his being the man - I knew him well, being in the habit of employing him.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny being in Chequer-yard. I took the bottles to the warehouse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
