





732. 
               
                  
                     EMMA 
                     GROOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        Duncan 
                        M'Glvray
                     



                  , one 5l. bank note, his property
            .


                     DUNCAN 
                     M'GILVRAY
                  




               
            . I am a tailor
, and live at Berwick-street, Soho. On the 9th of February, as I was going home, the prisoner accosted me in Oxford-street; she asked me for some drink, and to go home with her. Wishing to get rid of her, I said I had no money, and it was too late. She pressed me very much, and took hold of my arm. I walked up Wells-street and Castle-street, into Adam and Eve-court


, where she said her house was. We got into the passage, and, all of a sudden, she left me, saying, "stop a minute." After waiting about ten minutes, I began to suspect her, and found she had taken a 5l. note out of my left-hand breeches pocket. I ran into Oxford-street, but could not find her. I knew the number and date of the note, and stopped it at the Bank the next day. On the 7th of March it was brought into the Bank. I am sure the prisoner is the woman. I was not intoxicated.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I was quite sober. I described her to the watchman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 10th of February, about the middle of the day, the prisoner came and redeemed some things at my shop, and gave me a 5l. note. I am sure she is the woman-she was a customer of mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am a watchman. Mr. M'Gilvray gave me a description of the prisoner - I knew her, and in a few days I found her out.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PYALL
               



            . I am a constable. I produce the note.
Mr. M'GILVRAY. That is the note.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . That is the note I took from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
