





1545. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  CLEMENTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 20 hinges, value 5s.; 20 screw-nails, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Baxter
                        




                     
                  , and50lbs. of lead, his property, and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I was in care of a house in Swallow-street


, which belonged to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Baxter
               



            , who is a builder
; the lead was fixed on the roof, over the trapdoor, the hinges and screws were on the work-bench on the second floor - I saw them all safe the evening before; the prisoner was a stranger. I compared the lead with the door, it fitted exactly.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIPER
               



            . I am a watchman of Oxford-street. On the 29th of September, about eleven o'clock at night. I saw the prisoner with a basket on his shoulder - I followed him about a hundred yards, and then asked him what he had got in his basket? he put it on the pavement, and said it was lead, which he had brought from a house at Kilburn, which was being repaired, and was going to take it to his master, Mr. Wilson, No. 27, Newman-street. I said I thought it was odd he should carry it at that late hour. He said I might go to his master with him - He said, perhaps I thought he stole it. I took him to the watch-house. I then went to No. 27, Newman-street-no such person lived there. Next morning I found they were the prosecutor's nails-the hinges were with them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two men gave them to me, and told me to say I was going to Mr. Wilson's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
