





354. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TURTLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, one pound weight of tea, value 6s. the property of William Barnsley; and two pounds weight of coffee, value 6s. two coach-glasses, value 4l. and one rugg, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     James
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM BARNSHY. I am coachman to Mr. Joseph James. On the 22nd of February, I drove the family to Town, and we arrived in the afternoon about one o'clock; I put the carriage in the coach-house, at the Black Lion that night, and about half past seven in the morning, when I went to the coach-house, I found the doors open, and the tea, which was my own, and my master's coffee, both of which had been on the seat, were gone; also the coach-glasses and the rugg from the boot. On the Tuesday following, I saw some of these things at Guildhall.
ROBERT CROFT. I know the prisoner at the bar. At about half past twelve o'clock on Thursday, the 22nd of February, at night, he was going past me at my beat, and he asked me for a lodging; and he had a white paper parcel in his hand. I directed him to a lodging in Field-lane; but he halted at Falcon-court; that gave me a suspicion, and I thought he did not really want a lodging. I went up to him, and found him in company with two other men; they made their escape, and ran down George-alley; I pursued the prisoner; I took the parcel out of his hand; the prisoner told me it was coffee. I then led him down to the watchho use in going along, the tea dropped from himalso. I afterwards found part of the glasses, and the frames, which the two men had thrown away, in George-alley.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EYRE
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Elliott and Robertson, Finsbary-place. Those parcels of tea and coffee were made up at our house and sold to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James
               



            .



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
