






131. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, 112 lbs. of lead, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Edward 
                           Graham
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, and fixed to certain building of his
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARD GRAHAM
               



            , ESQ. I have a house in Seymour-place


-the lead was ripped from the roof, and taken away.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a bricklayer. On the 20th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Seymour-place; I was informed that thieves were in the house, I ran out, and found the prisoner, Kelly, in the custody of the watchman; I went to the house top, and apprehended the prisoner, Long, coming through the trapdoor, off the roof. He said, "I am one of them, do not hurt me;" the gutters were all ripped up, and part taken away. I found an axe within two yards of the place where I took him. The only way to the roof was getting up the rafters.
JOHN YOUNG. The prisoners were catching birds in Bryanstone-square, I told them to go away-they would not. When I returned from dinner, I went to Seymour-place, and nailed a rail up, about two o'clock the door was broken open, the staple of the lock drawn, and taken away, no person had been in the ground but the prisoners. The same night I was going along Seymour-place, and the watchman took Kelly.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAM PYEALL
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the watch-house when Kelly was brought in; he was very much bruised, and covered with blood - I found a knife on him. He said the prisoner, Long, had pushed him off the house. Long said he did not push him, but he fell down with the lead.


                  JAMES 
                  MULLINS
               



            . I am a watchman. A little boy told me there was some persons in the house; I found it surrounded by a crowd; I went for my lanthorn, and returned to the house, and found the prisoner, Kelly, quite bloody; he said he came there to ease himself, and somebody had thrown a stone at him, and cut his face. I found the lead cut, in the house-as I returned I found Long was taken; I found an axe there, the head of which was bloody. It is an unfinished house.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I found a chain, a hook, a pair of snuffers, and a whistle, on Long. I found the lead at the bottom of the house.
DANIEL WILLIAMS. I live in another house, just by; there was somebody taken from another house also.


                  REBECCA 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at No. 66, Seymour-place. I heard a noise on the roof of the house, and three people walking over the roofs. I went into the street, and saw a person look over the parapet wall - I gave the alarm; the watchman took Kelly, his face was cut very much-he must have fallen from the window.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 15.
LONG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
