





1081. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RYDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, two coats, value 4l. one pair of pantaloons, value 1l. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Baillie
                        



                     
                  ; two shirts, value 1l. three pairs of stockings, value 12s. and two sheets, value 10s. the property of another person named 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Baillie
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said last mentioned John Baillie
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BAILLIE
               



            . I lost these things on the 5th of July, I charged the prisoner with taking them, because he went away that morning, and took the sheets off his own bed; he had lodged in the house where I lodged for three nights.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILLIE
               



            . I am the uncle of the last witness. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the 1st of July; it was a ready furnished lodging; he left me on the 5th of July in the morning without paying, and took my sheets and some other things.
WILLIAM ROBERTS. I am a pawnbroker. On the 5th of July the prisoner pledged two coats with me, and a pair of pantaloons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Worship-street. On the 2nd of last month, the prisoner sent for me, and he told me he had something to communicate to me; he told me he had pawned these things, and I went to the pawnbroker, and took him to Newgate, and there he said it was the same man who pawned the things.




               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Of stealing, to the value of 39s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
