





999. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CHAMBERS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, a gold chain, value 2 l. and three gold seals, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burdon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURDON
               



            . I am an attorney
. On the 18th of September, I was coming out of Fleu-de-lis-court, it was a little past nine o'clock; I had got past Wright's oyster-shop, between that and the coffee-house; a man was playing a hand organ, and a number of children collected round. When I passed Wright's oyster-shop I entered the narrow passage that leads into Fleet-street


; I suspected nothing upon earth; as soon as I had passed the children I was surrounded by three or four men; I was hustled by them in a violent manner; one of them was particularly active, both at any job and my coat pocket; I was afraid to call for assistance, knowing that these fellows have always sharp weapons about them; by mean of the lamp I was able to distinguish that one of them was a short man, with a blue coat on. That lamp casts a great light, it does almost into Fleet-street.
Q. Look at the prisoner; has he the appearance of that man - A. He has, but I cannot swear to him. After I had been hustled, and my fob and pockets attacked, the four men dispersed in all directions; immediately they were gone I felt in my pockets for my seals and chain; I found they were gone; my coat pocket had been cut with a sharp instrument, from the bottom to the top; I then went home under the impression that my watch was gone; my home was near. As soon as I got home I related the circumstance; I found my watch was not gone; the chain had been cut off as it were; there was not an article of the chain. I came immediately to the spot to try to find a patrol or a constable; I met Carlisle on the spot; I told him the description of the man. I learned from Carlisle that he saw the transaction. He told me that he should have the man before he slept. I was not present at his apprehension. I never saw him before Monday morning, before the stiting Alderman.
Q. That lamp gave you a light to discover the man; did you know his counterance or his dress - A. His dress; the clothes of the man corresponded; particularly the size, and the blue coat.
Mr. Adolphus. Do not you think the man that stopped you was shorter - A. I should think not.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday night, the 18th of September, I was near Fleur-de-lis-court; I was coming down Fleet-street when I heard the music, the mouth organ, about nine o'clock, or a few minutes after; I was in the court when Mr. Burdon was coming down; I saw the prisoner come on before Mr. Burdon; I followed him on the left hand side; when Mr. Burdon came about half way under the arch-way one shoved him behind; they began to shove him from one to another; I kept my eye upon the prisoner, and in the hustle I saw him lay hold of the gentleman's chain with his right hand; I saw him double it up together, and put it in his right hand breeches pocket, then directly there was a word spoke, they let Mr. Burdon pass down the court, and they went away.
Q. How many of them were there - A. There were four of them; I tried to lay hold of the prisoner, but they fastened me up against the wall, and shoved all before them; I was forced down the court, and Mr. Burdon; I tapped Mr. Burdon on the shoulder; I said, sir, do not go, you have been robbed, and at the moment after he came back I went to a place and took Matthews with me, and took the prisoner at the Golden Key, in Fleet-market, there I found the prisoner; there were seven or eight of them altogether at that time.
Q. Had you known him before - A. Yes, these six or seven years, at the Golden Key. I said to him, young man, I want you; he said, you b - r, what do you want. I said, never mind, I want you, and have you I will; a tall man said directly, you shall not have him; I said, I would have him. They all got up; two more City officers came in at the same time; I turned round, and said, I want your assistance. I secured him. When my brother officers came up, he had got his knuckles under my chin, and threw me on the table; my breath was almost gone, I could not call out; luckily my brother officers came up, and we secured him.

Q. Was Mr. Burdon's chain and seals hanging down - A. Yes, they were. I saw Mr. Burdon come up, and knowing what they were, that particular made me attentive. I saw the chain before the hustling began; the prisoner had on a blue coat that night.
Mr. Burdon. It is my usual practice to put the chain and seals in my pocket, and I did so that night.
- MATTHEWS. I searched the prisoner. I was there at the time. The account that Carlisle has given is quite correct.
Prisoner's Defence. Carlisle knows nothing of me. Matthews came into the Key and pointed me out; my having a blue coat on, he told this man to swear to me; and by, a false promise of Mr. Bardon to my mother; he told her he thought I was innocent, and he would have nothing to do in it. I have got nobody to speak for me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
