





411. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ADFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of December, one cheese, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barnard
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Jones
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
; I live at 204, High Holborn; my partner
's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Barnard
               



            , the cheese was lost on the 7th of December last.


                  EDMOND 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer; On the 7th of December, 1814
, I was going down Holborn


 in the middle of the day about twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner come against Mr. Jones and Barnards house, he passed the door and took a cheese; I saw him take it; I pursued him, he made his escape from me; I took his companion 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Williams
               



             as well as the property; the prisoner never came in the neighbourhood until the evening, when I apprehended, him, I have been after him to apprehend him ever since; I knew him before, I am positive to his person.
Q. What became of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Williams
               



             - A. He was tried here las, Sessions and acquitted; I took the cheese from the prisoner.
Q. Were was the cheese when he took it - A. Just outside of the door, there were eight or nine of them piled one upon another.
Prisoner. I lived eighteen months in one place, that is how he came to know me; he cannot say he ever had me in custody before.
Wilson. I never had him in custody, he lived in a respectable situation in Broad street St. Giles's. This is the cheese.



               GUILTY
             aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
