





1348. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CULLUM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, five sheets, value 12s.; two shirts, value 2s.; two aprons, value 1s.; one umbrella, value 6d.; one table-cloth, value 1s.; one waistcoat, value 1s.; two shifts, value 3s.; one frock, value 1s.; one bed curtain, value 3s.; three handkerchiefs, value 3s.; one shawl, value 1s.; one pair of boots, value 1s., and one napkin, value 1s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Elias
               




            .


                  ESTHER 
                  ELIAS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Elias
               



            , who is a furrier
, and lives in Bell-lane, Spitalfields


. I buy and sell old clothes in the street; the prisoner had lived servant
 with me about a year and a half; I missed things several times, and asked her about them; she said she knew nothing about them. I examined my drawers, and missed these things; I asked her about them, she said they were being mangled. I had got my things from the mangler's the Friday before. I told her to fetch them; she returned, saying, I should have them in half an hour. I went to the mangler's; in consequence of what I heard I examined, and missed all the property stated in the indictment. I got an officer, and the prisoner gave me about sixteen duplicates, I told her she had more; she then gave me a purse containing thirty-three, eight of which were her own, the rest related to my property, by which means I found it. She said she spent the money in gin.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pearl, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Whitechapel. I have an apron, a sheet, a shift, a frock, a table-cloth, a waistcoat, and a curtain, pledged with me by the prisoner. The duplicates found on her are our's.


                  JAMES 
                  HAVEL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have twelve articles pledged with me by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I have two articles pledged with me by the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
