





53. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, one coat, value 4l.; one waiscoat, value 18s.; one pair of trowsers, value 24s.; and one pair of drawers, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  John Garnett 
                  Flowers
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  GARNETT FLOWERS
               



            . I am a tailor
, residing in Leadenhall-street. On the 30th of October the prisoner applied to me for a suit of clothes, and agreed that they should come to 7l. He put down his address,
"Mr. Price, at the Falcon, Pemberton-row, Gough-square." He said, if I would send them at seven o'clock on Friday, he would return the money. I told him that the things would not be delivered without the money. He said he could not expect it. I took the clothes myself; I asked for Mr. Price, and was sent into a room to him. He asked me to take something, and began talking about several things. I asked him to settle with me. He told me to fold the things up, and he would pay me. He asked me if I had a bill of them. I said I would write him a receipt, which I did. He said he would take them up to his room, and bring down the money. He took them to the bar, and asked the landlady for a light. I heard him go up stairs; after waiting some time, I went to the bar, and was informed he was gone out with a parcel.
Q. Did you consider that you was dealing for ready money-A. I did. I told him I could not give him credit, and he said he could not expect it. It was not my intention to part with the things without the money. This was on the Friday. I found him on the Monday at the White Hart, Brook-street; he was going to run out at the back door, but I collared him. I am sure he told me to write a receipt, and he would bring me down the money. back door, but I collared him. I am sure he told me to write a receipt, and he would bring me down the money. I heard a man say to him at the White Hart, Dick, here has been two or three men after you.


                  ANN 
                  TEMPRO
               



            . I keep the Falcon public-house; the prisoner took a lodging at my house two nights previous to his taking the clothes. He took it by the week, and gave me no notice.


                  GEORGE 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out to get the money; when I returned the house was shut. The next morning I heard the officers were after me, and I was afraid to return.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
