





801. 
               
                  JOZE 
                  SEBAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Peck
                        




                     
                  , a coat, value 20 s. a waistcoat, value 6 s. and a bank note, value 10 l.
             his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  PECK
               



            . I am a captain of a ship
. On the 10th or 11th of September, I cannot say which, I was on board a ship. The ship lay at Iron-gate


. I went on board in the evening, about ten o'clock, and went to bed, and on the morning my coat and waistcoat were gone. I had laid my coat and waistcoat close on the bed-side. A ten-pound note was in my pocket-book. The note was found in the Bank of England, and my coat and waistcoat in the prisoner's lodgings, and a bill of exchange. My pocket-book was left on board the vessel.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday evening last, between seven and eight o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner in the house of Mr. Shaw, in East Smithfield. I took him to the office, and searched him. In his pocket I found a bundle of keys. He said, they were the keys of his chests. I asked him how many chests he had. He said, he had four; they were in the house that I had taken him from. I returned to that house, and found these keys opened all the trunks. Captain 
               Peck
             was with me. In one trunk I found a black silk waistcoat. Captain Peck said it was his. In another trunk I found a coat; in the third trunk I found a purse, containing nine guineas, a Spanish piece of gold, and fourteen Spanish dollars, the bill of exchange was in the trunk, where the money was, and two one-pound notes.
Q. How came you to take up this man - A.From information that I had received of the ten-pound note being traced to him.
Prosecutor. The coat, waistcoat, and bill of exchange are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a ship, and bought a coat, and changed a twenty-pound note, and that ten-pound note was given me in exchange, and as to the bill of exchange I found in a pocket-book on Tower-hill.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
