





380. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LUERSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of March
, two gallons of rape oil value 10 s. a keg value 1 s. and an earthen bottle value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Francis Albert Leonard Strich Van 
                  Linschoten
               




            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.
DANIEL BISHOP. I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 21st of March I went to the prisoner at the prosecutor's manufactory. I told the prisoner, in the presence of his master and Joshua Armstrong. I had a warrant to search his house. I asked him if he had any colour or oil in his house; he said he had not. I then told him he must go with me and his master to search his house. I then took him to his house in Hare-street Fields, Bethnal-green; on searching the bed-room we found a bottle containing some rape oil.
Q. What quantity - A. I believe there is something under a gallon now, the bottle if full would contain two gallons; he said that he had taken it from his master's manufactory, that Mr. Ayres the clerk had given him leave to take it. In the lower room I found this keg. I then brought Mr. Ayres to his face, and Mr. Ayres said to him he did not give him leave to take it. When Mr. Ayres said that he had not given him leave to take it, the prisoner made no reply.
Q. to Mr. Linschoten. The prisoner we understand was your foreman, had you a clerk in your service of the name of Ayres - A. Yes, 
               
                  Ambrose 
                  Ayres
               



            . I have not discharged him, I have not settled with him; the prisoner had the care of the keys and the property in my custody, Ayres never had; Ayres employ was in collecting and keeping the accounts. The prisoner said it was my keg or else I should not have known it, it is worth a shilling.
Q. Is that the kind of oil that you had in the manufactory - A. Yes, it cost me 5 s. 6 d. the wholesale price; the prisoner told me when he took it it had about two gallons and a half in it.
Court. If the prisoner had not told you you would not have known that it was your oil - A. No, I should never have known it.
Prisoner's Defence. My master employed me at night to pack up things when he returned from the country to send away before day-light. I told my master, that when my hands were up to my elbows in oil I could not run to the book.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
