





482. 
               
                  
                     RENE 
                     SCOULER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, three hundred diamonds, value 150 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Parsons
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Surill
                  



               
            .
THOMAS PARSONS. I am a jeweller
, in Salisbury-street, in the Strand


; 
               
                  John 
                  Surill
               



             is my partner
. I had diamonds deposited in my work shop to the value of seven hundred pounds, yallow and white diamonds. I am sure I saw them all safe on the evening of the 5th of October. The prisoner worked for me since the month of August in the shop where the diamonds were deposited; all the work men and apprentices worked in that shop. On the evening of the 7th of October, I found I had been robbed; I sent for an officer, and had all my men searched; nothing was found upon any of them. I caused an advertisement to be inserted in the newspaper. I saw some of my diamonds again in Parton-street, in the possession of Mr. Levy. The prisoner left his employ; I had not discharged him. On the 20th of last March, I met the prisoner in Chandois-street, I seized him by the collar, I said, I believe you are the scoundrel that robbed me, you must go with me. I asked him what induced him to rob me; he said, he did not know, he did it in an unlucky moment; it was his intention to replace the property; I replied, that is impossible. I took him to my house in Salisbury-street, before my partner; he begged our pardon, and hoped we would forgive him. I sent for an officer; he was taken to Bow-street. I found about three hundred diamonds at Mr. Levy's, we do not count them, we weigh them; I found them at Mr. Levy's, there was one yellow stone I particularly know; I am sure these diamonds are part of the diamonds I lost.
ISRAEL LEVY. I reside in Parton-street, in the Haymarket. About the beginning of January, a glazier, who had a job to do for me, said he knew a young man that had some diamonds to sell; the glazier sent the young man to me; he had some white and some yellow diamonds; I believe the prisoner is the young man that brought them. I sent for Mr. Isaacs. The prisoner said he had some more to bring me. Mr. Isaacs came, and looked at the diamonds, and while he was looking over them, the prisoner came in with the other diamonds; Mr.Isaacs said, he believed they were stolen, to stop them; the prisoner said he could not stop them; he said, he could, and him also. The prisoner ran out of the house, and left the diamonds behind him; I kept the diamonds until Mr. Parsons came with Mr. Isaacs, and then I delivered them to Mr. Parsons, I am not sure whether they were left in my possession, or Mr. Isaacs's, he can tell; I wish to be correct.
MR. ISAACS. In January, I went to Mr. Levy's house; I there found a parcel of diamonds; they answered to the description of diamonds that Mr. Parsons had lost. I told the prisoner I would keep them, unless he would go to Mr. Parsons, and contradict that they were his property; the prisoner said I could not stop them; I said I could, and stop him too. He bolted out of the house, and never came back for the diamonds; they were the exact weight that Mr. Parsons had lost.
Prosecutor. They are the property of me and my partner.



               GUILTY
             aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
