





846. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, one cruet-stand, value 3 l., and one tea-pot, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Curling
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Curling
               



            , Esq. who lives in Tavistock-place


. On the 17th of May, about four o'clock, in the afternoon, I was putting the things on the tray for dinner, and missed the silver cruet-stand, andmetal tea-pot - they were safe at eight o'clock in the morning in the pantry. A person could get them by going down the area steps, as the pantry is close to the kitchen-door.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner coming down Plumtree-street; he turned into King-street, and ran through Middle-row. I took hold of him, and asked him what he had got in his handkerchief? I pulled it aside, and saw it was plate tied up. He said a man in Bedford-square gave it to him to carry. I took him before the magistrate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave them to me to carry. I saw what it was, and did not know what to do, and was running home to ask what to do with them. Furzeman took me; I pointed the man out to him, but he would not take him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



             re-examined. He did not point the man out.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
