





322. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LAZARUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
, two reams of paper, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM NICHOLS. I am a carman to 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



            , a master carman
. I had twenty bundles of paper in my cart, that I loaded at the Custom-house Quay, I had to take them to Wood-street. On the 20th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I lost a bundle out of the cart, while I was standing at the door in Wood-street


, I had information of it; a bundle is two reams. I had information that an officer had got him in charge from the man who saw him take it out of the cart. The officer is here with the paper.


                  JOHN 
                  WAUGH
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th of March, about half past seven o'clock, on going up Wood-street I saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the way to where the cart was, on the same side that I was on, and then he crossed over the way to the cart that was standing at the door; he looked up at the number or the name of the cart; I saw him take something out from behind the horse in the front of the cart I presume it must be. He came away seemingly talking to himself, he came away from the cart. The cart was about two doors from Bull's Head passage; he turned up Bull's Head passage; I was close to his heels; I said to my partner, Jem, here; I catched hold of the prisoner's jacket at the hind part, he immediately dropped the bundle; I said, Jem, you pick it up; I jumped over the bundle; the prisoner got away; I pursued him into Oat-lane, he was not a yard before me the whole time, I called out stop thief, and he called out stop thief as lustily as I did, and just as he got to the top of Bull's Head passage; I struck him over the legs with a stick, he fell down and rolled over two or three times, and called out stop thief the whole time, I got hold of him; he got up again and said he would not be taken, he said he was an honest man.
JAMES TOMPKINS. I was in company with Waugh at the time. This is the bundle the prisoner dropped in the passage, I took up the bundle, and followed him. We secured the prisoner.
Q. to Waugh. Did you see any other man in the passage besides him - A.No.
Nichols. That is the bundle that was in my cart; I delivered nineteen instead of twenty, this made the twentieth.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 57.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
