





265. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BANNISTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, three yards of cambric, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hillman
                        




                     
                  ,privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PLATFORD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hillman, linen-draper
, 6. Crown-street, Finsbury-square, in the parish of Shoreditch


. The prisoner came into my master's shop. between one and two, on the 11th January, in company with another woman. I was in the shop, and a lad with me. The female in company with the prisoner asked for some French cambrick. The prisoner kept her distance. I shewed the woman some cambrick. While she was looking at it, the prisoner stood about two yards off, and did no ask for any thing. The other woman bought half a quarter of a yard of the cambrick, the price of which was one shilling and nine pence. She gave me a three shilling piece, and I gave her the change. They both went out together; I looked over the cambrick, and missed a piece. In consequence of that, I went about seven doors off, and found the prisoner in another linen-draper's shop. I charged her with being concerned in this transaction. She denied it, and an officer was sent for, and she was taken up stairs. I am confident it was the piece which I have missed.
GEORGE TURNER. I am an officer of Worship-street. I took charge of the prisoner at the linen-draper's shop. I asked her, if she had any thing of the kind about her, and she said, she had not. She was taken up stairs, and searched by a young woman belonging to the house, who went with me.three yards of cambric were found on her. She then said, she had bought it at the West End of the Town; but she afterwards said that the woman who had been with her, had given it to her.


                  ANN 
                  ALLSET
               



            . I was desired to search the prisoner. She took off her shawl, and then pulled the cambric from underneath her stays. I mean the cambric which was afterwards claimed by Platford. She first said, she had bought it, and afterwards she said; that the other woman had given it to her, and at the same time, she wished she had never seen her.
GUILTY, aged 22,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
