





273. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRADFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        North
                     




                  , about the hour of eight, on the 21st of March
, and stealing therein, two decanters, value 5 s.
             his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am a potter and glass-seller
 in Bishopsgate-street


. On Wednesday the 21st of March, about the hour of eight in the evening, I was reached home from my neighbour's house with an alarm that my house was robbed; I came home immediately and found the prisoner in the back part of my shop in custody of the officer, with the decanters, I think, in his possession at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am an officer of Langbourne ward. On the 21st of March, about half past eight in the evening, I was going down Bishopsgate-street, I perceived three men who appeared to me to be suspicious characters; I passed them, and they went against a public house window. The prisoner went to Mr. North's shop, took a survey of the window; he then came back and had some conversation with the other two, then they all three went over to Mr. North's; the prisoner laid hold of the handle of the door while the other two stood round the door; he opened the door and went in, I, seeing that, instantly crossed the way, at the time I got up up to the door he was delivering this pair of decanters to one of them standing at the door; his companion was going to receive them; I I struck the man who was going to receive them over the arm with my stick, he ran away, and I seized the prisoner at the door with the decanters in his hand; I collared him and backed him into Mr. North's parlour; I then asked him what he was going to do with them; he begged that I would forgive him, he only came for a half quartern glass. By that time the master of the house was sent for, and with assistance we took him to the compter. I am sure when he went to the door it was shut, there is a latch you lay hold of the handle to lift it up.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out all day; I broke a glass; I wanted to buy a dram glass. I went into the shop and knocked with my foot, nobody answered; that gentleman ran in, he said, you rascal, you want to rob the shop. There was nobody along with me; the door was standing a jar, it was not upon the latch.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.

GUILTY, aged 28.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
