





991. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GOOSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, five blankets, value 3 l. four counterpanes, value 3 l. eight cushion covers, value 5 s. a swing glass, value 5 s. six bed curtains, 5 l. 15 s. four chair covers, value 2 s. a set of bed furniture, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Campbell
               




            , Esq.


GERGE PETIT. I am an upholsterer. I live in Brewer-street, Golden-square. I placed the prisoner in the care of Captain 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Campbell
               



            's house. I had the care of Captain 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Campbell
               



            's house; I had to see to it, and the furniture. The house is No. 56, Devonshire-place, Portland-place


. I was desired to sell for him by contract; and the the furniture, altogether. I placed the prisoner in it to take care of it, and to shew it to such persons as wished to see it. She is a married woman; I think I placed there on the on the 40th of June last. On the 18th of last month, by the prisoner's husband's master I was informed; he came down to me, and told me; that he had been informed by the husband that she had been making away with the property. Her husband is a chair-maker by trade. From which I went to Marlborough street; the magistrate sent me with an officer to the house to search it, to see whether, the property was stolen or not. I searched it, and found the articles in the indictment missing, and a great many others. There was missing two blankets, two sofa covers, eight chair cushion covers, two pillow cases, a swing glass, five bedside carpets, six bed curtains, 4 hearth rugs, one baize cover, four flat irons, a set of bed furniture, and a pillow; all thesethings were taken out of the house. The prisoner had not given me notice that she had left the house. When I went to the house the husband was there. I expected to find her there. I accompanied the husband to the house where he thought she was. I found her in a room in Windmill-street, where she delivered to me part of the duplicates of the property she had pawned. I then requested she would accompany me to Devonshire-street, where the officer was in waiting; and when she got to Devonshire-street she delivered part of the duplicates to the officer, and part I have received since. She has been in confinement. I took her to Marlborough-street office, She was there committed. On the husband I found no duplicates. I do not think he was accessary to it, nor did he know it, in my opinion. These are the the duplicates I received of her when I found her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent with Mr. Petit to the house in Devonshire-street. The prisoner was not there. I waited there while Mr. Petit went to her husband to see for her. When she came back I received twenty-two duplicates from her. These duplicates led to six pawnbrokers where we found the things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  Compton
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I produce two curtains and two bedside carpets the prisoner pawned with me, on the 10th of September, and on the 7th of October.
Mr. AMBER. I produce a hearth rug pawned by the prisoner on the 19th of August, another on the 20th of August, another on the 12th of August, a hearth rug on the 15th of October, and one on the 5th of September. I produce the green baize and the curtains.
Prosecutor. The whole of the things are here; they were all under my care.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
