





765. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MALONEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, a coat, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bartlett
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I live at 23, Ridinghouse-lane, Cavendish-square; I am a lodger; I am a taylor
.
Q. Did you lose a coat in June last - A. On the 17th of June between eleven and twelve in the forenoon, I sent the coat with a little girl of eight years of age to take to a customer, No. 12, Mount-street, Barkley-square, and after my child was stopped by a woman. I was sent for to go to a public-house in Grovesnor-mews; from there I went to Marlborough-street office; I there saw my coat, and the prisoner in custody. I am quite sure it was the same coat that I had sent out by my daughter; the coat was worth three pounds sixteen shillings to me.


                  JOHN 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a plane-maker. On the 17th of June, between eleven and twelve, I was passing along David-street


, I heard the child 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bartlett
               



             cry; I immediately turned back, and enquired the cause. In consequence of what 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bartlett
               



             told me I pursued after the prisoner in the direction that the child pointed, and after some search I found her in a public-house in Grovesnor-mews; she there had the coat with her; I told her that she had robbed the child of that coat; she said she had done a bad job. I sent for an officer, and she was taken to the police office. The coat was claimed at the office by the child's father.


                  RICHARD 
                  BARCLAY
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I saw the little girl at the public-house. This is the coat I took from the prisoner; the child said it was her father's coat.


                  MARY 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . On Friday, the 17th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was carrying the coat to Mount-street, the prisoner spoke to me and asked me if I was in an hurry; I told her yes. The coat was done up in that handkerchief. She asked me to carry her bundle, done up in a towel round the corner to a butcher's shop in Grovesnor-street; I took the bundle of her: I was to tell them that Mrs. Johnson would call to-morrow. She asked me then for my bundle; I told her I could not spare it. She said upon her word and honor, she would not go away; I gave her the bundle; I turned round and saw the prisoner running away: I hallooed out. I could not overtake her; I told Mr. Watkins what had happened; Mr. Watkins pursued her. I stopped at the corner of Mount-street; he sent a boy for me; I went to the public-house, and saw the very same woman that run away with my coat. I told Mr. Watkins that was the same woman that run away with my coat; my father afterwards came and claimed the coat.
Barclay. This is the coat, and this is the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. It is my coat; I made it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the child in my life, until I saw her in Marlborough-street office; I met a young woman in Grovesnor-square, she took me to this public-house; she saw these men coming in, she gave me the coat in the handkerchief, and ran out at the back door; I stood there, I had not sat down.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
