






317. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAREFOOT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering thedwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wray
                     




                  , about two o'clock in the night of the 30th of January
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one pair of shoes, value 5 s.; one salt-spoon, value 4 s.; one pair of knee-buckles, value 5 s., and 13 lbs. of mutton, value 6 s.
            , his property.
WILLIAM WRAY. I am a tin-plate worker
, and live in High Holborn


. On the 31st of January, about two o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed, came down, and found my bureau broken open, which was in the kitchen, behind the shop - there is a yard behind the kitchen, and another door opens out of the kitchen into Mr. Hopkins's yard. I missed the articles stated in the indictment - I found Wilks in custody at the watch-house.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             WALKER. I am servant to Mr. Wray; I sleep in the kitchen. I went to bed before my mistress, and am not certain whether the door was fastened; at two o'clock I was disturbed, and found two men in the kitchen - it was the prisoners; Barefoot was at the bureau, searched the papers over; he had a small piece of candle in his hand - Wilks stood about a yard and a half from him, between the bureau and the door; I saw them plainly, and am sure they are the persons. I asked them what they did there? they told me to hold my noise, and called me a great fool; I said I would not, and knocked against the wainscot to alarm a young man who slept in the next house - they then began to make their escape; before that Barefoot asked me where my master kept his money? I told him to go about his business, and made the alarm - they went out of the door, which leads into Hopkins's yard - both the doors were open; they were shut when I went to bed. I followed them, and made the alarm; the watchman took them - they ran towards Holborn.


                  SARAH 
                  WRAY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Wray
               



            . I went to bed last on the night of the 30th of January; I shut the door which leads into our yard - it shuts with a spring-lock. I always try the doors after me, but do not know that I did on this night.
ROBERT APPLETON. I am a watchman in Holborn. About ten minutes after two o'clock, the prisoner, Wilks, came and lit his pipe at my box; while he was lighting it, Barefoot came out of Eagle-street - he turned round to see if Wilks had got a light, and both went down Red Lion-street together. In about ten minutes I went and cried the half hour in the direction they had taken; I went towards Hopkins's gate, and saw them both come out of the wicket-gate together - I seized Wilks, and he immediately dropped the boots and shoes. I sprung my rattle - Quar came to my assistance, and picked them up. Barefoot ran across the street, and through a court - I am positive he is the man - he was close to me - the street is lit with gas.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  QUAR
               



            . I am a watchman; my box is at the corner of Dean-street. I went to assist Appleton, and picked the boots and shoes up.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer - the servant described Barefoot to me, and I apprehended him on the 10th of February, at Walker's-court, St. Giles's. I knocked at the door, and asked for Barefoot? he denied his name; I went in, and took him. Wilks sent me a letter, and I went to him in Newgate; he said it was the first time that he ever did any wrong, and that he was concerned with Barefoot in breaking the house open - he told me where to find Barefoot.
WILKS'S Defence. A man passed me - the watchman called out Stop thief! and the man threw the boots down by my side.
WILKS - GUILTY. Aged 19.
BAREFOOT - GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
