





691. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of July
, a wooden chest, value 2 s. and one hundred and twelve pounds weight of tea, value 40 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fry
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Joseph Booth 
                  Watson
               



            .
GEORGE WAKEMAN. I am a carrier. On Wednesday morning. I was alarmed by my watchman, stating, that a man was taken to Marybone watch-house with a chest of tea. I went to the watch-house, and saw the chest there. That is the identical chest. The waggoner delivered the way-bill to me; he is here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLOMER
               



            . I am the waggoner. I received the way-bill of Isaac Boden, the bookkeeper of the Castle and Falcon inn, Aldersgate-street. When I receive the way-bill. I receive the waggon, and all the goods in the waggon. I carry them to my master's wharf, and there I put them.
Q. On what day did you carry this to the wharf - A. Tuesday night. I found out the deficiency on Wednesday morning. I discovered, about half after six, a gap in the waggon.
ISAAC BODEN. I made out the way-bill myself I saw the goods loaded in the waggon. I am able to say that every article in the way-bill was put into the waggon, and was delivered to Plomer. I knew this box was tea. I am sure this article was put in the waggon.
JOHN BOND. I am a hackney coachman. On the 5th of July, the prisoner came up to me about half after nine at night, and said he wanted a coach to go to St. Luke's. I told him to get on the box to shew me the place. In going along, I said, what part of St. Luke's; he said, the City-road; I said, the fare is five shillings and sixpence; he said he had but half-a-crown in his pocket. He jumped off the box, went into a place where they had laid a foundation for some new houses, and brought up a chest that laid in this place. I then said to him, I do not think it is any good; I shall not like to carry it. I turned the coach about. It gave me suspicion that he had not come honestly by it. A dog was barking at the prisoner. He put the chest down; he was sitting upon it. I said to a boy, go and get a watchman. One of the boys got a watchman. Before the watchman came, the prisoner took the chest on his back, and ran across Montague-square. I ran after him, and cried stop thief. A gentleman knocked him down. I am positive the prisoner is the man who first hired me for the coach.
Q. to Mr. Wakeman. Does that chest correspond in all respects with the chest that came in the waggon - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Valiant.
