





24. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WESTERMAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, one watch, value 3 l., and one key, value 7 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James Gordon 
                     Mathers
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GORDON MATHERS
               



            . On the 22d of September, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was returning along Holborn from the City - At Furnival's Inn I took my watch out to see the time, and when I came to the top of Gray's Inn-lane


 my progress was obstructed by a person, who appeared to be endeavouring to turn the corner, another person pressed violently behind me - I disengaged myself from them and crossed the lane. I felt, and missed my watch, and have no hesitation in believing it was stolen at that time and place. I did not observe any of the persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAXWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live on Snowhill. On the 22d of September, to the best of my belief, between twelve and three o'clock, the prisoner's wife brought me a silver watch, five gold keys and three seals, for which she requested the loan of 4 l. - I advanced three guineas, and gave her a duplicate.
Q. How do you know she was his wife - A. She occasionally came to the shop with him as his wife. I do not know whether the prisoner was with her at the time or not. I produced this watch, among others, before the Magistrate, and the prosecutor claimed it.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. You have no reason to say he was with her - A. No; I cannot say positively that he was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHUTER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on another charge - I found nothing on him. I took his wife at the same time, and found thirty duplicates on her. He was detained, and the different watches and things advertised. On Friday the prosecutor claimed this watch. I found no duplicate of this watch on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it of a mechanic named Johnson, who was out of work.
(See Number 10.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
