






699. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MUNDAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, nine yards of cotton, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     James
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     James
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and am in partnership with my brother

 William; we live in Middle-row, Holborn


. On the 26th of March, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoners came to the shop together, and looked at some printed cottons; Wood looked at those which I was showing them, while Munday was looking at some in the window. I observed Munday take a piece of print from the window, bring it to the side of the counter, and give it to Wood under the top of the counter - Wood put it under her pelisse. They said they did not like the prints, and asked to look at a common blue one - they bought a quarter of a yard, which came to 4 d. They were then going away, but my brother jumped over the counter, seized Wood, and took her to the other end of the shop. As she went she dropped the print; Munday attempted to get away, but was stopped at the door. We gave them both in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Our counter is three feet high.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MUNDAY'S Defence. We never saw it.
MUNDAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
