





82. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     BIRMINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, one 1 l., and one 2 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sharp
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and live in Devonshire-street, Marylebone - the prisoner worked for me. On the 14th of November, I took him to Mr. Wiggin's, public-house, where I changed a 5 l. note for a 2 l., and three 1 l. notes. I went into the tap-room and paid the prisoner his wages, which was 14 s. 2 d.; he asked me to lend him a 1 l. note, and to stop the remainder of the change the next week, which I did, and put the other notes into my pocket-book in his presence. We left there, and parted at the corner of High-street. I went to Mr. Sharpe's, the butcher, and changed a 1 l. note there. I am positive I then had a 2 l. and a 1 l. note in my pocket-book, which I put in my pocket, and went home. On the Sunday I only went out to the baker's, and had the same coat on, and my pocket-book in my pocket. Nobody could have taken it out then. On Monday the prisoner came to work. I did not go out that day till after dinner; we then both went to do a job in Park-street


. I pulled my coat off there, and put it on the kitchen dresser; my pocket-book was there safe. I went into the front area, leaving the prisoner alone in the kitchen. I then went on the roof of the house. We came home. I missed my notes, and my daughter gave me some information. I went to the manager, and found a bill there, which I had also lost out of my pocket-book. Next morning I went to the prisoner's lodgings. He was gone. I met him coming, and gave him in charge. He denied it. The constable was going to search him; he put his hand into his pocket and threw some paper like notes into the fire. The other part of the 2 l. note was found in his pocket.


                  AMELIA 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's niece. I saw the prisoner go across the yard and put something into the manager.


                  FREDERICK 
                  ATLEY
               



            . I was constable of the night. I was with Mr. Sharpe, and saw the prisoner come out of his house, secured, and took him to the watch-house. He sat down in a chair. I said he must be searched. He got up and told me stop, as he had something in his pocket which he wished nobody to see but me. He began rumbling in his pocket, pulled part of a note out, and threw it in the fire. I pulled the other half out of his pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  SHARPE
               



             re-examined. I knew it by the writing on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
