





235. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE JANE 
                     THORP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of January
, a shawl, value 4 s. a mantle, value 10 s. a tippet, value 6 d. and a petticoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Harlow
                  




               
            .


                  PATRICK 
                  HARLOW
               



            . I live at Coney, in Hertfordshire


. The prisoner was my house-maid
, I discharged her in January 1811.
Q. Was your house robbed - A. It was.
Q. Among other things was there a shawl lost - A. Yes, from Mrs. Harlows dressing-room.
Q. By what means did it appear that the robbery had been affected - A. From various circumstances, it appeared that the thief found his way into the house the preceeding evening, and secreted themselves in one of the bed chambers, and when the family were asleep they stole the property.
Q. What, the house had not been broken open - A. No.
Q. But you found that some person must have been within - A. Yes.
Q. In the course of last month did any thing occur to you - A. On the evening of the 21st of January in consequence of what my butler told me, between seven and eight o'clock I searched the house, I found one of my rooms in the house fastened on the inside, a key which had been on the outside before was within, I addressed myself to the prisoner, supposing her to be on the inside, I had the door broken open, and found her in the room.
Q. Did you then charge her with being the person who had robbed your house before, in the first place, did you promise her any favour, or threaten her if she did not confess - A. I did not, I was very anxious to know because, I did not know whom to suspect. I asked her whether that was the first time she came there with that intent, she said no, it was not the first time that she came there with that intent. I asked her whether it was her that robbed the house in November, she said it was, she told me that some of the things were at Chelsea. I accompanied Vickrey the officer to her lodgings, she took us to her lodgings, the woman of the house in which she lodged was there, and by her desire took us into a room, and there she produced articles.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKREY
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. The prisoner handed these things out of the box herself.
Prosecutor. I have no doubt they are my property.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
