





240. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BROCKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 20 lbs. of lead, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Constable
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            . I am a book-binder
. I live at No. 4, James-street, Haymarket, in the parish of St. Martins


. On the 17th of December, about a quarter before nine o'clock at night, I was rung for down from my workshop, and found Puddy and his wife at the door, who informed me that they had seen three men force open the front of the wooden trunk, and carry off part of the leaden pipe. I found six or seven feet of the pipe gone - it was fastened to the house by hold fasts.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. It was a foggy night, but the fog was cleared off a good deal; I could see across the street very well.


                  JOHN 
                  PUDDY
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was coming from work about a quarter before nine o'clock, and met the prisoner and two men in James-street, Haymarket. I passed them, turned round, and saw them go up to the spout. a gentleman passed them - the prisoner crossed the road and returned again to them; a gentleman passed them again - the prisoner crossed the street again, went back, and I saw them take the pipe from the wall, and go across the road with it. I went to meet them and passed them some distance. When they saw me, they stopped under a dead wall; I passed them again - they still stood under the wall with the pipe. I went towards my house, met my wife, turned back and met the tallest man of the three; then met the prisoner. His brother stood in Oxendon-street with the pipe on his shoulder. I went and told the prosecutor that three men had stolen his pipe, and I knew them very well; I knew them before - I am sure the prisoner was one of them. He was taken next morning.
Q. Why did you not take them that night - A. I could not find a constable. I knew the prisoner and his brother before, by seeing them about the street; the other man was a stranger, but I knew him by sight.
Cross-examined. Q. You left them in the street with the pipe - A. Yes; to give information to the prosecutor. I live in St. Martin's-street, Liecester-fields. I am positive the prisoner is one of them. There was a lamp over the door. I have done work for his brother. He fetched his shoes away. I did not carry them home. I do not know where they live.


                  ANN 
                  PUDDY
               



            . I was going over to the Haymarket, and met my husband at the corner of the street. He said there was a lead pipe coming down the street, and told me to watch where it went to. I saw the prisoner's brother take it on his shoulder, into No. 50, Whitcombe-street, four doors from James-street. The prisoner and another man assisted in taking it in. The prisoner stood at the door while the other two went in, and thenfollowed them in - he came out and walked up and down for about half an hour. I went over, looked through the window and saw the lead in the shop - it is an old iron shop. I am positive the prisoner is the man - I have known him a long while about the neighbourhood. His mother used to keep a house behind the Haymarket.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you walk up and down Whitcombe-street for half an hour - A. Yes; the watchman called nine o'clock. I did not give him in charge. The house has only a shop door, which is kept open. I saw a woman in the shop. The house was searched next day between ten and eleven - the lead was not found.


                  ROBERT 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 18th of December, I went with a search-warrant to an old iron shop, No. 50, Whitcombe-street, but found no lead. I apprehended the prisoner in the back room, first floor. Mrs. Winship keeps the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to my counsel.


                  JAMES 
                  BRADISH
               



            . I am a brush-maker. On the 17th of December, I was in the prisoner's company at the Porcupine, Newport-street. I met him there about three minutes before nine o'clock, and remained with him till after ten. He was never out of the house all the time.
COURT. Q. Were you intimate with him - A. Only by seeing him at the house. I go there every evening. I get 15 s. a week.
Q. How do you know what night it was - A. It was foggy.
- WINSHIP. I live at No. 50, Whitcombe-street, the prisoner lodged there. On the 17th of December, I was in the shop all the evening. He came home about seven o'clock, went out between eight and nine - I did not see him come in again. I was in the shop at nine o'clock - he was never in my shop in his life. There is a passage separate from the shop - he never brought any lead in the shop. I was out next day when the officer came. Nobody brought any lead into the shop that night.
COURT. Q. You keep an old iron shop - A. No; I deal in rags and phials.


                  ROBERT 
                  EDWARDS
               



             re-examined. When I went to search for the lead, the last witness said she was out of the house till past nine that night. I found a pint and a quart pot concealed under her bed.


                  JOHN 
                  PUDDY
               



            . I heard her say she was out till past nine, and that her shop was shut up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
