





704. 
               
                  JOHANNAH 
                  VICKERY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, a silk gown, and three silver tea-spoons, the property 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Daniel
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .


                  PETER 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I live at No. 3, Meard-street, Soho


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me two days, I detected her in stealing some of my property, and sent for a constable, and on her were found, two silver spoons and a duplicate of a third; and the silk gown was in her pocket. I have had them ever since, and know them to be my property. I have counted the number of the spoons and find three are wanting. The spoons are marked. When we took her, she said it was not her intention to steal them. She said, she was sweeping the floor, and found them. wrapped them up in a piece of paper to keep them clean, and intended to have put them in the closet.I asked her whether she found the gown sweeping the floor; she said no; her young mistress had brought it down for her to try on, and if it did not fit her it was to be taken up again.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOYLE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner came to our house on the 27th of May, and pawned a silver spoon, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Flannagan
               



            , and this is the spoon.


                  PETER 
                  DANIEL
               



            . That is my spoon; here are the other two, and here is the silk gown; they are all my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
