






954. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RUSTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, one pair of trowsers, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am the wife of Isaac Watts, who is a tailor
, and lives in Long-lane, Smithfield
. On the 8th of June, about twelve o'clock at noon, I was called out of my parlour, and missed the trowsers out of the shop. The door was open.


                  JAMES 
                  SWAIN
               



            . I am a butcher. I was going by, heard the alarm, and saw the prisoners running about ten yards from the shop-the people were pursuing them. One had the trowsers in his hand - They were running towards me. I seized them both, but one got away. I kept hold of Taylor, who had the trowsers - He dropped them. Ruston was taken in about five minutes. I am sure he is the man who was running with Taylor.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a tailor. I was passing the shop, and saw prisoners come from towards Smithfield, andstand by the prosecutor's door, Ruston snatched th trowsers off a nail, inside the shop, and gave them to Taylor; they ran away, I called out stop thief! and followed them, I secured Ruston. I am sure they are the men.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RUSTON'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
RUSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
