





855. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, one horse-cloth, value 2s.; one rug, value 2s.; one piece of flannel, value 1s., and one piece of leather, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Boord
                        



                     
                  ; one hatchet, value 6d.; one saw, value 1s.; three brushes, value 1s., one boot-tree, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Day
                        



                     
                  ; one rug, value 2s.; one halter, value 3d., and one roller, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cockell
                        



.
JOSEPH BOORD. I live at Dalston


. On the 7th of May, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I found my stable-door broken open, and the property stated in the indictment gone.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DAY
               



            . I keep the Tyson's Arms, at Dalston




. I lost my things from my house, which joins Boords.


                  JOHN 
                  SWANSBOURN
               



            . I am a patrol. I was sitting on a bench at the Tyson's Arms, about four o'clock in the morning-the prisoner and another man passed me, I followed them; the other man saw me, threw down Day's property and ran away. I took the prisoner, who had Boord's and Cockell's things in a bag. As we returned from the office, he said the other man hired him to carry them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Swans-bourn - He has spoken correctly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The man gave them to me to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
