






63. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTLETT
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CANE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, one pair of folding doors, value 15s.; one lock, value 5s.; four hinges, value 3s.; one iron bar, value 2s.; twenty-four feet of oak joist, value 1s. 6d.; seven feet of deal lop-hole door post, value 1s.; ten feet of oak wood boards, value 1s. 6d.; six feet of elm wood, value 3s.; one hundred and thirty feet of deal wood joists, value 2l.; one hundred and twenty feet of deal wood, value 1l.; and ten deal wood posts, value 1l. 10s.
            , the goods of the 
               
United Company of Merchants, trading to the East Indies



            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Cogdon
               



            .
BENJAMIN BRIGSWORTH. I keep a coal-shed, and have a horse and cart. I know the prisoner, Bartlett, he sells fire-wood. On the 27th of November he came to my house to bespeak my horse and cart; I was to meet him at the Brill, which I did, and agreed to go; next morning he called me up at half-past four o'clock - I got my horse and cart, and followed him to Leadenhall-market. We got there a little before six; he told me to back the cart against the gates, which lead into a yard out of the market. I saw the prisoner, Cane, there giving wood into Bartlett's hand, who put it into my cart-it appeared to be old joists; the yard gates were open. When my cart was loaded, Bartlett told me to drive to Cow-cross; there were two carts, the other was loaded-Wilding had the other cart. Bartlett went on with Wilding, and Cane with me to Cow-cross; I unloaded, and Cane carried it into Chipperfield's yard, in Benjamin-street; we got there about half-past nine. I then drove home. Next day I saw Rice, and told him of it - I took him to Chipperfield's, and shewed him the stuff; we were going along Battle Bridge, and saw Bartlett at a public-house; he saw me, I went in, and found Cane there, Rice secured him, and put him into my cart - He resisted very much - We took him to Somers'-town, where he said he lived; we found it was false; as we were taking him back he jumped out of the cart - We secured him again.

Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Bartlett surrendered himself; he sells fire-wood; I should not sell such wood for fire-wood.
GEORGE 
               
                  BOWLE 
                  WILDING
               



            . I live in Somers'-town; I keep a horse and cart. On the 27th of November, Bartlett applied to me, about eight o'clock, for it, to go with him next morning; he called me at four o'clock, and said he would meet me in the New Road; I met him there about five o'clock, with my cart; he was in Brigsworth's cart: he took us to Leadenhall-market - We got there about six o'clock; he went into the market, and returned and told me to back my cart towards some buildings, which was next to a yard with a pair of gates, which stood half open. Cane brought out some wood, and gave it to Bartlett; I put it into my cart, it was old beams-both the prisoners assisted in loading it; I drew up on one side the market, while the other cart was loaded; Cane then told me to stay, for it was rather early, and the men had not got to work. We left the market about half-past six. Bartlett told me to go on towards the Bank, he went with me; we went to Cowcross, and had some drink there; Cane said something to Brigsworth; Bartlett told me to go to his house with my load, which I did; he lives ten doors from me; I put the wood in his yard, next day I showed it to Mr. Cogdon.
Cross-examined. I did not know that I was acting wrong.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHIPPERFIELD
               



            . I am an auctioneer, and live in Whitehorse-alley, Cowcross; I sell old materials. On the 28th of November, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Cane brought me a load of old stuff, consisting of joists, door posts, &c. He said he should be glad of a little money to pay the cart hire; I asked his name, and where he lived; he said 
               
                  John 
                  Kelly
               



            , Middlesex-place, Somers'-town. I lent him 10s.; the same day, about four o'clock, he came again, and said he thought of bringing another load of stuff, but he took it to another yard like mine at Somers'-town; I asked him if he had taken it to Laxton's yard, he said, yes; he asked for a little more money to pay a bill, and said I might depend upon having two more loads on the Monday morning - I lent him 1l.
JOHN RICE. I am a watchman. I was going round Leadenball-market the day after the robbery, about six o'clock in the morning, and saw Brigsworth's cart backed to the East India House gates-the prisoner Cane was in it; I saw the gates off the hinges, and went to call a watchman; when I returned Cane was gone; I overtook Brigsworth's cart; in consequence of what he said, we went in search of the prisoners, and apprehended Cane at the Maidenhead, in Battle-bridge; Brigsworth said he was the man that was with him; he made a great resistance; somebody stood against the tap-room door to prevent my going in. I tied his hands, and put him into the cart, and took him to Chipperfield's; I then went to Bartlett's yard; I took Cane to Giltspur-street Compter, and in going there I found he had got his hands loose - He immediately jumped out of the cart, and ran away; I caught him.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COGDON
               



            . I am clerk of the works to the East India Company; they have a yard in Leadenball-market, where they deposit old and new building materials. The prisoner, Cane, was labourer to Mr. Poynder, the bricklayer; he has nothing to do with the property; I have seen the wood at both the yards-it is the property of the East India Company.
BARTLETT'S Defence. Cane said he belonged to the yard, and that he had some wood to sell; I agreed to go with him to fetch it.
CANE'S Defence. The carman has taken several loads; a man took me there to fetch the loads, when the officer came he ran away.
BARTLETT-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
CANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
