





78. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BEEDAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, at St. George's, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Wheeler
                        




                     
                  , one wooden till value 6 d.; the sum of 1 l. 11 s. 2 d., in monies numbered, and two 1 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  LETITIA 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Wheeler
               



            , who is a labourer
, and lives in Duke-street, St. George's, East


 - I keep a green-grocer's shop. On Saturday night, the 3d of December, I went into the back-room, I heard a noise, ran into the shop, and saw the prisoner draw the till from the counter, and run away with it. I followed, him, calling out Stop thief! into Philip-street, where he was taken by West - he dropped the till before he was taken - I did not see him drop it, It contained 4 l., as near as I can guess; I was very near to him - I never saw him before - we rent the house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a butcher. On Saturday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner pass my house, with the till under his arm, and heard a noise soon after, of people inquiring where he was gone - I made after him, and stopped him, he threw the till down, just as I laid hold of him. The till contained a 1 l. note, 1 l. 8 s. 6 d. in silver, and 2 s. 10 1/2 d. in copper. It was picked up.


                  LETITIA 
                  WHEELER
               



             re-examined. The till is mine, I know the note - there was another, which is lost.
GUILTY. - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 18.




               Recommended to Mercy
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
