






137. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SPITTIGUE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of December
, six fowls, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Biggs
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BIGGS
               



            . I live in Barnes in Surry


. I keep poultry in the hen-house.
Q. Do you know the prisoners - A. I know nothing of Spittigue. Richardson, when he worked with me, called his name Lamb; he used to take care of my team. I have lost fowls many times before. On Saturday night, the 28th of December, about eight o'clock, I heard clearly that some person was in the yard; we have a large dog in the yard; we wondered the dog did not open, but he being so conversant with Richardson it is not to be wondered at. I understood on Sunday evening that there were two persons apprehended for stealing of fowls. On Monday I found that I had lost more than six fowls; two of these fowls, a cock, and a black and white pullet I knew. On Monday I went to Bow-street, the two prisoners were in custody; these six fowls were produced, they were all dead. I described two of them, and have no doubt but they all came from one place. Two of them I was able to ascertain when they were produced: one a cropper crown cock, the other was a pullet, black and white; I have no doubt in the world of their being mine. They are worth nine shillings the whole of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DURMAN
               



            . I am one of the patrols of Bow-street. On the 29th of December, about two o'clock in the morning, I was going the Fulham-road from town, the prisoners were coming towards town; I met them coming towards London, they were both together; Richardson had a bag on his back, I asked him what he had got there; he did not answer me directly; Spittigue said it was tools they had fetched from Richmond; it was brushes and colour; I told them it was an aukward hour of the night to be carrying tools about; I felt at them and was not satisfied; I told them we were Bow-street officers. We examined the bag, in it were six fowls, and no brushes nor colours. They were dead. The fowls were warm at the time, they had not long been dead. We took one to Knightsbridge watchhouse, and the other to St. Martin's watchhouse. On Monday morning we took them to Bow-street, Mr. Biggs saw the fowls there, he believed them all to be his; he pitched particularly upon the cock. Richardson told me on Monday morning that he got the fowls from Mr. Biggs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am an officer. I was in company with the other patrol.
Q. You have heard the account the other witness has given - A. Yes, his account is correct. On the next morning Spittigue stated that he had called upon Richardson, Richardson asked him to take a walk a little way, that he had left his tools at his late master's; I asked him where he brought the fowls from; he said he stood on this side of Putney bridge while the other went and got them from his late master. In the afternoon when I called upon him he said that Richardson took the fowls from Mr. Biggs of Barnes, he had often took some before: he then said that he stood outside of the gate while Richardson was getting them. The clock struck twelve while he was getting them. He said he had spoken erroneous in the morning, he would state the truth.

Mr. Arabin. All this you obtained without any promise - A. Yes.
Richardson's Defence. Spittigue came to me in the afternoon; we were drinking together; we both went out together; he assisted as well as me; I took the things and he received them of me.
Spittigue left his defence to his counsel.
SPITTIGUE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
