





10. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, three pigs, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Marr
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MARR
               



            . I am a labouring man
. I live at Eastham, in the County of Essex


. I lost three pigs out of my sty on the night of the 30th of October.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWLER
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop. On the 30th of October, between two and three in the morning, I saw two men driving three pigs. At first I was not sure they were pigs, it was so dark. The pigs laid themselves down in the Kennel. I stopped the prisoner, and the other man ran away. I questioned the prisoner a good deal, where he was going; and he said he was going to market at Cow Cross. I told him there was no market that morning. He said that the little pig belonged to him, and that the other two belonged to the other man. Then I said to him that he must give a better account, and when I got near enough to him I seized him. I called the watchman, and he was taken to Bishopsgate watch-house. I gave the pigs up to the officer of the night, and he kept them in his cellar.


                  JOHN 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am the officer of the night, and have had the pigs in my possession ever since. I kept them in my cellar. The prosecutor has seen them, and says they are his.


                  John 
                  Man
               



            . I have seen the pigs, and know them to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a poor labouring man
, and was coming along the road to London, and was accosted by a man who said he would give me a shilling and half a gallon of beer to drive his pigs to London. I bought one of the pigs from him, going along; and when we were stopped in London, he ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
