





82. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PIGOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of December
, two dollars, and two half-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Shaw
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a publican
; I live at the Bull's-head, Leadenhall-street


. On the 7th of December, between six and seven in the evening, I was up stairs at tea, my boy came up stairs to me, for change of half a guinea, he said, he was to take it over to Mr. Jackson, the shoemaker, with a pot of beer; I gave him two new dollars; in the space of two or three minutes, I was called down stairs, my boy said, a man had taken the two dollars from him, he said, he would leave the half guinea at the bar. The prisoner returned into the house again; after he had got the change, and drank some gin along with a woman and a soldier, he was going out, I asked the boy whom he gave the change to, the boy said, that man; I told him he must not go, I should send for a constable, he said, he had no money in his pocket; while the constable was gone for, he took a dollar out of his pocket, he said, is this yours; I said, I believe it is, he said, take it. No, I said, this will not do, I must have another. The constable came, and searched the woman. and found a dollar upon her. The woman had said, she had no such thing upon her. On the woman was found a great quantity of loose halfpence, besides the dollar.
SARAH PEYton. I live with Mr. Shaw; the first time the prisoner came in, he had a man, and a woman along with him: they went in the parlour; he went out, and came in the passage, as far as the last pane of glass of the bar; he called for a pot of beer, to go over to Mr. Jacksons, and change for half a guinea, I asked him if it was Mr. Jackson's the boot-maker, he said, yes, I told the boy to go up stairs to his master, and get ten shillings, the boy came down with two dollars, gave them to me, they were two new dollars, I gave him the two new dollars again, and two old halfpence, and told him to take it over to Mr. Jackson, and he was to bring back half a guinea. In the mean time the boy was gone out, the prisoner came in, and went into the parlour. When the boy came in, he said, that he had given the man the change, and the man was to come in to give me the half guinea, and he gave me no such thing.
Q. Did you ask him. - A. I did, he came out of the parlour, and said, that his wife paid for the gin, he said, that he had ordered no beer at all, nor any change. Then the boy came in, I asked him, he said, that was the man, I told him to stop, I rang the bell for my master, he came down, I told him, that I had sent over a pot of beer, and change for half a guinea to Mr. Jackson's.
Q. Did you see him when he ordered the beer, - A. Yes; I was in the bar at the time; I am sure that is the man that ordered the beer to be sent to Mr. Jacksons.
Q. Did you hear him order any change. - A. Yes; I am perfectly sure it is the man, he ordered the beer and change in the passage, at the glass window.
JAMES ARTHUR. I was down in the cellar doing my work, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Peyton
               



             called me up stairs, and told me to get two dollars; I got them, I gave the two dollars to Sarah, she gave them again to me, with a penny with it, and a pot of beer, she told me to go to Mr. Jackson's; the prisoner stopped me crossing the road, he asked me if that was going to Mr. Jackson's; I said, yes, he asked me for the change; I took out the two dollars, and the penny, he took them, he said, he would give the half-guinea at the bar. I took the beer to Mr. Jackson's, they told me, they never ordered any beer, they never drank any. I am sure the prisoner is the same man that stopped me in the road, about two minutes after that, I saw him in the house, he was coming out of the passage door, I said, he was the same man that met me going across the road; he put the two dollars, and the two halfpence into his waistcoat pocket.
Prisoner. It was in the dark, was it not. - A. It was between six and seven o'clock, the candles were lit up.
Court. Was it light enough to see the man. - A. Yes; he had a light waistcoat on.
- I was a ward officer at that time; I searched the prisoner, and found nothing on him. I understood they had taken a dollar from him. I requested the woman in company with him, to turn out her pockets, she took out a number of halfpence and a dollar. I produce the two dollars, one was given me by Mr. Shaw, and the other I took from the woman.
Prosecutor. I had no mark on the dollar; they hadthe appearance of new dollars. I cannot swear to them, having no mark on them.
Prisoner's Defence. I belong to the Tower-Hamlet militia. I had been to Deptford. on my return, I went into the Bull's-head, Leadenhall-street, with my wife and the corporal, on my going out, I was stopped by the landlord, who told me, that there had been a pot of beer ordered to the shoemaker's over the way, and I was the man that ordered it, they sent for a constable, and searched me, my chief witness, the corporal, who was with me, has got a furlough. I questioned the boy when I was going out of the house, he said, I give it to some man, I believe you are the man.
Arthur. The prisoner asked me if he was the man; I said he was the man that took the money away from me; he asked me if I was sure of it; I said, yes, I am quite sure of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
