





822. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PENSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, one watch, value 1 l. one seal, value 5 s. and one key, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Alexander
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I live at No. 18, Mansell-street, Goodman's Fields, and am marker in Mr. Hippesley's billiard-rooms




; there is a closet in that room, in which a chamber-pot is kept, for the accommodation of the gentlemen who frequent the room. My watch and seal were hanging in this closet. There were only two gentlemen in the room besides the prisoner. The prisoner went into this closet before they came, and did not quit it until a quarter of an hour after they were gone. I did not miss the watch until after they were. I saw the watch the next time at Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Adolphus. I was disposed to consider this a mistake, but I was instigated to the prosecution by a man who I believe has a spite against the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 10, Greek-street. The prisonere pawned this watch with me, on the 8th of July, upon which I gave him fourteen shillings; he did not pawn a seal with it. I am certain it was the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bridges-street, Covent Garden. The prisoner pawned this seal with me, on the 8th of July, for two shillings.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHWIN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner upon this charge at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , opposite our office. He said, so help me God, George, you know I am not capable of such a thing. I searched him, but found nothing on him. I tookhim to the watchhouse, and knowing where he lived, I went to his lodgings, and there found the two duplicates, for the watch and seal, on the table.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  RUTHWIN
               



            . I am an officer. I was with my brother in my business.


                  William 
                  Alexander
               



            . This is my watch and seal. The watch is an old family watch; my father had it ten years, and I had it two.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
