





1277. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Powell
                     




                  , one pocket-book, value 6d.; one 5l. and seven 1l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Cumberland street, Shoreditch. On the 4th of August, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Brick-lane


. I was pushed up a court by several men and women. I had been drinking, but was not drunk. The prisoner pushed me up the passage - I got away as quick as I could. I had been at a public-house close by, and pulled my pocketbook out, which had one 5l. and seven 1l. bank notes in it-the prisoner was there.


                  JOHN 
                  BRUNNINGS
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Union court, Chicksand-street. On the 4th of August, I saw the prosecutor coming along Brick-lane, he appeared to be intoxicated. The prisoner had hold of one arm, and another woman the other. I saw the other woman lean over the prosecutor's shoulder, and whisper to the prisoner, which excited my suspicion. I saw the other woman put her hand into his pocket-nothing was taken at that time. They forced him down Hanover-court; I went to the end of the court, and saw the prisoner pull his pocketbook out. I said, "You shall not rob the man while I am here." Two men came up immediately, and wanted to know what business it was of mine? and asked me why I wanted to hinder the girls from getting a shilling? They kept before me. The prisoner and the other woman rushed out-the men prevented my following her. I told Hardy, and we both followed her - She got away. One of the gang threw half a brick at me. Next day the prisoner was taken. I am sure she is the woman - I knew her before.


                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live in Hanover-court. I saw the prosecutor in the court with two women, he appeared rather intoxicated. I saw the prisoner attempt to take something out of his pocket. I turned round, and called for assistance. I looked again, and saw the pocket-book in her hand - She handed it to the other woman; they ran out of the court. I am positive she is the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARDY
               



            . I live at the corner of Hanover-court. I heard the alarm, saw the prisoner run out of the court, and went after her. I overtook her in Flower and Dean-street, searched her, but found nothing on her, and let her go, as I did not know what had happened. I afterwards heard that she was seen to commit the robbery, and took her next morning.

Prisoner's Defence. I left the prosecutor at the public-house in company with two women; I afterwards saw a mob in the street, and was taken-nothing was found on me. I know nothing of it.


                  HENRY 
                  THORNGATE
               



            . I live in George-street, Spitalfields. I was present when Hardy brought the prisoner into the Virginia Planter, public-house. The prosecutor said he was certain she was not the woman who robbed him, for she had a black gown on. Hardy was present. The prosecutor was drunk.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARDY
               



             re-examined. I took the prisoner to the Virginia Planter; the prosecutor was not there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
