





59. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, one snuff-box, value 15 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Sanford
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .
Counsel for the prosecution, MR. ALLEY.


                  HENRY 
                  SANFORD
               



            , Esq. On the 12th November I was at Covent-garden Theatre


, and sat in the front row of the stage box - I had a silver gilt snuff-box in my pocket. - In consequence of what the officer said I felt and missed it from my outside coat pocket - it was produced to me - I had not observed the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You cannot say you did not miss it - A. No. I am sure I had it in the box.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM BRANDON
               



            . On the night in question I looked through the door of the box between ten and eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner sitting behind Mr. Sanford, who was in the front seat - he was dressed very well indeed. I observed him with his hand at Mr. Sanford's pocket, and saw him feeling the pocket - he had his hat before him; in about ten minutes I looked through again, saw a penknife in his hand, and desired Donaldson to take him in at a private door and search him.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he is the boy - A. I have no doubt of it - he was on the second row - agentleman sat by his side - he held his hat on this side - the gentleman could not see him.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of the information I received I took the prisoner into custody as he came out of the box; he cried out,
"What have I done?" He drew back into a corner. I found a penknife on him. Townsend was there.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoner - he fell back into a corner. I heard something drop from him, and found the box at his heels. I have no doubt but he dropped it. He was in the lobby. It could not have fell from any one else.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Six or eight people were there, for the curtain had just fallen.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             re-examined. Nobody else was near the corner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
