





486. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of May
, a watch, value 20 s. a watch-key, value 4 d. a seal, value 18 d. and a ribbon, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a livery stable-keeper
, Northumberland-alley, Fenchurch-street. On the 4th of May, between eight and nine in the evening, I was coming towards home by Aldgate


, just of the side of Jewry-street, by Aldgate, I was on the outside of the pavement; the prisoner came before me, and snatched the watch out of my pocket. I catched him by the left arm. He held his arm out, as if for some person to take it away; I saw him put his hand back. I catched him by the left arm; I said, my lad, you have robbed me of my watch; I will take care of you; I was taking him across the way to the watchhouse. I delivered him into the hands of Kinnersley at the watchhouse. I told Kinnersley I had been robbed of my watch of a highway or street robbery.
Q. Did you find your watch - A. Not then. I told the prisoner, I would take care of him; the watch would speak for itself, there was the initials of my name on the back of the watch case.
Q. Did you look after your watch - A. No. I have seen my watch since. The next day, the prisoner was brought to the Mansion House; he was remanded until Saturday. On the Thursday evening after, between eight and nine at night, the prisoner's mother came to the yard.
Q. You must not tell what the mother said - A. I never went after the watch. I stuck by the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  MEARS
               



            . I happened to be passing just after the act took place; the prosecutor had seized the prisoner, and charged him with robbing him of his watch. The prisoner told me the watch was there, meaning over the way, under some scaffolding boards; I did not go to look after it; I did not expect to find it there.

MR. KINNERSLEY. I am an officer. Mr. Taylor brought the lad to me. I sent a man over the way to look under the scaffolding boards; the watch was not found there. I took the prisoner to the Poultry Compter. He told me the names of the two boys that was with him were Isaacs and Solomon, and if I went to his mother she would shew me where they lived. The day afterwards; the boys where had up before the Lord Mayor. From their information, I found the watch at 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Isaacs
               



            ', in Wentworth-street. This is the watch. That is all I know.
Prosecutor. This is my watch; I have had it twenty-three years.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
