





717. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Castang
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two, on the night of the 28th of June
, and stealing therein, ten pigeons, value 15 s. and three ducks, value 6 s.
             his property.


                  PHILIP 
                  CASTANG
               



            . I live in the Hampstead-road, St. Pancras


. I rent the house and keep an aviary there.
Q. On the 28th of June did you lose any pigeons and ducks - A. On the 29th in the morning, a little after two, I was called by the watchman; when I came down I found the shop shutters were down, and the sash window was thrown up. On searching about there were five baskets taken out, they were in a little enclosed place next to the front of the street, they had a pair of pigeons each, all the five were gone. On coming into the shop again I discovered a basket too large to go out of the window, that basket was cut and the three ducks that were alive in the basket taken away. I came in at eleven at night, and found the shop shut up in the usual way. I did not examine the windows.
Q. Do you know whether the sash was down or not - A. I should rather suppose that it was not, on account of the heat of the weather. I did not see that any force had been used. The pin was found the same morning in the middle of the street.
Q. Can you take upon you to say that the window shutters were up - A. Yes, I am certain of that.
Q. If they were not pinned it is possible that the shutters might be pulled out - A. They were rather loose; I might myself, by moving the shutters, take one out; I know I could. I saw the pigeons afterwards; the ducks were killed, part of the pigeons were alive.
Q. How many were recovered - A. I think five, they were alive; they were here last sessions. I have sold them. I knew them and the ducks to be my own; I saw them on the 29th, between five and six. I valued the ducks at two shillings each, and the pigeons fifteen pence each.
Mr. Gurney. The two persons that you took with the things you prosecuted last sessions - A. I did.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a constable of St. Pancras.
Q. Did you find the ducks and pigeons - A. I did; the other two prisoners had put them into a hole in the field, there were three together, the prisoner was one of them. I had watched them above half an hour, sometimes one was carrying the bundle, and sometime the other. I saw them carry the bundle between the three, before they went to the hole.
Q. Did the prisoner ever carry it - A. Yes, it was in his possession when I first saw the bundle, and one of the pigeons was in his hand. When I came up close to him at the time, the pigeon was in his hand, the bundle was in the hole. I went up to him at the hole, and passed him, I asked him what he was going to do with it, he said he was going to toss it; Norton catched it out of the prisoner's hand, and put it into his pocket, and said, we will not toss it now; the prisoner said, what use is it bringing the pigeon here without tossing it. I looked at the bundle in the hole, and the moment I saw it, I catched hold of Norton and Walmsley, the prisoner ran off immediately. One of the prisoners that I had got hold of twisted himself from my left hand, and got away. Gates the watchman secured him.
Q. How soon did you see the prisoner after that - A. I did not see him until he was in custody at Bow-street. I think about a fortnight ago from this time.
Q. Had you ever known the prisoner before - A. No.
Q. What time in the morning was this - A. About four o'clock, on the 29th of June.
Q. Had you sufficient opportunity of viewing the prisoner's person, so as to be able to speak with certainty at the distance of two months - A. I had. He was the first man that I looked at. I took somepigeons from the other prisoners, and the watchman searched Norton's pocket, and found others.
Q. Did you find the ducks in the hole - A. Yes, and pigeons, they were shewn to Mr. Castang; he described the ducks before the handkerchief was opened. The pigeons were all alive, there were only five.


                  ROBERT 
                  GATES
               



            . I am a watchman.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the morning of the 29th - A. I did, I saw him about a quarter after after four, there were two more with him, Norton and Walmsley, I saw them in the fields at the back of Gower-street, I perceived one of them with a bundle, I was about one hundred and fifty, or two hundred yards from them. They were coming from the New-road along to St. Giles's.
Q. Were they coming in a direction as if coming from Mr. Castang's house - A. Yes, by coming round the fields to prevent them coming along the streets, as little as they could help, they continued in my sight about a quarter of an hour, they stopped by themselves just before they got to Keppel-street; I was then one hundred and fifty or two hundred yards from them; they stopped there; I pulled off my coat, and put it into the watch-box; I went one way, and the constable the other before. Before I came up the constable had collared one; Crane made a catch at the bundle; Walmsley twisted out of the Constable's hand, and came past me; he was nearest me; I was pursuing him. Crane said, here you b - r, come and catch me if you can. I pursued Walmsley and took him.
Q. Did you know Crane before - A. I had seen him about Somerstown and Pancras a great many times. His father keeps a green grocer's shop just below the Britannia in Campden Town, he lived with his father.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
