





702. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of August
, twelve teapots, value 2 l. 19 s. 8 d. a tea caddie, value 5 s. 6 d. five milk pots, value 10 s. 6 d. a wine pot and cover, value 1 s. two jugs, value 2 s. 4 d. eight saucepans, value 5 s. seven half pint pots, value 2 s. a saucepan and cover, value 2 s. 3 d. a shaving pot, value 1 s. 2 d. a tinder box, value 16 d. two pannakins, value 6 d. eight extinguishers, value 1 s. a japan tumbler, value 9 d. a tea canaster, value 1 s. a snuffer stand, value 1 s. fourteen metal spoons, value 5 s. 3 d. two coffee pots, value4 s. a cheese toaster, value 2 s. 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Robert Wale 
                     King
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Matthews
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Masterman
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Fossick
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM ROBERT WALE KING. My partners names are William Matthews, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Masterman
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Fossick
               



            . We are manufacturers of iron and japanned ware



. The prisoner manufactured horn lanthorns
 for us, he lived in Leather-lane, the corner of Baldwn's-gardens, he kept a tin shop in a small way, he very frequently came to my shop to bring home horn lanthorns.
Q. On what day was he apprehended - A. On the 7th of August, after his apprehension I went with the officers to his house. We searched his shop and house and found the several things stated in the indictment.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . Q. Did you go to search the prisoners house - A. I did with Cave and Lee. We found twelve tea pots, and all the articles stated in the indictment we found the greatest part of them in a cupboard in one corner of the shop, they were not exposed to view in the window in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner at Mr. King's warehouse, in Union-court, we took him from thence to the Compter, in our way to the Compter, he repeatedly requested to see his wife in consequence of that we went and searched his house.
Prisoner's Defence. I worked about ten months for Mr. King, I was in the habit of having a running account for eight weeks together, I generally paid for the things when I had them, and when I wanted things the clerk used to tell me to look them out; I never saw him set down any.
Prosecutor. My warehousemen are Stubbing, Sanderson, and Lush, we call them warehousemen, they act as clerks. I look goods out, but do not enter them. My partners do nothing in the business, I only conduct it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUSH
               



            . Q. You are one of the prosecutor's warehousemen - A. Yes.
Q. If the prisoner wanted any articles in your warehouse he applied to you and you furnish him and make the entry in the book - A. Yes, I did not furnish him with one of these articles now before us.


                  JOSHUA 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . Q. You are another warehouseman, have you sold to the prisoner any of these articles - A. I believe none of these articles, I have known him dealing with the prosecutor a twelve month or upwards, I have looked over the book, I do not find one of these articles in the book to the best of my knowledge, I have always put down every article that I sold to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBINGS
               



            . Q. You are another warehouseman, have you ever sold to the prisoner any of these articles - A. I cannot say that ever I did, I always made the entry of what I sold to him.
Jury. Q.(To Hancock) We would wish to know whether the whole of the property produced in court, was concealed in the house - A. The major part was concealed in the cupboard in the shop, there was a tea-pot and caddie up stairs, and a little tea-pot in the window, that Mr. King said he had not sold.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
