





1146. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ASTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, one pocket-book, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Currey
               




            .
MR. BENJAMIN CURREY. I am a solicitor
, and live in Great George-street, Westminster. On the 24th of June, I was going along the Strand, towards the City; when I was by Exeter Change


 I took my pocket-book out of my coat pocket, and replaced it there. When I got near Norfolk-street


 Mr. Lintott called to me, in consequence of what he said, I pursued the prisoner and another man who was in company with him. I took the other man, and Mr. Lintott took the prisoner. When we got to the watch-house the prisoner took my pocket-book from his pocket, put it on a table, fell on his knees, and begged for mercy. Mr. Lintott had told him it was useless denying it, as he saw him take it out of my pocket. He escaped in going to the office, but was taken again.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LINTOTT
               



            . I am cashier in Messrs. Spooners' hanking-house. I was standing at Messrs. Coutt's door, in the Strand about half past twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner pass and repass two or three times. I then saw Mr. Currey come by and the prisoner close upon him, and a young man behind the prisoner. Just as the prosecutor came to Norfolk-street the prisoner quickened his pace, got close up to him, and got the pocket-book out of his pocket; his companion joined him in Norfolk-street, and they turned into Howard-street. I informed Mr. Currey, we pursued and overtook them in Howard-street. I collared the prisoner, and told him he had something that did not belong to him, he strongly denied it, I said it was useless, for I would swear that I saw him do it. I took him to the watch-house, and sent for a constable, he then took the pocket-book from under his waistcoat, put it on a table, fell on his knees, and begged for mercy.
JAMES FLETCHER. I had the prisoner in custody; he escaped from me, and ran down Swan-yard, while I was pursuing him somebody got the pocket-book out of my pocket.
MR. CURREY re-examined. The pocket-book produced by the prisoner at the watch-house, I am certain, was that which I had lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
