







960. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOOLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloously stealing, on the 19th of September
, one watch, value 20 l. a chain, value 2 l. a seal, value 10 l. and a key, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Rice 
                        Ives
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICE IVES. I keep the White Hart
, in Oxford-street.
Q. Had you your watch, chain, seals, and key, stolen from you - A. I had, on the 19th of September, I was two doors of the other side of Berwick-street, Soho


; I had been in Montague-square. I was returning home; I was quite sober. I met the prisoners in company with seven or eight others.
Q. Were they strangers to you - A. No; I had known them before, but at that moment I did not recollect their persons, although I had known them before; I had known many of them perfectly, and the others I had seen before. They were noisy. I was going off the pavement to make way for them; the prisoner Andrews either was or appeared to be in liquor, he staggered against me, and threw me against the pavement, seven or eight immediately came round me, and took from me my watch.
Q. The staggering against you, you say was done by Andrews - A. Yes; I am positive to his person, he had a white apron on. I had a knowledge of him when I got to the watchhouse. The man that took my watch is not here. I struck him, as he staggered back I saw my watch drop out of his hand. I could have recovered my watch if it had not been for the prisoner Wall.
Q. Did Wall pick up the watch - A. No; he jumped right in between me and the man that took it. I laid hold of Wall by the collar, and kept hold of him by the collar, and kept hold of him until the watchman came up. Tooley and Andrews followed us to the watchhouse; the watchman took Wall to the watchhouse. I observed to the watchman that we must have them as soon as he got rid of Wall; they without any ceremony followed us into the watchhouse, and the moment they came in, I gave charge of them.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a watchman. After I had called the hour of half past twelve, I heard the call of watch; I ran up immediately. I found the prisoner Wall in the custody of the prosecutor; the prosecutor gave charge of him to me. He told me he was the man that prevented him from recovering his watch. There were several people around us in two parties of two and three. We proceeded on to the watchhouse. The prosecutor said, as soon as you deliver Wall at the watchhouse lay hold of the man with the apron on, and I will take the other. On our coming into the watchhouse, Andrews and Tooley came in also, and Mr. Ives gave charge of them immediately; the prosecutor said they were part of the gang that robbed him in Oxford-street, and taken his watch, chain, seal, and key from him.
Q. to Mr. Ives. What kind of a watch was it - A. It was a fine tortoishell watch, the watch cost me twenty-five guineas; the chain was a heavy gold curbed chain, I gave five guineas for it. I havenever seen it since. I advertised the watch, with ten guineas reward.
Wall's Defence. When I was coming up Brunswick-street towards my way home I ran down Oxford-street, Mr. Ives catched hold of me by the collar; he said, I have lost my watch, I shall take you; he appeared intoxicated, and when I was going into the watchhouse, these other two men were taken into the watchhouse. I never saw them before. Mr. Ives stated to the magistrate that I stooped down to make away with the property, although Mr. Ives knew the man who had taken the watch. and as to my moving my arms, they were tired with the watchman holding of them tight.
Andrews's Defence. I am innocent of the crime I am charged with.
Tooley's Defence. I saw Wall in custody of the two watchmen; I followed them into the watchhouse, and then I was taken into custody.
WALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
TOOLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
ANDREWS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.






               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
