





463. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DODD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of February
, five waistcoats, value 15s.; nineteen pinafores, value 10s.; five night gowns, value 5s.; twenty-six pair of stockings, value 26s.; eleven sheets, value 2l.; six pillow-cases, value 6s.; two bolster-cases, value 2s.; twenty-one towels, value 21s.; nine table cloths, value 2l.; two aprons, value 2s.; one counterpane, value 2s.; nine petticoats, value 7s.; twenty-five napkins, value 25s.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Absolam
               



             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mills
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Absolam
               



             only.


                  JAMES 
                  ABSOLAM
               



            . I am a carrier

. and live at Clapham. I am the partner of 
               
                  John 
                  Mills
               



            . I received a bundle containing the articles stated in the indictment, on the 3d of February. I put it on the tail-board of my cart, to take it to Clapham. I went into the Spotted Dog, in the Strand


, I came out in two minutes, and was informed the man had taken the bundle. I run after him up Newcastle-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBLIN
               



            . I am a carrier. I saw a man take the bundle off the cart, and told Absolam of it.


                  HENRY 
                  GUTHRIE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Absolam. I went up Newcastle-street and Wych-street. I saw the prisoner in Blackmore-street, he was walking with the bundle on his shoulder, there was another man with him; he was going to rest, and I laid hold of the bundle, and he ran away. I left the bundle in a shop and pursued him, calling out stop thief! he was stopped. I am sure the prisoner is the man. He left his hat behind him. He had no hat on when he was taken.


                  RUPERT 
                  TURNER
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running; I took-him he had no hat on.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a patrol. A hat was brought into the watch-house, which the prisoner said was his.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
