






395. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January

, one butter-flat, value 3 s., and 28 lbs. of butter, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Codgbrook
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Knighton
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WOOLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he well knowing them to be stolen
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lamb
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LINETT
               



            . I am a waggoner. On the 30th of January I lost a flat of butter out of my waggon, in St. John-street, about four o'clock in the morning - I had come from 
               
                  Milton 
                  Earnest
               



             in Bedfordshire. I hired the prisoner, Knight, to assist me in driving the waggon from Hatfield; I had seen him before - I had two waggons. When we got to Holloway, he left us, and drove another waggon - I did not know but he was in the waggon till I got to Islington. I saw no more of him till I got to Newgate-market. I missed the flat when I got to the George Inn, Smithfield.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a watchman of St. John's, Clerkenwell. On the 30th of January, about a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, Knight, passed me at the end of Parson's-alley, St. John's-lane, close against St. John's-gate, with a flat of butter; he put it down by the side of the Jerusalem tavern, St. John's-gate - I said there was nobody up; he asked me what time I thought they would be up? I said about half-past six o'clock, and asked him if it was for Mrs. Walters, who keeps the house? he said,
"No, I am going to leave it here for a man who used to be in your box." I asked him if the man's name was Woolley? he said
"Yes, I have brought it for him, but I don't know what to do with it as he is not here, and I want to go back to Holloway with my waggon, but will you take care of it till he comes, or the woman of the public-house gets up?" He left it with me. As soon as the public-house was open I put it in there, and said it belonged to Woolley. When I went to the watch-house I saw Woolley there, and told him - I went over to the public-house with him. He put his foot on it, and said it was all right, and he knew where to take it to. I left him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Knight said he brought it from the country - A. Yes. Poor people often have butter from the country to sell in town.
THOMAS THOMPSON. I am an officer. I was informed the butter was lost, and apprehended Knight. He denied it several times - at last he said,
"I own I had lump of it, and sold it to an old woman." I said he must tell where the other was. He said
"There was another man in company with me; he took it out of the waggon, and sat it down by the Bull public-house door, and I took it away from the door to a watchman." I asked him where the watchman's box was? he said,
"He used to stand in the box at the corner of Parson's-alley, but now he stands in St. John-street." He said he had seen him in the morning, as he came down with the waggon, and he asked him if he had got anything for him? I desired him to go with me. I went to Woolley's house about seven o'clock that evening, and found him at home. I said,
"I am come to know about that flat of butter which you had last Saturday morning." He said,
"Oh, the flat of butter, do you?" I said,
"What have you done with it? he said,
"The waggoner and I sold it" - then said
"No, I did not sell it, the waggoner did;" and after that he said he had sold it. I asked him where? he took me to Aylesbury-street, where I found the flat - he had sold six lumps there.
(Flat sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  CHARLTON
               



            . I live in Aylesbury-street. I know the prisoner, Woolley; he called and asked me if I wanted half a dozen lumps of butter; having known him for sometime, I bought them of him for 15 s., that was 15 d. per pound - it was fresh butter. He brought it in the flat.
Cross-examined. He said he had it from a waggoner, and was to have it every week. I used to employ him.
COURT. Q. What is he - A. He does any thing to earn sixpence - he had no employ that I know of - he was in distress. The market price was 15 1/2 d.


                  HARRY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am guard to the waggon. The flat of butter belonged to 
               
                  James 
                  Lamb
               



            , who lives at Milton - it contained fifteen lumps.
KNIGHT'S Defence. I did not take it from the waggon. Woolley paid me 14 d. a pound for it.
WOOLLEY'S Defence. About five o'clock in the morning Knight passed me in St. John-street, and asked me if I knew anybody who dealt in butter? I said, yes, if he had got it honestly. He afterwards informed me that some was left for me. I did not know it was stolen. I sold nine lumps of it, and kept the rest for my family.
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WOOLLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30,




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
