






244. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COUNTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MORGAN 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, fifty-seven coats, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                       O'Donnel
                     




               
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  O'DONNEL
               



            . I lived at Woolwich. I lost these things on the 9th of last month. I had a number of coats after my husband's death; my husband dealt in second hand clothes when he was alive. This Donovan knew me; having been a school-fellow of mine; I had not seen him for nine years before. County came with him to my house; I told them that I was going to sell the few coats I had, and I was then going to Ireland. County said he dealt in all kinds of goods, and that he would buy them from me. He asked me if they were altogether; I told him they were; there were to be fifty-six men's coats, and one boy's. He counted them. I sent out for a penny-worth of packthread, and packed them up. I agreed he was to have them for thirty pounds, and he offered me two pounds in part payment; but I said I would have the whole together, or none. I then went with them, and my son outside the coach, with the goods to come to London. When I got to the Bricklayer's Arms, I asked County if he was going any further, and he said no. I got off the coach, and put them into the passage of the Bricklayer's Arms, and I rolled them into the parlour. County then said to me, I expected a friend here with money; but he is not come. I have got fifteen pounds in my pocket, and if you will come as far as London-street


 with me, I will get a friend that will lend me another fifteen pounds; so I asked him where London-street was, and he said it was not fifty yards from the Bricklayer's Arms. I said to Donovan, might I not as well stop here until Mr. County comes back, and he said I had better go with him. I went with him, leaving my child and the goods in the parlour; Donovan said he would stop, and have an eye to the goods and the child until I came back. I and County set off together, and Donovan staid behind. As I went on with County, he said, I am afraid I won't get this friend within, as it is so late; I believe it was half past eight, in the evening of the 9th. I then said I sha'nt go any further; but shall go back, and remain at the Bricklayer's Arms to night. He told I had better go a little further, for the house was only a little way further; but I went back; he did not go back with me. When I went back to the Bricklayer's Arms, my child, my goods, and Donovan were gone. I did not see either of them until the Saturday following, when the prisoners were taken on the top of a coach. I had gone to Bow-street, and related what had happened to me. I found my child on the Saturday following, at the office. I saw all the goods on the Friday night.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On Friday, the 12th of January last, I was solicited to go with Edwards, and we made all enquiries possible relative to the prisoners; we went to Meard's-court, Old Bond-street; in consequence of some information, and there intercepted a letter in the postman's hands, which was directed to Mrs. County. Afterwards in consequence of further intelligence we had gained, we went to the Green Man and Still, in Oxford-street, and we had not been there five minutes, before three parcels were delivered into the office. My brother officer and I seized them; they are here. When the prosecutrix saw them at our office, she claimed their contents, which were fiftysix coats. These parcels were delivered at seven o'clock, and we did not see the prisoners until ten o'clock the same night; we did not apprehend them ourselves. I asked them where the boy was, the prosecutrix's son and Donovan said that he was at Mr. Marshall's, the George public-house, in Greek-street, Soho. I went to the house to escertain whether what he told me was correct, and I found the boy there.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . Corroborated the account of the last witness.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I keep the George, Greek-street. Donovan came to lodge with me on the 24th of December; I have seen the other prisoner come to him at my house. I know a little boy who was found at my house; Donovan brought him to my house; he had nothing with him but the little boy.I asked him where he brought the boy from, as the boy seemed very uneasy, and he said, that the boy had lost his mother, and he had been trying to find her, but could not that night; but he would in the morning. They got up in the morning at about ten o'clock and breakfasted together. I asked Donovan for some money which he owned me; he told me if I would make his bill out, he would pay me in the course of ten minutes. He went away; but never returned; he left the boy with me.


                  JOHN 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman, and drive for Mr. Mumford of Kennington. I was sitting down a fare at the Bricklayer's Arms, on the 9th of January, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and a man came out of the house, and asked me if I was engaged; I told him I was not, and he said I have got a good job for you, to go to Bond-street; immediately afterwards Donovan and the man who spoke to me, brought a large bundle to put into the coach; but it was too large to go in. I told Donovan to roll it over the bind wheel, and I would get a rope to fasten it behind; but I told him, unless he rode on it, and took care of it, I would not be answerable for it; he had a little boy, whom he put into the coach. He ordered me to drive to No. 3, Meard's-court, Bond-street. When we got there, Donovan and a watchman carried the bundle on the right hand of the court. He asked me my fare, and I told him there was a little boy in the coach, and he said, oh! then bring him up. I brought the boy up, and left him in the parlour with a woman and Donovan. The next morning Mrs. O'Donnel came to my employers; she found out that I was the person who drove Donovan, and I told her where I had driven him to.


                  ROBERT 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of January, I went to Tyburn turnpike, and soon after a stage coach drove up to the gate, and the two prisoners were pointed out to me, on the outside; it was the Beaconsfield coach. I took Donovan, and County jumped off the coach, and was making his escape, when the turnpike man stopped him; I took them to Covent Garden watchhouse.
At the instance of MR. GURNEY, as counsel for the prisoners, the case of County was reserved for the consideration of the twelve Judges, upon the question, whether he could be convicted in Middlesex for stealing property, with which he was in no wise connected by any evidence in that County.
DONOVAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COUNTY, GUILTY, aged 34.



               Judgment respited
               




.
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
