





680 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SLATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, twenty-four pair of stockings, value 3 l. 10 s. a coat, value 5 s. five cloths, value 5 s a pair of gloves, value 1 s. and a basket, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Lacey
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  LACEY
               



            . I live at Caseborton. On the 28th of May, about nine o'clock on Saturday morning, I came to the top of Fleet-market with two bundles in a basket; they contained all the things in the indictment, and a great deal more. A person came to me at the top of Fleet-market, and said, Mr. Lacey, where are you going; I told him to the Oxford Arms, Warwick-lane. He addressed me as though he had known me. He went down Fleet-market with me, turned up Snow-hill, and instead of going into Warwick-lane he turned into Giltspur-street. I told him I was going to the Oxford Arms, Warwick-lane. I told him that I had never been to the Oxford Arms but once before. He said he would be my porter and my pilot. I gave him the two bundles in the basket that I was carrying on my own back, and some money to pay him for his trouble; and when we got into Newgate-street, he turned up Giltspur-street, and went to the Fortune of War. I followed him to the Fortune of War, and when we came to the Fortune of War, this said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Slater
               



             sat on the bench. I never saw him before. We sat down there. The prisoner joined company with me and the other man; he sat, and had two or threepints of porter. I then said, I must go; the prisoner, Slater, then said, I will walk with you, if it is agreeable. They went behind me some of the way; we came up to Newgate-street; I turned round for Warwick-lane. The girl that had been with the prisoner at the Fortune of War, came and laid hold of my arm just then, and said, master, let us go and have something to drink, and as soon as she caught me by the arm, I looked round after the prisoner and the other man; they had turned round the corner. Instead of running after them, I ran after the girl, imagining she could discover where they had gone to; the girl got away from me. I next saw the prisoner at Hatton Garden office, on the Wednesday following. This happened on Saturday, Whitsun-Eve. On the Wednesday following I saw the prisoner at Hatton Garden office. I had given information of the transaction. I am sure when I saw the prisoner, he was the person that run away with the other man with the property, and I am sure now that the prisoner is the same person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of the prosecutor describing to me the man who had run away with his property, that one of them had a crutch; on the Wednesday I apprehended the prisoner at a public-house in Portpool-lane. I searched the prisoner; in his pockets I found these two gloves. I shewed them to the prosecutor; he said, they were his; he bought them at a shop in the Poultry. I went there, and Mr Dean said, he bought four pair. I took the prisoner to the office. I have not found any more of the property.
Prisoner. Q. to Prosecutor. You had them gloves packed up in the basket; did you see them any more after you bought them, until you saw them at Hatton Garden office - A. I did not see them until Mr. Read brought them to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I had occasion to go and see a person confined in Bartholomew's Hospital; I went to the Fortune of War, at the corner of Cock-lane; I sent a female to this person in the Hospital, and I was sitting at the Fortune of War waiting for the return of this female, waiting for her to come out again; I had not been long at the door, before the prosecutor came up with a shabby man; he was so intoxicated he could hardly stand; he set down by the side of me; he drank out of my pint of beer, and handed it to the other man. I said, I thought it insulting to make free with my beer in that way. I had another pint of beer, I came out with it; he said I will have some again. After that, he had a pot of beer, and paid for it. Then this woman that I had sent into the Hospital came back. He got up, and said, is this your wife; I said, no. He kissed her again; she took hold of his arm. All this passed while the prosecutor was sitting between me and the man that had the property. Before the magistrate he said, I did not speak a word with the man that had the property; neither did I touch it. He insisted upon my going with him to shew him the way to Warwick-lane, as he was dubious of the person carrying them. I went with him; the woman and the man went arm in arm, and as soon as I got to the corner of St. Sepulchre's church, I turned the corner, and went down Snow-hill; it was my own way home; I left them to go their way. I never saw any more of the prosecutor until I was taken. These gloves are my own property. I leave it to decide whether he can swear to them gloves, or not; he having never seen them after he bought them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
