





709. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 6th of July
, eight handkerchiefs, value 8 s. being part and parcel of the goods whereof 
                     
                        James 
                        Smith
                     



                   confessed himself guilty of stealing
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, Smith, on the 6th of July, it was facing of Carlton-house; that was the day the rejoising took place; I saw him picking pockets opposite of Carlton-house; at the time he was picking of pockets Arnett was waiting for him at the corner of the Haymarket


; I saw him take some of the handkerchiefs out of his pockets, and some out of his breeches, and deliver them to the prisoner, Arnett; she put them all in her pocket; he left Arnett, and went into the mob again. I left Jeffreys, the Marlborough-street officer, to watch him; I took Arnett into custody while he was absent; I took Arnett into the Opera-house, and searched her; I found eight handkerchiefs upon her, cotton and silk together; four silk handkerchiefs. I saw James Smith deliver them to her; there is not one of them but what is marked, and all of them have different initials. I seized 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



             at the corner of the Haymarket. I took from him a bunch of keys, a cork-screw, and three handkerchiefs; he had been at work again; I knew Smith before. All the handkerchiefs were marked with initials.


                  CHARLES 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . I watched Smith in the mob; he picked as many persons pockets in the mob as he could.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to see the lights; I lost my acquaintance; Smith came up to me; he said would I hold the handkerchiefs until he came back.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
