






220. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               





             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     IR-WIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d December
, one pistol, value 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rae
               




            .
THOMAS RAE. On the 2d of December I was robbed of a quantity of pistols and swords; I also lost some shot, bullets, and about a hundred flints.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  SAMUEL
               



            . I was in the Minories


. There was a great mob there; Mr. Rae's house was broken open; when the soldiers came up the mob flew in all directions.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. There were a great quantity of arms lying in the street.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. When the soldiers came, they took possession of the spot where the arms had been thrown down A. They did.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I am an officer. I received information that the prisoners were in the George public-house; Bacon and I went in, and found them sitting in a box; I took hold of Irwin, and desired him to get up - He was sitting on the sword. (I produce it.) Bacon took Holdsworth. The pistol did not appear to have been fired. Both sword and pistol were quite clean. Woodward brought me some balls and some shot.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The sword was behind them both; the box was not much longer than the sword. Neither of them could have been in the box without knowing that the sword and pistol were there.
WILLIAM BACON. I was an extra-constable on that day. I apprehended Holdsworth. The last witness has spoken correctly.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . After the prisoners were brought out, I searched Holdsworth; I found two gun-flints, and a small quantity of shot, mixed with powder, on him.
Cross-examined. It was a mixture of different shots.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . When I took the prisoners their boots were very dirty, and their clothes also were muddy. The arms were quite clean.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I am a smith; on the 2d of December, I was at the George public-house; I saw the prisoners taken into custody. After they went out I found some shot, balls, flints, and a charge, at the foot of the table where they sat-all on the floor together; I gave them to Griffith immediately after they went out. I did not see them bring any thing in with them; they were alone in the box, it would not hold more than two.
Cross-examined. There might be a dozen people in the room. Nobody had been in the box before them while I was there.
WILLIAM OSMOND. I am clerk at Lambeth-street Police-Office. When the prisoners were examined, after the witnesses had given their depositions, I saw the magistrate make his minutes, and know that they are correct.(reads) "Holdsworth says, I am a footman, I had left my place; I lived with Mrs. Hill, Fore-street, Cripplegate. I went to my mother's on the 2d of December; about half-past nine I went to Mr. Parr's office for servants; I then went to 
               
                  George 
                  Howard
               



            's, in Long-lane, and stopped there about two hours. I went to Bishopsgate-street with Howard - I left him there. I was quite intoxicated, and did not know what I was doing; some men told me to come and see what was the matter; I endeavoured to get out of the way. When I was in the Minories, the soldiers dispersed the mob, I then met the prisoner, Irwin, who said we might as well pick up the muskets as the rest, and we did." "Irwin said, I am a painter. On Monday last I went to St. George's, in the Borough, and then to Bishopsgate-street. I met Holdsworth in the Minories. The arms were lying in the middle of the road, and I picked up the pistol."
JOHN GRIFFITH. It was a dirty day; the pistol could not be picked up in the street without being dirty.
Cross-examined. Would not setting onit at the ale-house, clean it - A. it was cleaner than it is now. (produced).
MR. RAE. The pistol is mine. The sword is not mine. Randals', in the Minories, were robbed as well as me.
HOLDSWORTH'S Defence. I saw the mob in Houndsditch, and went with them into the Minories; I was rather intoxicated; I met Irwin, and he said, we might pick them up as well as others. I found the powder in my pocket, I did not know it was there.
IRWIN'S Defence. I saw the arms laying in the road, and thought, I might pick them up as well as the rest.


                  ESTHER 
                  CASEY
               



            . I live in Long-lane, Smithfield; the prisoner, Holdsworth, called on my son, on the 2d of December, sometime between eleven and one o'clock, in the morning, and staid a very few minutes.
HOLDSWORTH-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
IRWIN-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Borrough.
