







1009. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     SMITH
                  





                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             and

                     JOSEPH 
                     PARKER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of October
, two hundred and thirty three pounds of lead, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Row
                     




                  , spinster
, affixed to a house of hers
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROW
               



            , I am father of Catherine Row. she is a single woman.
Q. Do you know any thing of the loss of lead, which was affixed to any dwelling house of hers - A. I do; the house is situated 48, Upper Berkley-street, Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


.


                  GEORGE 
                  BATHY
               



            . I am a patrole of St. Giles's. I apprehended Price on Saturday evening, the 22nd of October, about half past seven, it was dark, I seized hold of Price, in Belton-street, Short's-gardens, Drury-lane, he was sitting upon a bag, which covered some lead; I took him to the watch-house. The lead weighed one hundred and thirty-three pounds; the lead is here; it was claimed by Mr. Row. I did not see the other prisoners.


                  MARY 
                  BLOOMFIED
               



            . I am a lodger; I am a mantua-maker. On the 22nd of October, I saw all the three prisoners together, a little after seven in the evening; Price had a bag with a large quantity of lead in it; they went into several marine store shops, and asked them to buy it; they would not buy it; then it was lifted on Parker's shoulder; Price said, we will not go down Bow-street. I met 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Shears
               



            ; we agreed to follow them. They went into Belton-street; they asked a woman to buy it; she said, no. Then they throwed it down at an old Iron shop; Price said, I know, it is right now. I ran up Belton-street; I saw two patroles; I gave information of what I had seen, and directed them to the prisoners.


                  SARAH 
                  SHEERS
               



            . I am a washerwoman. On this Saturday night, I saw all the prisoners together; Mrs. Broomfell pointed them out to me in Little Earl-street; I am positive to the persons of all three; two of them were taken that night; Wilson, a Bow-Street officer took Smith; the patrol took Price. That is all I know. Parker ran off at that time.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am a constable of padington. I apprehended Parker on Monday, the 24th of October, in Oxford Road; Mr. Martin asked me what I thought of that man, he had some lead on his back; he put the lead down in a gateway, and set upon the lead; a soldier helped him up with the lead; he crossed Oxford-street; he came from the corner of Queen-street, Grovesner-square, to the further end of Oxford-street; there I laid hold of him, and asked him where he was going with the lead he had on his shoulder; he told me he was a porter to Mr. Stevens in King-street Seven Dials. I told him that was not the way to take it to the Seven Dials; he was going towards Grovesner-square. I took him to Marybone watchhouse; the watchhouse keeper was not there then. We took the prisoner with us to find his master at the Seven Dials; we could not find a Mr. Stevens; he got into a public-house at one door, and ran out at the other. I pursued him and catched him again, in a cellar in Munmouth Street, and brought him again to Marybone watchhouse. I could not find out a Stevens, his master. The weight of the lead he had is one hundred and thirty pounds. I went to the house in Upper Berkley-street; I saw that lead had been taken away, and the lead that Parker had been a part of that lead.
MR. MARTIN. I live at 32, Adam Street West I was walking in Berkley-street, on Monday the 24th of October, in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner Parker coming out of the front door of the house, with the lead on his baek; he shut the door after him; I followed him into Oxford-street, and gave information to the constable.
Smith's Defence. I am innocent.
SMITH 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
PRICE 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.
PARKER 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
