






713. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , alias 
SIMMONS





            , and 
               
                  ANN 
                  SMITH, alias 
NEWMAN




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of September
, five yards of muslin, value 8 s. 9 d. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        M'Pherson
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Rees 
                           Rees
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  EVAN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am shopman to John M'Pherson and 
               
                  Rees 
                  Rees
               



            , 268, High Holborn, and 253, in the parish of St. Giles's in the fields


. On the 10th of this month, the prisoners both came into the shop together. They desired me to shew them some cambric muslin. I shewed them some; they bought a quarter of a yard. A lady came in while they were looking at the muslin; she desired me to shew her some flannel, and while I was shewing the lady the flannel, I saw Williams, as if she was drawing something up under her dress. I suspected that she had taken something. They bought a quarter of a yard of cambric muslin. Smith paid for it. They went about two doors from our shop; I followed them, and desired them to come back, and when they came in the shop, Williams dropped a piece from under her dress. An officer came in, and they were taken in custody. This is the piece, it is five yards, worth about eight shillings. It is my master's property.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I was passing by, a gentleman came out of the shop, and told me what had happened. I went into the shop, and took the two prisoners into custody. I knew the short one.

 William's Defence. I am innocent of the crime, and I deny stealing the property.
WILLIAMS, GUILTY, aged 20,




               But not of privately stealing in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Gibbs.
