





11. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, in the King's Highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Abrahams
                        




                     
                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 7 l. two gold seals, value 4 l. and a watch key, value 5 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . My last situation was butler to my lord Oxford. On Monday the 18th of November
 I was coming through Jerusalem passage


 into Aylesbury-street, it was just turned twelve at night; my great coat was open, my seals were hanging out. The prisoner pushed his arm against mine, and took from my fob my watch.
Q. You were not under any alarm at the moment, were you - A. I was not, until I felt the watch going. I clapped my left hand down, it was gone; I caught the prisoner by the collar of his coat, he asked what I did that for; I saw some men behind him, they did not come up; I said you have robbed me of my watch: he then struck me on the eye; I then tried to secure him, he struck me in the mouth; I had hold of his collar, and then I took hold of the skirt of his coat, and the coat rent up the back to the collar; I then got the other part of the skirt, but he turned his head towards me, and slipped his arms out of the coat. When he escaped from me I halloaed stop thief, my eye and mouth were very much bruised; my mouth bled very much; I saw him run straight down Clerkenwell Green; I did not follow him.
Q. At this time did you see any thing of the two men - A. Not when the prisoner escaped it was dark. I saw no more of the prisoner until I saw him in the watchhouse.
Q. How long was that after - A. About ten minutes. because we searched for the watch; we found the case, not the watch; I was informed the prisoner was taken, I went in the watchhouse and saw him, I knew him; I said, that is the man that robbed me. The prisoner at that time had no coat or hat on.
Q. Do you know how he came to lose his hat - A. My hat was knocked off in the scuffle, also I found the case of my watch close by where I was robbed, it was picked up and given into my hand. I have never got the watch again or the seals.
Mr. Arabin. Whoever this person was you had lost the watch before the blows were given - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I was in Clerkenwell Green coming out of the Crown Tavern about five minutes after twelve. On my coming out I heard a faint voice from Aylesbury-street crying stop thief, it being very dark, and the place very wide I got into the centre of the green as fast as I could; I saw a person running towards me on the flag way opposite me, this person had neither hat or coat that I perceived running I ran across to stop him; I missed him. I had this cane in my hand, I threw my cane after him and lost the head; a thought came into my mind that the person who was running away without his coat and hat was running away in consequence of a fight; that was my conjecture. I got my cane, and was proceeding home; on going into Aylesbury-street I saw Mr. Abrahams without his hat; I asked him if he was robbed; he told me he was by the person that ran down the green. I immediately called to the watch for a light. When the light came I found two hats, also a coat, it lay close to my feet; the first hat I picked up; I announced it. Mr. Abrahams said, there is a particular name in my hat; that was his hat; I picked up the other hat. I accompanied the watchman who carried the coat and hat to the watchhouse, the prisoner said he was fighting in Aylesbury-street, and that was his coat, and hat, and hoped to get it; it being a cold night the constable gave it him. The prisoner was afterwards searched, there were four or five handkerchiefs found stuffed in his breeches.


                  JAMES 
                  PANKERS
               



            . On the night of the robbery I was returning from a friend's house in St. James's walk the watchman going past twelve. On my arrival in Aylesbury street I saw the prosecutor and the last witness; Mr. Abrahams said he had been robbed, and that the villian had ran off. I saw the watch-case picked up, the prosecutor claimed the case; I accompanied him to the watchhouse, he there charged the prisoner with the robbery, and the prisoner claimed his coat and hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a carpenter. I heard the cry of stop thief just as I was at the top of Red Lion-street, I saw the prisoner coming right before me; I stood in the middle of the road and faced him; I thought of throwing him down; he gave me a slip and got upon the pavement, and then out ran me. I pursued him, calling out stop thief; he was stopped in Ray-street by Maycock the watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  MAYCOCK
               



            . I was watchman. On the 18th of November last I heard the cry of stop thief, I was in Ray-street, I saw the prisoner coming running towards me, he had no hat or coat on; I stopped him and took him to the watchhouse, and left him with the constable. I went out to see what he had done; I saw the prosecutor in Clerkenwell Green, he went with me to the watchhouse; as soon as he came in he said, that is the man that robbed me of my watch.
JURY. Did Mr. Abrahams appear in liquor - A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was constable of the night. On the 18th I heard the cry of stop thief, I opened the watchhouse door and saw the prisoner run by; I ran after him and Maycock stopped him. Mr. Abrahams gave me this watch case.
Prosecutor. That is my watch case.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
