





750. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of August
, four shirts, value 3 l.; two table clothes, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Moore
                  




               
            , Earl of Mountcashell, in the kingdom of Ireland
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEALY
               



            . I am a servant to the Honourable 
               
                  Robert 
                  Moor
               



            , second son to the Earl of Mountcashell; he lives with the Earl.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant in the house - A. No; she was brought into the house by a servant in the house; the family were out of town.
Q. Who was left in the care of the house - A. 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Ebroll
               



            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  EBROLL
               



            . I am house-maid to the Earl of Mountcashell. The prisoner was recommended to me by some of the fellow-servants, to do some washing for us. The prisoner came about the latter end of June, and continued in the house until the 19th of August. We missed two pair of sheets, four tablecloths, and other things. I found a duplicate of a tablecloth in the pantry, by the side of the bed where the prisoner slept; and, on the next morning, 
               
                  William 
                  Healey
               



             got a constable, and searched and found the duplicate of a shirt.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in custody. I searched her pockets and found nothing. I then took her to the watch-house. I went to the pawnbrokers and found the table-cloth. I returned to the watch-house again, and searched her again. I found three duplicates pinned inside of her stays. I searched her further, and found two duplicates under the inner sole of her shoe.
- HOSKINS. I am a servant to Mr. Mulcaster, pawnbroker, Chandler-street, Grosvenor-square. I produce a shirt belonging to William Healey, a sheet belonging to the Earl of Mountcashell.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUPTON
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  David 
                  Cameron
               



            , pawnbroker, 318 in the Strand. On the 15th of August, the prisoner pledged a sheet; and on the 17th another sheet; and on the same day another sheet.
Charlotte Ebroll. The sheets I can swear to are the Earl's property, and this is the shirt of my fellow-servant.
Prisoner's Defence. I took them out of a basket. She went to Vauxhall. She desired me not to put the chain across the door. I did She could not come in, so we had a falling out. I had neither tea or sugar. I went to get a friend to take them out; they would not give me time. I am a relation to the old Lord; he is not in town.
GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
