





1548. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, two silver spoons, value 4s., and one pair of sugar-tongs, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Orton
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  ORTON
               



            . I am a widow, and live in William-street, Hampstead-road


. On the 21st of September, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was at breakfast - I left my front parlour to go into the kitchen. I returned, and saw a man's hand in the window, taking a spoon off the table - I also missed the sugar-tongs. I saw a man running from the house, a gentleman pursued, and brought the prisoner back, who I believe to be the man by his dress and figure.
FORTUNE GUILLOIS. I was in Mary-street, and saw the prisoner and another young man, in a brown coat, at the prosecutrix's door, a gentleman came out, and both ran away, the prisoner turned to the left, and the other man turned to the right. The gentleman called out Stop thief! I pursued - He jumped over a pailing, and then over a ditch. I cried out Stop thief! but could not follow him. About three days after I was attacked by the young man in a brown coat - He struck me several times, and said if I appeared against the prisoner, he would be the death of me - I am certain the prisoner is the man, he was taken about five minutes after the robbery, in the field, by the constable. I had him in sight all the way till he got over the pailings, I then lost sight of him for a minute.
JAMES BIRK. I am a constable. I heard the last witness cry stop thief! and followed the prisoner down the road; he turned up Edward-street, jumped over the pales, and then over a ditch; I went over after him, ran round the ditch, and two men stopped him in the Regency-park. I brought him back, and am positive he is the man. I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the people about a pond; I was stopped as I went to see what was the matter. I was not near the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
