






122. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COX
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BOTWRIGHT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Skene
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 30th of December
,putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, a gold seal, value 10 s. a gold watch key, value 1 s. and a watch ribbon, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SKENE
               



            . On Sunday, the 30th of December, at about eleven at night, I was at the end of Castle street, in the City-road


, I was going home, I saw three men meeting of me, one of them snatched my gold seal, key, and black ribbon, it was hanging to my watch, out of my fob, the ribbon broke, and the watch remained in my pocket; that was done by one of them, he instantly ran away with it, and at the same instant another of the party gave me a violent blow at the side of my head.
Q. Could you distinguish it was one of the three men that gave you the blow - A. Yes, it was one of the three men; that blow was given at the same instant the person took the seal; or perhaps a few seconds after, it was not before. After I perceived it I turned round, and then I had the blow, just as the other was running. I then discovered that they had robbed me. I immediately pursued the thief.
Q. Did you see the man that had taken the seal, key, and ribbon - A. Yes, he ran away and I pursued him.
Q. What became of the man that gave you the blow - A. I did not see him. I followed the man that took the seal and key towards Finsbury-square to Providence-row, I kept him in sight all the way, at the lower end of Providence-row, he struck against a post and fell, he immediately got up again, and ran across Wilson-street, I did not catch him. Crossing Wilson-street he fell again, and I collared him; I kept my hold of him; several watchman came up, I gave him in charge of two of them.
Q. Are you sure you kept the man in sight all the time - A. Yes.
Q. And the man that you gave in charge was the same man that had taken your seal and key - A. I am positive of it. It was a fine clear frosty night. I requested two of the watchmen that were there to look after the seal; I was certain he had not dropped it before he came there; it was a clear night, I could have seen it. It was brought to me the next day. I went to the watchhouse with the prisoner Cox.
Q. And that was the prisoner Cox that you so secured - A. Yes, he was searched at the watchhouse, the seal and key was not found upon him.
Q. Did you take notice at all of the man who snatched at you seal and key at the time that he did it - A. I took notice of him particularly; I know his person; I could not perceive his face; I kept him in sight, and took him to the watchhouse; I am certain Cox is the person.
Q. Did you take any notice of the man that gave you the blow - A. No. I observed three together, I believe Botwright to be one of the three.
Q. You had not observed him particularly - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  PATEY
               



            . I heard the alarm of stop him, past the hour of eleven o'clock, on the 30th of December; I run, I saw the prosecutor and another gentlemen with the prisoner Cox, the prosecutor gave me charge of him; I took him to the watchhouse, and afterwards I searched the place, in consequence of the prosecutor's desire, that same night, I picked up the gold seal, key, and black ribbon, I took it to the constable of the night, I found it within a few yards of where I took charge of the prisoner Cox, they were laying on the foot pavement.


                  FOSTER 
                  HEWITT
               



            . Q. You were the officer of the night on duty at the watchhouse - A. I was; the prisoner Cox was brought to the watchhouse a little after eleven o'clock. It was about an hour afterwards when the watchman brought the seal, key, and ribbon to the watchhouse. These are them.
Prosecutor. They are my property, and they are the same that was snatched from me that night.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILD
               



            . I was going my rounds past eleven o'clock, I heard the cry of, stop him, I turned round, I saw the prisoner Botwright, he was running up, Windmill-street, towards Finsbury-square, I collared him, and delivered him up at the watchhouse.
Cox's Defence. I had been up to the Green-gate in the City-road, I was rather intoxicated in liquor. I live in London Wall; I heard the cry of stop thief; I run over, I saw a man run before me, and I ran after him; the prosecutor was behind me; I fell down, the man before me run on.
Botwright was not put on his defence.
COX - 


               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Of stealing, but not violently from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BOTWRIGHT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
