





1072. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SURR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, six yards of green cloth, value 30 s. six jackets, value 18 s. six pair of shoes, value 30 s. five yards of blue cloth, value 50 s. twenty-six yards of Irish linen, value 2 l. 5 s. a sword, value 20 s. and three yards of scarlet cloth, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Arthur Oates 
                     Hepden
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Croome
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Deakin
                  



               
            ,


                  ARTHUR 
                  OATES HEPDEN
               



            . My partner


's names Jame Croome and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Deakin
               



            . I carry on my business in Parliament-street


. The prisoner has been my labourer
 about fifteen months. In consequence of suspicion about a month or six weeks ago I caused a search warrant to be issued to search the prisoner's house.


                  JOHN 
                  NELSON LAVENDAR
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the search warrant to search the prisoner's lodgings in an alley in the New Cut, Lambeth. I there found all these articles I produce. I told the prisoner I had come to search his place. He turned very pale, he said the devil must be in him; he wished he had taken his wife's advice; the pitcher never went to the well so often but it came home cracked at last.
Prosecutor. They are all my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
