





44. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     CORDELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , on the 21st of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, two blankets, value 2s.; one sheet, value 1s.; one bolster, value 1s.; one counterpane, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bishop
                        



                     
                  ; two pots, value 1s. 6d, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Penn
                        



                     
                  ; and one canister, value 3d.; one glass, value 3d., and one gown, value 1s.
            , her property.
MARY WILLIAMS. I lodge in Frying-pan-alley, Cowcross


, on the first-floor. On the 21st of November I went out about nine o'clock at night and locked my door - I returned about half-past ten, and found it broken open, and the property gone.
Cross-examined by MR. REYNOLDS. The house is let out in lodgings. I do not know whether I shut the street - door.
Q.Was you not taken up for stealing a watch - A. Yes, six months ago-the prosecutor had been with me that night. He lent me his handkerchief - I returned it to him at the office. I took him to my lodgings.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . The house belongs to me, I do not live in it.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a headborough. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, with a bundle containing the property. He said he brought it from his aunt's, who was dead. I found the counterpane in his pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner, with the property, in Turnmill-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I found it by her door.
GUILTY. Aged 35.
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
