





431. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, thirty-six yards of ribbon, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Toone
               




            .
VALENTINE TOONE. I am a hosier and haberdasher
, Bishopgate without


. On the 13th of March I was called into the shop by the shopman, who was serving the prisoner some ribbons, soon after I came into the shop, he gave the prisoner what he had sold to her; she was about to go, he caught hold of her, and told her to give back the pieces of ribbon she had taken out of the drawer; she denied haveing any, she put her right hand into her pocket, and bought her hand behind her; I then saw her with athe ribbons in her had I saw her drop them behind her, I picked them up, I gave the ribbons to the constable.


                  ISAAC 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Toone. On Saturday the 18th of March, the prisoner came into the shop and asked to look at some ribbons, I had one customer in the shop serving with lace; I took out the ribbon drawer and put it before the prisoner, the other customer desired me to cut off some lace; in the mean time I turned my head I saw the prisoner take her hand from the drawer, and put some ribbons into her pocket; I cut her off about three quarters of a yard at three-pence halfpenny a yard and gave it to her, she paid for it, another customer came into the shop, I called out for Mr. Toone, who was in the back parlour and desired her to give me the ribbon which she had put into her pocket, she said she had no ribbon, she immediately put her hand into her right hand pocket and threw the ribbons behind her, I saw her take them out of her pocket and likewise saw her throw them down, Mr. Toone picked them up, the ribbons were given to Sapwell.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I produce the ribbons.
NICHOLSON. They are my master's property,
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman came into the shop and took the two pieces of ribbon off the stool, he said they were the pieces that I had in my pocket; I never had them in my pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
