







521. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     IBBOTSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MITCHELL
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SYMONS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Cooper
                     




                  , widow
, about the hour of eight in the afternoon, on the 28th of June
; the said 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Cooper
                     



                   and others, in her dwelling house then being, and stealing therein, two clocks, value 9 l. three gowns, value 6 l. two petticoats, value 8 s. a neck lace, value 8 s. a pair of ear-rings, value 7 s. two tablecloths, value 6 s. a counterpane value 5 s. two night gowns, value 5 s. a shawl, value 3 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and one binder, value 6 d.
             her property.


                  SARAH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live at the Horse and Groom. in Maiden Lane, Covent Garden


; I keep the public house
.
Q. Were you at home on the 28th of June - A. Yes.
Q. Did you miss any property from your dwelling house that day - A. Yes, about half after eight in the evening, from out of my bed room where I sleep, in the one pair.
Q. Do you know whether the door of that bed room was fastened or locked - A. There were two doors to the bed room, one door was in constant use, the other door was always kept locked, both the doors were locked.
Q. Look at the prisoners, had you seen them before - A. I saw Ibbotson and Symons, about three o'clock that day, and I saw Michell with them, about seven o'clock in the evening, they were all three together then when I saw them, they were in the ground belonging to the house, playing at bumblepuppy.
Q. What is that - A. A game that they play with balls.
Q. Had they been playing that game before Mitchell came - A. No, they began that game after they were three.
Q. What were the two others doing from three o'clock - A. I do not know, they had a pot and a pint of beer, and a pint of gin; I saw Mitchell in the tap room once, I did not see him after the robbery was committed.
Q. What did Mitchell do in the tap room - A. He was smoaking a pipe and had a pint of beer.
Q. Where were the others at that time - A. I do not know. After they had been there, a lodger came down for her supper; she told me my bed room door was open, my servant went up stairs, upon her coming down she told me that my bed room door was open. I shall know the things when they are produced. Ibbotson and Symons were at my house the day before; they came there together.
ELIZABETH HALL. I am a servant to Mrs. Cooper. On the afternoon on 28th of June, about five o'clock, I saw the prisoners, they were playing at bumblepuppy.
Q. About what time did they go away - A. About nine o'clock, it was just duck.
Q Did you hear any conversation among them - A Yes, about four o'clock, in the yard, they were all together; Ibbotson said he would lay any thing that the old woman was worth money, it was said when I was cleaning the yard.
Q. Do you remember one of the lodgers coming down that evening - A. Yes, about a quarter after nine, I went up immediately, and saw my mistress's door was open, and the drawers; I went down and told her directly.
Q. Did you go up to your mistress's bed room - A. Yes.
Q. There were two doors to that bed chamber - A. Yes, and the one that was never used was the door that was forced open, that door was always kept locked, and the other door was always locked except when we wanted to use it; when I went up stairs the door was open and all the drawers were open.
Q. How lately before you went up had you seen the door - A. About three hours before I had been up. The door that was always used was locked, I had locked it before, and I gave the key to my mistress; I had not had the key after that, and before I locked the door, the drawers were all shut.
Q. When you went up afterwards and found the door open, could you distinguish in what manner it had been opened - A. It had been forced open, and the door was open, and the bolt of the lock was shot out.
Q. Do you know what had been in these drawers in that room - A. Yes, I know what I put in the drawers in the morning.
Q. Did you examine the drawers when you went up - A. I ran and got a candle, I examined the drawers, and there were several things gone.
Q. And you are sure you saw all the three prisoners playing together at this game at the back part of the premises - A. Yes, I saw them altogether in the yard, about five o'clock.
Mr. Reynolds. Your mistress said Mitchell did not come till seven - A. My mistress did not go out of the bar.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            , I am one of the Bow-Street, patrols. On the morning of the 29th of June. I saw Ibbotson, about twenty yards before me, in Drury Lane, with this bundle under his arm; I ran after him, and till I got within three or four yards of him, then I slackened my pace and watched him; I followed him to the Cock and Magpie, in Drury Lane, I followed him into that public house, he went in alone, the other two men, and a woman were at a table and seemed to be casting up something with chalk figures, the figures were chiefly 6 and 8, it did not in all exceed a pound. Ibbotson shoved the bundle up in the corner of the bench.
Q. Were the others sitting upon the same bench - A. Yes, they got up and endeavoured to conceal it. Mitchell and Symons got up; they put their back towards it and their faces towards me. I then told Ibbotson, I must see what that bundle contained. One thing I omitted, Ibbotson had a leather apron on, he took it off, and gave it to Mitchell as soon as he came into the room, and Mitchell tied it round him. When I asked Ibbotson for the bundle, he said it does not belong to me it belongs to that man, pointing to Mitchell; Mitchell then jumped up and began to shuffle about the room and wanted to go out; I then told him he must not go out, I will shoot the first man that went out of the room; he then said he wanted to go to the privy, he said I might go with him; I replied you shall not gocut at all. I am going to take you to Bow-street; he then said, d - n my eyes if I will go to Bow-street, and jumped out of the window. Stanley, was with me; I said to Stanley, fetch him back again. Stanley fetched him back again. Before he got out of the window I took this stick off the seat where he sat; I stood it up against the edge of the door, and when he came in again he moved it to another bench on the right-hand side of the room. I searched Mitchell, and found on him, two keys, and a room door key a knife, three one pound notes and a watch. I returned him the notes and the watch. I searched Ibbotson, and found a pawnbroker's ticket on him, and a knife On Symons, I found a knife that is used in house breaking, a hunting watch, a dollar and a pair of earrings; I kept nothing of his but the knife. I looked round the bench were the stick was put, these three keys were laying on the stick as though they were all layed down together. They are two skeleton keys and one parlour door key. I examined the bundle, and then sent to Mrs. Cooper; she came and owned the things. I had received information the night be fore that her house had been robbed.
Q. Was any thing produced by the landlord of the house - A. Yes, another picklock made on purpose for opening room doors was produced by the landlord, his name is Day.
Q. Have you any doubt about the persons of the prisoners - A. None at all, I knew them before. The bundle has been in my possession ever since.
Mr. Knapp. You know there are three forty pounds reward in this case - A. I think if there is any reward, I am entitled to it.


                  AUGUSTIN 
                  STANLEY
               



            . Q. Do you know any thing more of this matter excepting being sent out to fetch Mitchell - A. No, just as he got to the bar door and was pulling it open, there I laid hold of him.


                  JAMES 
                  DAY
               



            . Q. You are landlord of this public house in Drury Lane - A. Yes.
Q. There has been a picklock produced, which the officer said he received from you - A. Yes, this is it, I found it in a box of bran, exactly behind where the officer searched Mitchell
Q. Had you seen it there - A. I had not, I know nothing of it. The bran had only been there ten minutes, I had but just sent out to the shop for it.
Ibbotson's Defence. I am totally innocent of what is alledged against me.
Mitchell's Defence. Mr. Lack has said false towards me, I never went out of the room at all.
Symon's Defence. On the morning the property was found in the public house, I was going to a gentleman who is in Court, to receive an order; his name is Stanton. I called into the public house, and a woman that was along with Mitchell asked me to have a glass of ale; I sat down, and Ibbotson came in with this bundle, and with respect to the other house; I saw the two other two men go in there, and a coachman; I went in and had a game with them.
Ibbotson called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Symons called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
IBBOTSON, GUILTY, aged 20.
MITCHELL, GUILTY, aged 32.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only and not breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SYMONS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
