






883. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DOVE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Michael Duffield 
                           Slater
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 1 s. a bank note, value 10 l. a 10 l. promissory note, a warrant for the payment of 78 l. 3 s. and a warrant for the payment of 3 l. 16 s. his property
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DUFFIELD SLATER
               



            . On the 3d of October I was passing through Eastcheap


, about two in the middle of the day. I felt a pull at my pocket. I immediately clapped my hand upon my left hand coat pocket; I missed my pocket-book. I turned round, and discovered the two prisoners close behind me. They were walking together, as if they were in company together. Upon my turning round they both crossed the road. To make quite sure, before I pursued, I searched all my pockets, and as soon as I found my pocket-book was gone, I gave the alarm of, stop thief. The prisoners then both ran down Love-lane, towards Thames-street. I pursued them. Dove was stopped in Love-lane, and Johnson was stopped in Botolph-lane. They were both taken without my losing sight of them at all.
Q. Before Johnson was taken did you see him throw anything away - A. I did not. My pocketbook was produced afterwards. In about ten mi- minutes Mr. Fielder produced it to me. I am sure it was my pocket-book. It contained a ten-pound note, a Warwick ten-pound note, and two drafts; one of seventy-eight pounds three shillings, and the other for three pounds sixteen shillings; and I found the same memorandums that I had in my pocketbook.


                  GEORGE 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I live at No. 20, Eastcheap. At the time of this transaction I was in Little Love-lane; I met two men, which I have not the least doubt are the prisoners. I did not hear the cry of stop thief, at the time, therefore I proceeded home, and as I turned round, seeing them run, I turned again, to see which direction they took, and as I turned I saw the pocket-book laying on the ground, nearly opposite of the gates of Brown's warehouse. It was in the direction where they had run over. I picked it up. I afterwards gave the pocket-book to Mr. Slater, with the contents. Mr. Slater claimed it as his. I have not the least doubt of either of the prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler. I live at No. 20, Little Eastcheap. I was standing at my door. When I first went to my door, Eastcheap was quiet, and when I had been there a few minutes, two men ran across the road, and a gentleman was following them, crying, stop thief. That gentleman was Mr. Slater. They ran down Love-lane, and I after them. My house is at the corner of Love-lane. Mr. Slater, and others, pursued them. I saw Johnson drop the pocket-book, as if he was throwing it behind him. I was not two yards behind him. I was going to stoop for it, but Mr. Fielder happened to be coming by. He picked it up.
Q. Did you see either of them taken - A. No. I saw them going to the Compter about ten minutes after. The two men that I saw going to the Compter, were the two men that run down Love-lane.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUFFY
               



            . The two prisoners were given into my charge, and this pocket-book.
Prosecutor. That is my pocket-book.
Johnson's Defence. I am innocent.
Dove's Defence. The same.
JOHNSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
DOVE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
