





786. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 8th of April
, feloniously and knowingly, and without lawful excuse, had in his custody and possession, three forged bank notes, well knowing them to be forged
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 8th of April I went to Plough-court, Fetter-lane


, with Mr. Warwick and Jeffries. While I was searching there the prisoner came in. I searched him, and found a pocket-book in his breeches-pocket, containing two good 1l. notes, half a guinea, and some silver; in his other breeches-pocket I found a small bag and a purse - I put them into a hat which was on the table; the prisoner made a rush and threw the hat off, Warwick picked it up - He could not seize them. The bag contained three 1l. notes, which I gave to Warwick, after marking them-(looking at three)-these are them; they were new and had never been in circulation. I told him they were forged, and asked him where he got them? he said he knew nothing of them, and they were not his. When he returned from the magistrate, he said if he could be permitted to go at large, he would assist in detecting the person who had supplied him with the notes, and who had been the means of bringing all his family into the situation they were in.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. He said he bought them of a dealer in forged notes. His mother had pleaded guilty to this offence a short time before.

CHARLES JEFFRIES. I was with the last witness - He has spoken correctly.


                  JOHN 
                  WARWICK
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes. I was with Foy and Jeffries; the notes are forged in every respect, both paper, plate, and signature; they are all from the same plate, and have never been in circulation. The prisoner said he knew nothing of them, and that they were not his.
(The notes were then put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Sunday, the 12th of April, I went to my mother in Horsemonger-lane gaol-she gave me the notes to give to Mr. Garner; I forgot to take them, and never thought they were in my possession. On Wednesday, when I went home, I found Foy searching the place - He found them on me. I did not know I had got them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
