





447. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Kidd
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of three in the afternoon on the 29th of May
, Sarah, the wife of 
                     
                        John 
                        Everest
                     



                  , and others in the same dwelling, being therein, and feloniously stealing a pair of shoes, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Kidd
                     



                  ; a pint pot, value 5 s. a coffee pot, value 5 s. three bottles. value 6 d. a quart of wine, value 4 s. a pint of gin, value 1 s. and seven shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hollingsworth
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. For like offence, only stating it to be the dwelling house of 
               
                  William 
                  Hollingsworth
               



            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  RAYMOND
               



            . I am a watchman; last Wednesday, morning, at half past three in the morning he was at a little distance from from Mr. Kidd's house talking to another watchman, I saw the street door was open, and saw the prisoner at the bar come along the passage and out of the door; he made a bit of a stop at the door, and then he proceeded towards Giltspur Street; when he was going from the door I called to him to stop, he then hastened his pace, I took a pistol from my pocket, and told him if he did not stop that I would fire at him, he turned round and told me to fire away as soon as I liked that he could do the same; he took to his heels and ran down Cock Lane, I pursued him and sprang my rattle, I kept in sight of him, he turned round Snow Hill and crossed Skinner-Street down Seacoal Lane, he turned down Bear Alley, and at the bottom of Bear Alley the watchman got hold of him, I called out that is the man that ran out of Bartholomew coffee-house; we took him to Sepulcre's watch-house; I went to the house again, I found a watchman and a patrol at the door, I went up stairs and knocked at the landlord's door, he and his wife got up directly, we came down stairs, the bar door and the till had been broken open, and a small saw laying by the side of the till, then I went away to the watch-house.
Q. You are sure he is the man that came out of the house - A. That is the man and no other that came out of the house, I have seen the prisoner before many times at Mr. Martin's, in Fleet Market.


                  JOHN 
                  CURMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the rattle spring, it was a little better than half past three o'clock, I waited at the end of Bear Alley and took the prisoner; there Raymond came up and charged him, I took him to the watch-house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  KIDD
               



            . I live at Bartholomew Coffee-house


, on last Wednesday morning, between half after three and four o'clock in the morning, I was awaked by the watchman, I answered him and came downstairs, I saw my door had been forced, but the cellar flap had been lifted up, and the cellar door at the top of the stairs was open, the lock had been pushed back, the sash of the bar which slides on the hatch was broken off and the money till was broken open and emptied of its contents, which was seven or eight shillings in copper; I misseda plated coffee-pot, a plated pint tankard, two bottles of white wine, and one bottle of gin; I went with the watchman to the watchhouse, there for the first time I saw the prisoner; the constable of the night shewed me a pair of shoes, they were mine; the prisoner was present, he took a pint mug off the shelf at the watchhouse that I missed, and gave it into Mr. Everest's hand, and said, this belongs to you.
Q. Who does these things belong to - A. To the assignee of the bankrupt, 
               
                  William 
                  Hollingsworth
               



            ; I am there on the commission of bankruptcy; Everest is the husband of the woman that is with me as a servant.
Mr. Alley. The dwelling-house is not yours - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to speak to the mug - A. The mug I had in my possession; I can swear to the shoes, they are my own.


                  GEORGE 
                  WARRALL
               



            . I was constable of the night. When I went into the watchhouse I saw the prisoner sitting in the watchhouse, Raymond said he saw the prisoner come out of Bartholomew coffee-house; I searched him, I found a seven-shilling piece, a half-crown, a shilling and six-pence base money, and two or three shillings that were good, and two handkerchiefs in his hat. I looked under his chair, I saw them shoes. The pint pot was given into my hand, I said this was not found on the prisoner since I have been in the house: they said no, he had taken it from the mantle-shelf and given it to a man.
Q. to Mr. Kidd. Look at that pint pot - A. That is my pint-pot which was in the house at the time I was there. The coffee-pot has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I had spent the evening with a person of the name of Smith, who said he was a salesman in Smithfield; on my passing the house above mentioned a person came out and seemed to drop the articles that were found on me; I picked them up and had got scarcely twenty yards before I heard the cry of stop thief, I pursued and called stop thief; I lost sight of the man, and I was stopped; I told the watchman I would go any where with him; I was taken to the watchhouse, and after being there a few minutes I thought I might be suspected; I put the mug on the shelf, and the shoes under the chair; when the person came in I took the mug off the mantle piece, and said this is yours, I suppose.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
