





396. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cook
                     




                  , a pocket-book, value 6 d. and five 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, 103, Pall Mall. On the 6th of March, I was in the Court of King's Bench, Guildhall


, listening to a trial that was going on. There was a great crowd. When I went home I found I had lost my pocket-book; it contained five one-pound bank notes. I know I lost it in the Court of King's Bench.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. On Saturday, the 6th of March, I, in company with Branscomb, was attending the bankrupts in Guildhall. I observed the prisoner coming down the steps under the clock, and seeing him rather in a bustle, and knowing of him, I told my partner that I thought something was amiss. We let him go down the steps by the Town Clerk's office, into Basinghall-street; I then followed him to the corner of the White Bear, Basinghall-street. I laid hold of him, and I unbuttoned his coat, and immediately perceived this book half way in his breast pocket. I asked him what he had got there. He immediately began to cry. I gave the book to Branscomb, and proceeded to search him. In his pocket I found a little silver, and a pair of scissars. I then took him to the Compter, while Branscomb went to Guildhall to look for the owner. This is the pocket-book.
Prosecutor. That is my pocket-book; I lost it in Guildhall.

- BRANSCOMB. I know no more.
Prisoner's Defence. Saturday being a leisure day I went to Guildhall to hear the trials. I came out of Guildhall, and picked up this pocket-book on the steps. I came out, and went into Basinghall-street. Mr. Brown tapped me on the shoulder with a cane; he said, Isaacs, what do you do at Guildhall. I said, nothing but to hear the trials. He opened my coat, and took the pocket-book away, and afterwards he took me into custody.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
