





1028. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, 675 yards of silk, value 200l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Foot
                  




               
            .
BENJAMIN GOULDING. I am servant to Mr. Joseph Foot, who lives in Church-street, Spitalfields


 - He was out of town. On the 9th of June the prisoner came to Mr. Foot's shop-this was the first time that I saw him. He desired to look at some umbrella silks; he looked at one piece, and agreed to buy two, he was to pay ready money for them. He ordered them to be sent to his house at five o'clock, and gave me a printed card, from which I copied his direction-it was "
               
                  Solomon 
                  Cohen
               



             and Co., Ship Agents, Newroad, St. George's" - I returned the card to him. The two pieces came to 40l. 9s.; I went with them myself, and found Solomon Cohen and Co. Ship-agents, written on the door. I saw the prisoner there, he paid me in the counting-house, which appeared to be a place of great business, there were some slop-goods there-he did not take a receipt. The next day, about eleven o'clock, he came again, and ordered two more pieces of the same sort; I took them to his house at five o'clock as before. He told me to bring them to his house after Change hours - I left them there without the money; he said he would call with it the next morning, which he did-he paid me 25l. 18s., and ordered two pieces of umbrella silk, and one piece of parasol silk, amounting to 60l. 3s. - I delivered them between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. He then told me he expected a large order from a captain, and if we could serve him well, he would give it to us. On the 12th of June (next day), about eleven o'clock in the morning, he came and paid me 61l., which left a balance of 17s., and ordered twenty-four pieces of umbrella silk, and said they must be very low, and I must take off ten per cent. discount, as he bought for cash - I had only taken off five per cent. before. The order being large, and for ready money, induced me to consent to take off ten per cent.; they were to be delivered that evening, after Change hours; he fixed five o'clock for me to deliver them, and for him to pay for them. I looked out eighteen pieces-the amount of them was 472l.; after deducting the discount it was 425l. I went with Pearl, a ticket-porter, who carried them. I only took eighteen pieces, because I thought the order was large, and I wished to be cautious. I made the invoice accordingly. I took a blank receipt stamp with me. I got to the house at six o'clock, and found the prisoner at home - I was shewn into the counting-house to him; the porter staid in the passage with the goods. The prisoner ordered him to put them down, began looking at them, piled them up upon the floor, and told the porter to go, and said he would give me something for him (this is not customary), the porter did not ask him for any thing. The porter went out. I asked for the money-the prisoner got out his cash-box. The porter staid in the passage; I had desired him not to go away, the prisoner heard me tell him so. The prisoner asked me if I could give him the difference of a check for 700l., he put his key into the box, I do not think he opened it; he neither shewed me the check, nor said what house it was upon. I told him I could not, and asked him if he would favour me with the check; he said it would be of no service to me, as the banking-hours were over; I could not put it to any use, but I might have the money in the morning, as soon as the banking-house was open. I pressed him several times to give me the money, he said he could not pay me, he had only that draft in his box, and was unable to pay me-several words passed about it; I was induced to take his word and leave the goods, believing at that time that he would pay me in the morning-it was expressly understood that I was to go for the money at nine o'clock the next morning (he told me to call at nine o'clock for it). I left the house about seven o'clock in the evening. I went back again that evening, not being satisfied in my own mind, in about five minutes, and the servant told me he was not at home-(I had not left the house above minutes, and was in sight of it all the time) - He might have gone out; I did not see him again that night. I went at nine o'clock the next morning, and was told he was gone to Limehouse. He called on me at eleven o'clock, and asked if I had been to his house? I told him I had. He asked me what I had been for? I told him for the money. He said he had come to order the remaining six pieces (which I had left out of the order), to make up the twenty-four, and ordered six more also - He left me to look them out, and told me to bring them at the usual hour, and a receipt with me, for the goods which I had delivered the day before, and those which were now ordered. I asked him for the money for the eighteen pieces I had delivered, as he was out that morning when I called. He said he had been to the captain who had bought them, and was now going to a coffee-house to meet him for the money, and he would pay me for the goods at five o'clock. I told him I would not let him have the goods without the money for the former - He said he would pay me for the whole, and he did not desire me to leave the goods without receiving the whole amount-the amount of the six pieces was 228l.8s.2d.; after deducting the discount it was 200l., making, in the whole, 625l. At five o'clock, Deighton, our porter, went with me with the goods. I told him we should not leave the house without the money or goods. We got there exactly at five o'clock - A female servant opened the door, and said Mr. Cohen was not at home. I took the goods to a neighbouring public-house, staid there till near six o'clock, and then went to the house again, and found he was at home; I fetched the porter and goods, and was shewn into the counting-house. The porter came to the counting-house door-the prisoner ordered him to put the goods down, as he wanted to look at the parasol silks; he said a piece which had been delivered the day before did not please him. He examined one or two pieces, and asked me to take back the piece which had been delivered, as the captain did not like the colour - I told him I would; he did not return it. After examing the goods he piled them up in the same place as he did the former eighteen (they were gone), and asked me if I had brought a receipt for the goods? I told him I had a stamp, but had not written it out, as I did not know whether he would have it made out with the discount put into the receipt, or not. He told me he would have it made out with the discount taken off. I was writing it - He got the cash-box out, apparently to pay me, and told the porter to go away, and he would give me something for him - I ordered him to wait; I supposed the prisoner could hear me, I did not speak low. He then asked me to write out another invoice with the discount taken off - I had written the receipt for 625l., according to his direction, but did not give it to him. The piece he talked of returning had already been paid for, it was one of the two first parcels. He took me out of the counting-house into the parlour, which was next to it, to make out the invoice, and gave me pen, ink, and paper. I left the counting-house-door open. I do not know why I was to write it in the parlour; he took the pen and ink from the counting-house for me-the paper was in the desk in the parlour. The counting-house door was left open, I could see into it; there was plenty of paper in the counting-house-he gave no reason for taking me into the parlour. I wrote it out, and gave it to him; he said it would do, but he must trouble me to wait a moment, for his clerk had not come in from his banker's. In about two minutes a young man came in, I did not see him; I heard neither knock at the door or ring at the bell. The prisoner left me alone, as if to go into the counting-house for something; immediately as he got into the counting-house, he began talking to some person whom I did not see, calling him a blockhead, and appeared in a great rage; he then came into me again, and said "what stupid fellows I have got to deal with!" and that he had made it too late for the banker's. He said he had sent him to the banker's first, and then to Lloyd's afterwards, but that the boy had gone to Lloyd's first, and then made it too late for the banker's. He said he must trouble me to go to a neighbour's house to borrow the money - He said they were in the habit of lending each other money when they were too late to get to the banker's. I went with him. He had a piece of paper in his hand, folded up about the size of a check before we went out, it was then about half-past six o'clock. He took me to a house about a quarter of a mile from his house, the name of Davies was on the door, in the Commercial-road. He asked me to wait outside the door, which I did. He came out in two or three minutes, and said his friend, unfortunately, could only lend him 48l., and putting it into my hand, he asked me to count it, and said he would go into the city and borrow the remainder. I told him that was of no use at all to me, and I would not go without either the money or the goods. He said, he supposed three or four hundred pounds would do for me till the morning - I told him it would not. To urge it, I said I had a bill to pay-he wanted to know the amount of it; I told him it was more than his sum. He took me across the way to count the money. I went up a court, as the wind blew and it rained, and counted it by his desire. He pulled out his pencil, and desired me to write on the invoice, just to say, "cash 48l." I told him it was of no use to receive that trifle. He told me to take it, and he would borrow the rest in the city. I asked him to let me go with him - He said, No; he would not trouble me, as it was very wet, and he had to go to three or four places for the money, and if I would go to my warehouse he would be there in half an hour with the money; with that he ran off, and appeared in great haste - He seemed going while he was speaking. Finding myself left in this way, I went to Shadwell Office, and stated what had happened; from there I went to the prisoner's house, and got there about seven o'clock. The servant opened the door, and said Mr. Cohen was not at home.
Court. Q. When you left the house with the prisoner, did you leave the porter behind you - A. No; he was gone; I did not tell him to go. I went into the passage, and said I would wait till he came in. I saw a man named Vandermulin in the parlour, whom I knew before-heasked me to walk in, which I did. Vandermeulin staid with me sometime, and then left. I tried the counting-house door and found it fast, the key-hole was darkened; I took my seat in the parlour. After sometime, the servant came up and sat with me, she did not speak to me. After she had been there sometime, Mrs. Cohen came in; I heard no noise before this - She spoke to me; it got towards dusk. I heard a rumbling noise like silk goods being removed; when I heard this, Mrs. Cohen got up and set a musical clock playing (the rest had left), which prevented my hearing the noise; it completely drowned it. When it ceased I heard the noise again-it was rainy, and very windy. I heard a noise like a back-door swinging backward and forward; Mrs. Cohen was coming in and out of the room. After this I heard a repeated bustle and moving, so that I thought they were removing my goods-it appeared to come from the counting-house and the yard; the clock played once or twice; the servant set it playing once, it played as long as it could go. I waited there till eleven o'clock, and then the prisoner made his appearance; he came in stamping his feet, as if he had been travelling a great deal, to beat the dirt and wet off his boots-Mrs. Cohen and servant were in the room at the time. I had heard a knock at the door; some person in the passage told him I was there. He came in and said, he was very sorry he had kept me waiting, and wanted to know what was my pleasure? I told him I wanted the money or goods; Deighton was setting by me at the time.
Q. You said Deighton was gone away - A. Yes, but he came back to me at eight o'clock, and staid till the prisoner returned. Deighton got up, and told him that I must not leave the house without either the goods or money. The prisoner asked who he was? he said he was Mr. Foot's servant. The prisoner opened the door, and told him to walk out, or else he would put him in the watch-house, for he had no business there. Deighton said he would go, he did not want putting out. The prisoner said I hurt his feelings very much by such an untrades-man-like mode of dealing. He then said he had a check in his pocket for 1,700l., he did not produce it. I asked him to give it to me; he said No; he was not going to give me a 1,700 check for 600l. He complained very much, and said I might have the money as soon as I liked after nine o'clock in the morning. I told him I could not leave, and if he did not give me the money I must have the goods back-he said that was impossible, for the goods were sold and gone. He opened the counting-house door to shew me that they were gone, and said, "You see there are no goods." It was shut before this - I do not know how he opened it. I told him, if he would trust me with the check, I would give him respectable references that he might trust me with the balance. He said, "No; you would not trust me, and I will not trust you" - I am sure those were his words. He said he never had such behaviour from any person, and that his house was his castle, and that he would maintain it against any person. He appeared very angry; a great deal passed. I could neither get check, money, nor goods. I never saw the check. I stopped there till after eleven o'clock, and then told him that I was robbed of the goods, and he told me to use no insolence, and said I might have the money as soon as I liked in the morning, and he would pay it on no other consideration than mine; for if he had bought the goods of Mr. Foot instead of me, he would have kept him out of it as long as the law would allow; I told him I was a servant, and as such stood in Mr. Foot's behalf, and could not leave the house without the money or goods, and stuck to it to the last - He got into a passion; I thought I could do no good, and left the house at eleven o'clock, finding the goods were gone; it was a very wet night, when he came in he had no great-coat on, and when he went out he had none; and though he kept stamping his boots about, they were muddy, but the mud was quite dry; I took particular notice of it. I went home, taking the 48l. with me. The next day (which was Saturday, I went to his house again, with Mr. Jones and Deighton, we got there at nine o'clock, but did not find him at home-Mr. Jones and I went again in the evening, and found him at home, he asked who he was; I told him he was a friend of Mr. Foot's. He begged Mr. Jones to withdraw before he would speak a word-Mr. Jones left. I asked him for the money, when he said, if I would come in a peaceable manner on the Monday morning, and had no magistrate, or warrant, with me, he would pay me 100l.; but if I had any thing to do about magistrating, he knew the law as well as most men, and he would go to the extent of it; he said, if I came peaceably on the Monday, he would give me 100l., and ample security, in goods, for the remainder; he did not pretend that he was provided with money for the whole; but, he said, he would only treat with me, and not with a second person. I left the house, and could get nothing.
Q. Did he at any of these meetings tell you what became of the goods - A. On the Friday night he said they were at Limehouse; this was at eleven o'clock, after he returned. The goods have been since returned. The examination before the magistrate was on the following Tuesday; I left the office about three o'clock, the magistrate had adjourned the examination till the evening, and had refused to take bail; about six or half-past six o'clock, after the adjournment of the examination, somebody brought the goods to our warehouse; one of the men that came was a man that I had seen at his house, acting as a clerk; every piece was returned to me in the same state in which it went out of the house. I attended the examination in the evening; the 48l. was delivered to Mr. Isaacs - I had never passed the money from my own hands to my master's account.
Court. Q. Had you ever consented to receive it as any part of the payment - A. No; I told him at the time that nothing but the whole would satisfy me, and refused to receive it, it was forced upon me.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you not give the money to your master - A. No; I kept it separate; I wrapped it up in paper, and gave it to Mrs. Foot to keep separate.
Q. We have given you notice to produce your books - A. I have the day-book they are entered there, the prisoner's name is not in our ledger; he dealt for ready-money; I marked the discount on the bills at the time I was paid.

Q. 
            Was it not mentioned that credit should be given - A. No.


Q. 
            Was it not a matter of doubt whether he would pay you that night or at a future time - A. The last words before he left the warehouse were, that I was not to leave them without the money. I did not count them. I left the goods there because I could not help it. I was alarmed.
Q. When the prisoner told the porter to go away, why did you not tell him to stay - A. I did; he might not have heard me; I should not have let him go if I had not thought that the prisoner was going to pay me.
Q. Were not the goods returned on the Friday - A. No; on the Tuesday; the prisoner was admitted to bail, and has now surrendered; the goods were returned between the first and second examination.
JOSEPH DEIGHTON. I am Mr. Foot's porter, and carried the goods by Mr. Goulding's directions. On the 17th of June, I took twelve pieces of silk, the prisoner was not at home; we waited at a public-house, and in about an hour went again; the prisoner was then at home, and told me to put them down, which I did - He examined them; I heard him say Mr. Goulding should have the money before he left the house. The prisoner said I need not stay any longer, and he would give Mr. Goulding something for me. I went out, and waited at the door sometime; I returned again at eight o'clock, and found Mr. Goulding sitting in the parlour, the servant was there, and the clock playing-Mrs. Cohen came in also and played it. At ten o'clock, when the prisoner was talking to Mr. Goulding about distrusting him, I answered him; he asked who I was, and what business it was of mine, and opened the door, saying, if I did not walk out he would charge the watchman with me. I left, leaving Mr. Goulding there.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I went to the prisoner's house with Mr. Goulding, after that I examined the premises, and found there was a back door, communicating with a timber-yard, into a court-goods could be very readily conveyed away.
The prisoner made no defence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
