





1470. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, knowingly, and wittingly, without lawful excuse, having in his custody and possession a forged and counterfeit bank note, for payment of 1l., he well knowing it to be forged
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GRUNDI
               



            . I am shopman to Mrs. Eagleton, who is a grocer, and lives in Newgate-street. On the evening of the 19th of September, the prisoner came to me after dark, bought half a pound of tea, and paid me a 1l. bank note. I suspected it was forged, and took it to Mr. Eagleton - He came with it to the prisoner, who was waiting in the shop.
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  EAGLETON
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Newgate-street


. On the 12th September, Grundi brought me the note. I took it to the counter, where I found the prisoner. I asked him his address, he said Davis, tailor, Bridgewater-square, Barbican, which I wrote on the note,(looking at one) this is it. I told him it was bad, and asked him who he took it of. He said, of Mr. Silvester, at the blanket warehouse. Goswell-street. I asked him if he had any money to pay for the tea, he said he had only one shilling, I returned him the note, and he left the shop. I afterwards thought he might offer it elsewhere, I followed him down Butcherhall-lane, I there met Honey - He secured him - I never lost sight of him. Nobody had joined him.


                  HENRY 
                  HONEY
               



            . I am a constable, I took the prisoner in charge in Butcherhall-lane, by the desire of Mr. Eagleton. I told him I must go and see if he had given a right address to the note, as Mr. Eagleton had said, he said he took it of Silvester. I told him I knew no blanket warehouse, in Aldersgate-street. He, said, "What! you an officer and not know Silvester's". I said there was one in Goswell-street. He said that was it, he supposed. We took him there, and found Mr. Silvester at the Horse-shoe public-house, We enquired of the landlord if Mr. Silvester was there; he said he did not know. On my repeating the name, Mr. Silvester came out, and I asked him, if he had given the prisoner a 1l. note that day - He hesitated and said, he had paid him a great deal of money; but did not say he had paid him any that day. I asked the prisoner to let Mr. Silvester see it. He took it out of his pocketbook, and handed it to Mr. Silvester - He looked at it and said he did not think it was a bad one. The prisoner said, "Do not you know that you paid it to me to day, for a pair of breeches." He made no answer, but seemed a good deal confused, and shewed the note to several people in the room. A person on looking at it, said he would lay me a bottle of wine that it was a good one; another said he wished he had a hundred of them. I said, if he had, he would have reason to be sorry for it - He was holding it up, and told me to look at the water mark. I took it from him, and told the prisoner he must go back with me. He sat down, said he should not, and called for a pint of beer-it was not brought. He got up in a minute or two. I said, "We will go to your lodgings." He took me to a house in Bridgewater-gardens, which is a different place from Bridgewater-square-the square is avery respectable place. The house he took me to, is an old iron shop, with a curtain across it to separate the bed from the shop. He called to a man, and said, "Mr. Newman you know me very well." I said "does he lodge here?"-the man gave no answer. I asked again, he then said, he is a great deal here. I could not get from him whether the prisoner lodged there or not. I told the prisoner he must go back with me to Mr. Eagleton - He said he would be d-n-d if he would, and he said would have a pint of beer. which he did. He then said he would not go without a coach - I got one. They wanted to persuade him to go - He got up, and attempted to go round a passage - I seized him, he resisted. We did not get into the coach. When we got a little way he was quiet. I took him to Mr. Eagleton, and then to the Compter. As we went along, he said he was taken ill all of a sudden - He gave me a blow as hard as he could, and ran away. I pursued, and secured him immediately (looks at a note). this is it, I marked it,
Prisoner, Q. Did not Mr. Newman say I carried on business there - A. No. - Bridgewater-square and Bridgewater-gardens are separated from each other by a street.
HARRIET LACK. I live at No. 41, Bridgewater-gardens. The last witness brought the prisoner there - He did not live there, nor had he lived there for the last nine months before, as I have lived there that time. Newman lodged there-the prisoner carried on no business there.
MARY BROWN. I have kept the house No. 41, Bridgewater-gardens for eighteen years, Newman and the last witness lodged there-the prisoner did-not carry on any business there. I have seen him there, but not at work.


                  RICHARD 
                  NEWBOLD
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Barkwell
                  



               
            , who is an optician
, and lives in Long-lane


. On the 5th of August the prisoner bought a pair of spectacles of me, and paid a 1l. note. I asked his name and address, he gave me, "
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



            , No. 2, Atfield-street, Goswell-street;" which I wrote on it (looks at one). This is it.


                  JOHN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
Mr.
 
                  Underwood
               


            , who is a cutler
, and lives in Drury-lane


. At the latter end of August the prisoner came to our shop, and bought a pair of scissars, he gave me a 1l. note, which I suspected, and went to Mr. Parr's for change, and found it was bad; he had wrote his address on the note before that, it was Davis, tailor, Fetter-lane (looks at one). This is it. I returned it to him, and told him it was bad; he appeared surprised, said he should take more care in future, and would call again for the scissors. In about half an hour afterwards I found him in custody at Mr. Pitt's shop, where he had offered the same note.
JAMES PARR. I keep the Barley Mow, public-house, in Drury-lane. On the 29th of August Morris brought me a 1l. note - I thought it was a bad one, and observed Davis, tailor, Fetter-lane, on it - I returned it to him; I was looking through my window, saw the prisoner come out of his shop, and go into the next public-house; ten minutes after the same note was brought to me again by Mrs. Pitts, who lives in the street; I knew it again, and sent for an officer; I gave him the note, went with him to Mrs. Pitts' shop, and took the prisoner into custody. He threatened to knock me down, and said he lived at the White Horse, Fetter-lane. He was taken to Bow-street. He said there that he took the note at Epsom races, in change for 5l., that he had just come from Portsmouth, and had only been in town three or four days.


                  SARAH 
                  PITTS
               



            . My husband is a button-maker, and lives in Drury-lane. On the 29th of August the prisoner came to the shop for two dozen of large gilt buttons. I had none, and he bought some smaller, which came to 5s. 4d., and he paid me a 1l. note; I sent my servant with it to Mr. Parr's, for change - He returned with an officer. The prisoner had told me that his name was on the back of the note (looks at one). This is it.
THOMAS GLOVER. I am an inspector of bank notes (examining the notes). They are all three forged, in every respect, and off the same plate.
(Note put in and read. See Indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took them in my business. I lodged in Fetter-lane, at the White Horse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
