





83. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of November
, four three shilling pieces, six eighteen penny tokens, two shillings, four penny pieces, and seven halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Quinton 
                        Wilkins
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  QUINTON 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am a labouring man
. I work at the waterworks
. On the 26th of November I saw the prisoner in the street. I lost twenty-three shillings and sevenpence halfpenny; four three shilling pieces, six eighteenpenny pieces, two shillings, and sevenpence halfpenny in copper. I lost it about one o'clock in the morning; it was last Sunday morning was a week. I had worked late, and I was paid late.
Q. Where was you when you saw this woman - A. In Carey-street, St. Giles's


. She asked me where I was going to. I said home, at New Inn Yard, Tottenham-court-road. I felt her pulling her hand out of my pocket: I attempted to lay hold of her; she kicked up a row in the street; I called the watchman; the watchman let her go; the watchman's name is 
               
                  David 
                  Maloney
               



            ; the same morning I found out where the prisoner lived; I got Lea the officer to take her up.
Q. How long had you been with her - A. Not two minutes; she took hold of me by the breast; I did not consent to go with her; this happened as I was passing along the street.

Q. Did you find any of your money again - A. No, she dropped a penny piece. I could not speak to the penny piece.
MICHAEL LEA. I am a patrole; I took the prisoner in custody between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, at the Hare and Hounds, the corner of Puckeridge Street, he said she robbed him; she denied taking his money.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man between one and two o'clock in the morning; he pushed me into a passage; the men came into the passage; they all began fighting; I knew nothing about the man or the money.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
