






30. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WALTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of November
, six yards of cambric, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Robson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I live at 72 Oxford Street


. I am a linen draper
.
Q. Look at the prisoner, do you know her. A. Yes, on the 12th of November, the prisoner came into my shop and asked to look at some French cambrics, my young man shewed her some, his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Bates
               



            ; after having shewn her a few cambrics, I was standing close by, serving another customer, she expressed a wish to look at some others, as what she had seen not suiting; upon that I was casting my eye round, the young man was pulling open the drawer underneath, to look out some more cambrics.
Q. He was probably stooping. A. Yes, I observed the prisoner tuck to her mantle in an hasty manner, which created a suspicion in my mind that she had got some of my property, or something that she wished to conceal, I stepped up to her, and opened her mantle and discovered this piece of French cambric, it had my mark on it then, and it has now, it has been in my custody ever since. When I took it from her she expressed sorrow and begged forgiveness, she told me she was a person of respectability, and assured me, it was her first offence. This is the piece of cambric, it stands me in about 4 l.
GUILTY, aged 25, 


               of stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
