





520. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     REEVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, two tables, value 12 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Harry 
                     Phillips
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . In February last I kept a horse and cart to remove some goods. I was employed by a person of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             to remove goods from George-street, Hanover-square. I took my horse and cart to Hanover-square, and when I came to Hanover-square I saw the prisoner. I waited with my horse and cart at the side of the rails towards Oxford-street. It was dark, in the evening, between six and seven o'clock. I saw only one man; the prisoner is the man, to the best of my knowledge. He brought me three tables; they were covered up with baize and blankets. I did not see them uncovered. They were in my possession until the next day. Mr. Lawrence came for them, and took them to his house at Walworth. Reeves put them in my cart, and told me to go on; he would meet me. He helped them in my cart.
Q. Did you or not see one table uncovered in your house - A. Yes, one of the tables was, and that was one of the tables that I got from the prisoner. I had them all together. I kept the tables until the next day, then Lawrence came by the direction of Mr. Smith, the man that hired me. He said he sent him for them.
Q. You took the tables that you had of the prisoner to Lawrence's house, is that so - A. Yes.
Mr. Adolphus. Smith employed you - A. Yes.
Q. Where these tables came from, you do not know - A. No. By Smith's directions I gave them up to Lawrence, as I understood Lawrence said Smith had sent him for them. Reeves put them in the cart.
Q. Do you know a public-house, the sign of the Crown, Pie-street, Westminster - A. No. I know a public-house, the Crown, in Westminster.
Q. Where is that public-house in - A. It is called Pie-street, I believe.
Q. Do you know the landlord's name - A. No.
Q. Had not you a conversation with the landlord about the trial of last sessions. Perhaps you have not been there within this twelvemonth - A. No; it is not a place I use at all.
MR. PIPER. I am clerk to the prosecutor, 
               
                  Harry 
                  Phillips
               



            . He had a large quantity of household furniture at No. 8, George-street, Hanover-square. A large quantity of furniture was stolen; three tables were also stolen, two card tables, and a mahogany pembroke table.
Q. When did you last see them in George-street, before they were stolen - A. About three weeks before they were stolen I saw them in the house. The key of the house was kept in Mr. Phillips's office. In consequence of information I went to Huggins's house. I got a search warrant, and searched Huggins's house, on the 24th of February. I found the mahogany pembroke table in the one pair of stairs front room.
Q. When were these things missing - A. About a fortnight before. I afterwards went to Lawrence's house at Walworth. I found the tables that are now in court. I know the card tables to be the property of Mr. Smith. I have had them in my care.
Q. to Huggins. I understood you to say that you took these tables to your own house, all three - A. Yes. Then about four o'clock in the afternoon Lawrence came.
Q. Was Reeves there then - A. No. I saw Reeves the next day to that Lawrence came for the two card tables and two knive-boxes. Lawrence said the pembroke table was to be left until Smith called for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  BENNET
               



            . I am an officer. I produce two tables; I got them from Mr. Lawrence's on the 24th of February.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a coal-heaver. I live in Old Pie-street, Westminster. On Thursday the 17th of April, I saw Huggins at the Crown public-house in Pie-street. He said he had been upon the trial of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             and two others. He was asked how he got on; he said very well; he had throwed all upon 
               
                  Charles 
                  Reeves
               



            . He said Reeves must keep out of the way; he had laid it all upon him on purpose to clear the other men, who were all three acquitted.


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the landlord of the Crown public-house. Huggins was in my house on Thursday the 15th of April. A man of the name of Green and several others were there. I heard Green ask him how they had managed it at the Old Bailey. He answered, very well; he said he had thrown it all upon Reeves, for the purpose of clearing the other three, and Reeves must keep out of the way.
JOB GREEN. I am a revenue officer in the Customs. On the 15th of April, I was standing at Mr. Jones's door. I treated Huggins with some gin. I asked him how he got on at the Old Bailey; he said, very well; the three men were acquitted. I then said, I supposed Reeves might come forward. He said, no, he must stay a little bit; he had put it all on Reeves's shoulders to get the men's liberty. I said to Mr. Jones that he ought to be subpoened, and several other persons that stood by, they also should be subpoened to declare what they had heard.
Q. How came you to take an interest in this - A. Why I had heard that Huggins was a very bad character; I thought it proper to represent what he said.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
