





365. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  KEITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of February
, four handkerchiefs, value 1 s. two window curtains, value 6 d. a pillow case, value 9 d. two yards of cotton, value 6 d. two aprons, value 3 s. an oil cruet, value 1 d. a salt ciller, value 1 d. a china bason, value 1 d. a wine glass, value 2 d. a knife, value one halfpenny, a fork, value one halfpenny, a shawl, value 6 d. a candlestick, value 4 d. and two napkins, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas Swan


               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SWAN
               



            . I live at 14, Cable-street, Wellclose-square


.On the 9th of January the prisoner came to live with me; on the 19th of February I had reason to suspect that she was not honest. On the 24th I meaned to discharge her; I asked her to let me look in her trunk; she reluctantly let me look in her trunk; I found the articles in the indictment, and a number of others, and a duplicate of two napkins pledged at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Williams
               



            , Cable-street.


                  SARAH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live with my brother, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Williams
               



            . I produce two napkins, pawned for fifteen pence on the 22nd of February, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            ; I do not know the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. In the cold weather I had not half clothes enough on the bed; one of these window curtains were on the bed; the sister of Mr. Swan used to take all the things in the shop, and I used to put them in the bed out of the way.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
