





445. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     KIBBELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 4th of September
, in the 51st year of his Majesty's reign, eighteen pieces of linen cloth, value 56 l. thirty pieces of lace, value 30 l. one hundred pieces of ribbon, value 25 l. four poundsweight of sewing silk, value 4 l. whereof 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Roome
                     



                   was convicted of burglariously stealing, he, (the prisoner), knowing it to have been stolen
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Johnson
               




            .
JOHN LITTLE. Q. In September, 1811, you were shopman to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Johnson
               



             - A. Yes, I was. His dwelling-house is in Watford, in the county of Hertford. Mr. Johnson is a linen-draper
.
Q. On the night of the 3d of September did you fasten the dwelling-house up - A. I saw the house fast. I went to bed about eleven o'clock. I came down the next morning about seven. I found the street door open, and the things that are stated in the indictment were taken away.


                  DAVID 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I produce an office copy of the conviction of Edward Roome. I examined it with the original; it is a true copy.
(Read.)


                  JOEL 
                  WARE
               



            . Q. Do you know a man of the name of Norman - A. Yes, and the other man of the name of Roome, and I also know the prisoner. I was engaged with him in going down to Watford in September, the year before last. I was engaged with Norman and Roome, and I agreed to go. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Kibbell
               



             also agreed to go. He is a butcher by trade. I was to go on horseback. Kibbell went in his own cart to bring the goods from the shop. I met with Norman between ten and eleven, just as I got in Watford. He told me that Roome and Kibbell were waiting at the last public-house in the town. I went with Norman to the Horns public-house. We found that Kibbell and the cart was gone, and we went down the lane to Rickmansworth. The cart stood by the pound, under some trees that is beyond Watford. After that, I, Roome, and Norman came into the town, to Johnson's house.
Q. What was Kibbell to do - A. He was to wait with the cart until Roome fetched him. I and the others broke into Mr. Johnson's house. We broke into the back part of the house a little after twelve. We took the shutter down. Roome got into the accompting-house. I went round to the front. He opened the door, and let me and Norman in at the front door. We then began to pack up the goods in the shop. Roome went out to fetch Kibbell and the cart. He was gone ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; he came back, and said he could not find Kibbell or the cart any where. We then broke open a stable in the Red Lion-yard, took out a horse, and took the cart by the stable door. Norman and me loaded the cart, and Norman and Roome went off with it. I staid behind with my poney, to acquaint them if there was any alarm. There was no alarm. I rode after them, and overtook them on Stanmore Hill, and when we got within a mile of Edgware we overtook Kibbell and his cart. I think that was about four o'clock in the morning. We drawed up the cart along side of his, and put the goods into his cart, and turned the horse and cart we had brought from Watford, down a lane leading to Hendon. Norman asked Kibbel what was the reason he left town. He said he was disturbed by some people, and was driven out of town. Then all went on to Crown-street, Soho, to one Solomon. We brought the cart up to the door, unloaded it, and sold the goods to him, I think for something better than sixty pounds.
Q. Had you a dark lanthorn with you - A. Yes; we left that in the house, and we also left a crow at the Red Lion, where we borrowed the horse and cart. In January, afterwards, I was taken up; I confessed this and many other transactions.


                  SARAH 
                  LATIMER
               



            . Q. You keep the Horns public-house at Watford - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the two men coming to your house in a cart before Mr. Johnson's house was robbed - A. Yes, they came in between four and five o'clock. They went away at nine, and returned again between eleven and twelve the same night. They had a glass of gin, and went away directly with their horse and cart. I think the prisoner is one of the men, and I think Roome was the other.


                  GEORGE 
                  BURRELL
               



            . I lodged at Mr. Lattimer's at the time of Mr. Johnson's robbery. I recollect coming home between five and six; I saw Taylor in company with Roome and Kibbell. Kibbell had on a fustian jacket and a blue apron. I was in their company from six till nine. I went out, and looked at the cart; it had no name on it, nor number. It was a deep roomy cart, dark blue. I have seen the cart since at Worship-street; it then had a plate on, with 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Kibbell
               



             on it. I think that is the same cart that I saw at Mrs. Lattimer's. I went to bed before they came home and went away.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . In the month of October last, when the prisoner was apprehended, I went, in company of Bishop and Taylor, to Black Horse-yard, Whitechapel. I found the cart opposite of his stable.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I had the key of the prisoner's stable. Kibbell's cart stood opposite the stable. I brought that cart to the office. I afterwards delivered it to his mother, by his desire.


                  CHARLES 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am groom to Lord Essex.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Johnson's house being broken open, at Watford - A. I do. On that night I was coming from Lord Essex's house to Watford; three persons were in company with me. When I came near the pound I saw a horse and cart on the other side of the road, by the trees. I went up to the cart; it had no name or number on it. There was a man inside; I asked him if he was going to St. Alban's. He made no answer. It was a deep roomy cart, like a butcher's cart. I thought he was a poacher. He asked me what o'clock it was; I told him past one. It was then about half past eleven. I told him one, in order to get him on the road. He then went gently on the road. I followed him five or six hundred yards through the town of Watford. He went on towards London. I thought he had the appearance of a butcher. I have seen the cart since at the office. It very much resembled the cart I saw then. On the next morning I heard of Mr. Johnson's house being broken open.
Q. Do you think the prisoner is the same person that you saw that night - A. I cannot swear to him.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
