






1140. 
               
                  
                     JOHN FREDERICK DIXON 
                     DANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 200lbs. of sugar, value 11l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Craven
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Bowman
               



            .
LUTZE HASEL. I am a boiler to 
               
                  John 
                  Craven
               



             and 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Bowman
               



            , who are sugar-refiners

. On the 19th of July I packed up about 300 loaves of sugar into the stove to dry-on the 21st I missed about twelve of them.
JOHN 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GARTLEMAN
               



            . I am a boiler. On the 21st of July I found four loaves on the roof of a new building, about seven o'clock in the morning; any person could get from this building to where the sugars were.


                  HENRY 
                  SHOOTER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 21st of July, between twelve and one o'clock at night, the prisoner passed me on the opposite side of the way, with a bundle under his arm; I got up to lay hold of him, and he immediately ran away - I followed him into Union-street, he there dropped the bundle: he was secured and taken to the watch-house. I am positive he is the man. I only lost of him as he turned the corner; he got away, and I took him again.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a watchman to Mr. Simmons; I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running with the bundle in his hand; I desired him to stop, but he did not, and I knocked him down - He got away, and I took the bundle, which contained two loaves of sugar. I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I joined in the pursuit of the prisoner, and took him.
RICHARD TEMPLE. I was at the watch-house, and searched the prisoner; I found a paper upon him containing some matches and a steel.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner's lodging, No. 18, Ann-street, and found nine loaves of sugar there, the day he was taken.


                  MARY 
                  CAMBDEN
               



            . I keep the house, No. 18, Ann-street; on the 21st of July the prisoner lived there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
