





1506. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     SHACKLEFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Duncan
                     



                  , one shirt, value 10s.; four half-handkerchiefs, value 3s.; one cap, value 2s.; one petticoat, value 3s.; one chain, value 2l.10s.; two rings, value 5s.; one tea-spoon, value 2s.; one pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; three books, value 1s., and two 1l. bank notes, his property; one pair of stockings, value 5s., and two shifts, value 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Duncan
                  



               
            .
SAMUEL DUNCAN. I am a schoolmaster
, and live at Palace-street, Pimlico


; the prisoner was the servant
 of a family who occupied part of my house.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             DUNCAN. I am the wife of the last witness; while the prisoner was in the house I missed the articles stated in the indictment, at different times.
JAMES BLY. I am an officer. I and Gillmore executed a warrant at Kemp's house, where I found the prisoner, and searched her; I found a pocket-book on her, which contained the seal, and twelve duplicates relating to the property. I sent to Mr. Woollet's and got the gold chain.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Woollet. On the 26th of August I took a ring in pledge of the prisoner, and the chain, on which I lent 10s.; she said they were her property.
JAMES BARTON. I am apprentice to Mr. Morrit, pawnbroker, who lives in York-street, Westminster; I have a shift, a book, and a spoon, which the prisoner pledged with me on the 11th of October,
JOHN WILLIAMS. I am a pawnbroker. On the 27th of October I took a table-cloth in pledge of the prisoner.
JAMES GILLMORE. I was with Bly; I found a shift, three handkerchiefs, and three books, in the room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 38.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
