





949. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     MOSES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, one watch, value 1l.; one chain, value 3s.; one seal, value 15s.; and one key, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hudson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES HUDSON. On the 14th of June, about twenty minutes after nine o'clock at night, I was going up Crooked-lane


, and so was the prisoner; he was before me, and when I got to a building which was being repaired, he turned quick round and passed two persons who went before me, came back, and pressed against me as if he was in a great hurry-all of a sudden I found my watch was gone. I looked at him, and he pushed me one side; I turned round to pursue after him, when some person caught hold of my collar - I got loose and ran after the prisoner, gave the alarm, and followed him to the end of Crooked-lane, but lost him in the crowd; I got into Fish-street - hill, and saw him in Monument-yard - He was secured in Pudding-lane. I am sure he is the man. I felt my watch go from me - I did not see anybody with him until I turned round and was collared.


                  JAMES 
                  CRADDOCK
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Bailey, Pudding-lane. I heard the cry of stop thief, and opened the door-the prisoner passed and reeled down by Mr. Williams's step, he went to set down and then another man collared him; in about three minutes I heard a watch was stolen, I went out and saw a man find the watch on Mr. William's step, close by the door where the prisoner was found.
ANN OATES. I am servant to Mr. Williams, Pudding-lane. I heard the cry and went to the window, a man came up to our door and found the watch on the step-four or five of them went up the lane with it.
JAMES HUDSON. I have not recovered the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the alarm, and ran after the man that collared me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
