





67. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
, one hay cloth, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Spencer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HEMAN
               



            . I am coachman to 
               
                  James 
                  Spencer
               



             of Finchley


; he is a farmer
. On Sunday, the 7th of November last, in consequence of what the Barnet patrol told me, I went to the Green Man on Monday morning; there I saw the hay cloth, and I saw the prisoner in the cage at Highgate. I am quite sure the hay cloth I saw at the Green Man is the property of Mr. Spencer; it has his name on it. The prisoner is quite a stranger to me. The hay cloth used to be kept in the shed in the yard; it was not under lock.


                  DAVID 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am one of the Barnet patrols. I patrol the road from Barnet to Highgate. On the 7th of September, near 10 o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner with the hay cloth on his back; it was near the seven mile stone where I took him. I told him he had got a hay cloth on his back; he said yes, he was going to the Green Man with it to cover a load of hay in the morning. I kept my eye upon him to see whether he went to the Green Man; instead of going to the Green Man, he turned down the road which goes to Crouch End. I laid hold of him. I told him that was not the way to the Green Man. He said no, but he was going that way. I left the hay cloth at the Green Man. After I had secured him, I gave him to my partner; he took him to the Cage. I brought the prisoner to Bow-street office. The next morning I went to Mr. Spencer's house. I informed Heman; he got up and examined the premises; the hay cloth was missing. The next morning I shewed him the hay cloth.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the hay cloth. I was going with it to where it belonged. I was taken in custody.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
