





592. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AUGUR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wortham
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night, on the 13th of July, and stealing an oil-skin hat cover, value 1 s. a pair of boots, value 10 s. and a handkerchief stiffner, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Nash
                        



                     
                  , and a bridle, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Wortham
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



            . I am a servant
 to 
               
                  James 
                  Wortham
               



            , he lives at Hampstead


. On the 13th of July, about ten minutes before six in the morning, I found a ladder under a small sash window over the stable; the window was broke, and the string that fastened the window in the inside was cut, and two wooden bars were wrenched down; and they came through a door into the stable, and the side door was broken open that went to the coach-house, and the coach-house door was left open; whoever got in must have entered in at this window. I missed a bridle, a horse's collar, a pair of boots, an oil-skin cover for a hat, a handkerchief pad, and several other things that are not found.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner - A. I informed the constable, he took the prisoner with the things on him. On the evening before the property was lost, at half past-nine, I left the stable, with all the things safe in the place.
Q. Do you know any thing of the man yourself - A. I saw the man about Hampstead; he worked about there the last winter.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday morning last, about nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming towards town, he had got a bridle under his arm; when he saw me looking at him, he was endeavouring to hide this bridle, by covering it up with these things. I thought he had not come honestly by them; I took him in custody. He told me he found the bridle. I asked him, where he got the boots; he said, they were a pair of old boots he had worn when he was at work down in the country. I searched him, and found four large knives upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. The bridle I found coming across Finchley-common, and the boots I bought three months ago in London.
GUILTY, aged 37,




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
