





230. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, a shawl, value 11 s. and one yard and a half of linen cloth, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Griffiths 
                        Foulkes
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Griffiths Foulkes. On the 14th of February, the prisoner and another woman came in to look at some shawls; they bought as much as came to seven shillings and four-pence.
Q. What did they buy - A. Shawls. I suspected as she was going out of the shop that she had got something else about her, she looked so bulky. After she had got about a yard from the shop I laid hold of her, asked her what she had got; I put my hand under her shawl, and found this shawl and a yard and half of linen-cloth. She said that she picked it up coming in I took her up stairs, and sent for an officer. He searched her; I did not find no more upon her than the shawl and the yard and a half of linen-cloth.
Q. Where was that - A. Just upon her breast; it is my master's shawl; it has the shop mark. It was on the counter; the prisoner was near it; the value of the shawl is eleven shillings and sixpence, and one shilling and sixpence the linen, prime cost.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into this shop to buy some neck handkerchiefs, coming out of the shop I trod on this parcel, who it belonged to I did not know. The young man came after me, he asked me what I had got; I went back into the shop. He said the shawl and piece of cloth belonged to his master; who it belonged to I did not know when I picked it up in the shop.
GUILTY, aged 47,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
