





368. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CAREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of February
, one hundred glass bottles, value 10 s. twenty-three silver forks, value 20 l. thirty-three table spoons, value 10 l. and two silver salts, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Arthur 
                           Noble
                        




                     
                  , esq. in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Gill
                     



.


                  ARTHUR 
                  NOBLE
               



            , esq.
 The prisoner, 
               
                  James 
                  Carey
               



            , lived servant with me two years and five months, as a servant out of livery
. He had the charge of my plate; he eloped from my service on Friday the 23d of February last; I then missed plate that had been in his possession, to the value of 31 l.
Q. Has any of it been afterwards seen. - It has not; and I have likewise lost wine out of my cellar that has not been found since. He has stolen empty bottles, and sold eight dozen and a half of empty bottles; I did not know what had become of these empty bottles till after he had eloped from my service.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I was a servant to Mr. Rye, but I have left him. At the time I received the bottles, I was a servant to him.
Q. What quantity did you receive from the prisoner. - A. Eight dozen and a half. The prisoner took the bottles from a room below in the pantry, in the house where Mr. Noble lodged.
Q. What time of the day did you take them. - A. About twelve o'clock, I believe; Mr. Rye paid eleven shillings and sixpence for them; the prisoner told me that was the price, and asked me whether I had brought the 11 s. 6 d. with me; I told him no. He said he was to have it; however, he let me have the bottles without my giving him the money.
Q. to Mr. Noble. Whose house was it. - 
               A. David Gill
            's; in the parish of St. James's, I believe.


                  EDWARD 
                  RYE
               



            . I am a victualler.
Q. You bought some bottles of the prisoner, did not you. - A. I could not possibly recollect the prisoner. A young man called at my house, and asked me if I was a buyer of bottles; I told him I was; he told me they were at the corner of Clement's-street and Cox-street; it was the corner-house; I cannot recollect the day of the month; he wanted me to send somebody with him. I did not send my servant on that day; he called in a few days afterwards. I do not say it is this man.
Q. to Matthews. Was it the prisoner that delivered the bottles to you. - A. It was another man came for me. The prisoner took the bottles out of the pantry, and gave them to me.
Mr. Rye. He called a few days afterwards, or some person called; I sent that boy with the person thatcalled. I think I paid the eleven shillings and sixpence to the prisoner; here is a witness that saw me pay it.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I saw 
               
                  James 
                  Carey
               



            , he prisoner, receive a five shilling piece, two or three shillings, and some odd halfpence, of Mr. Rye; he had a quartern of shrub and a glass of peppermint, and left sixpence for Matthews. The prisoner asked me if I would go to the top of the street with him. I was going out for oil for Mr. Gill's lamps; I went with him; I heard Mr. Rye say, this is the money for the bottles; I saw Matthews fetch the bottles away in a basket.
Mrs. BARTLETT. I lived in the family for six months; I live with Mr. Noble now; the prisoner had all the plate in his care; he went away on Thursday night the 20th of February; we missed these articles after he was gone; one dozen and eleven forks, two dozen table spoons, two large gravy spoons, two salts, and one sauce spoon; and none of them had been seen since.
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner. - A. Yes; some time before he went, he said there was a method of disposing of plate that had a crest upon it; he said there was a shop in the city; whoever made off with plate, there was a hole you put it down, and it was melted off; and when the plate was weighed you go in and receive the money. We missed the plate about three hours after he was gone; he went out on Thursday night, and came on Friday morning, and stopped till between seven and eight o'clock.
Mr. Reynolds. You never told any body of this conversation between the prisoner and you till after he was taken up. - A. No, I never mentioned it till Mrs. Noble asked me if I had heard him mention any thing of disposing of things at the pawnbroker's.
Q. He came again on the Friday morning. - A. Yes, on the morning he asked me to go into the pantry with him, to see that he took nothing but his own.
Q. You did not know then but that he was going away. - A. I did not know but what he was coming back again, as he had not received his wages. He took a pair of gloves out of the pantry, and his razors; he locked the cupboard-door and the door of the pantry, and left both the keys on the dressers of the kitchen; then he went out.
MARTHA GREAVES. I brought the keys down from Mrs. Noble's dressing-room, to give them to Carey. I carried them up to my mistress the night before.
Q. Have you usually done so. - A. No, I have never done so before; I locked up the cupboard-door that night; I did not see whether there was any plate there. I saw a few dirty forks there the next morning.
Q. to Prosecutor. Had he been paid his wages at the time that he eloped from your service. - No; he ran off to Bath, where he was apprehended about ten days after he eloped.
Q. Do you know whether there was any plate in the cupboard in which the dirty plate was not kept. - A. He had a separate cupboard and a trunk with lock and key to keep the clean plate in, not in the pantry. It was in a cupboard in my dressing-room; he had always the key of that in his possession; he left that key behind him. In the morning when I got up, I made a search after the plate; I had an inventory of the plate that I gave to him when I hired him.
Q. How lately had you seen any of that plate which you found upon examination missing - A. About two months before they were in the house; I had a good deal of company; I found no defalcation then; about two months before I think the plate was all in the house; there was missing one dozen and eleven silver forks, worth twenty pounds at least, two dozen silver table spoons, two large gravy spoons, two sauce spoons, and two salts; I value them at thirty-one pounds; all was gone from that cupboard.
Q. You do not know of the removal of any part of this place from the house of Mr. Gill - A. No; I thought it was in his possession.
Q. Do you know till the next morning that he had been out that night - A. The maid told me that night that he was then out; I believe it was about eleven o'clock; I intended to discharge him; he had been so beastly drunk that night. I expected him to return the next morning to receive his wages.
Q. to Martha Greaves. Did your mistress discharge him - A. No.
Q. Did she threaten to discharge him - A. Yes. On the Thursday night Mrs Noble bid him go to bed: he said he would not.
Mr. Reynolds, to prosecutor. I think you say about two months ago you had this party, you saw all this plate - A. Yes.
Q. Whether it was all there you do not know - A. I saw salts and spoons sufficient for fourteen people.
Q. Is there any one separate article of these silver things that is worth more than forty shillings - A. No, I do not think it is.
Q. And if he had been so of a mind he might take these things one at a time - A. He might; I cannot say he did not.
Q. What part of Mr. Gill's house had you - A. The first floor, a drawing room, and a dressing room, and in the dressing room there was a closet, in which closet there was a chest that kept this place; this man had always the key.
Q. Mr. Gill and his wife keeps a fancy dress maker's shop - A. Yes.
Q. When you and Mrs. Noble went out you did not lock the door did you - A. I did not.
Q. There was an opportunity if persons went to Mrs. Gill they might go up stairs - A. It was not impossible.
Q. Did not the rest of the servants know that the plate was kept there - A. They might; both the women witnesses say they did not.
COURT. When you looked at the lock did it appear to have been forced - A. No, not at all forced; it was locked and opened as usual. All the plate was not gone; a silver tea-pot was left, and a silver coffee-pot, and a plated tea-urn, and there were some spoons left; he had three dozen forks, he took one dozen and eleven.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all of the plate that I am accused of. At half past eleven o'clock, when I took up Mr. Noble's supper I found Mrs. Noble in the pantry, she said, you wretch, I shall take the key away, you have broke all my china. The bottles that I am accused of, they did not belong to Mr. Noble, the bottles belonged to me and Mr. Gill's lodgers. I have lived there two years and a half, there were several bottles sent me while I was there, and a few of the bottles, some families that were there, they left them, and my friends sent me a bottle of rum and a bottle ofblacking.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you miss any bottles - A. I did; bottles and wine, and they were particular bottles; I had some port wine from Ireland; they are smaller than English bottles.
Q. How many guineas were due to the prisoner - A. I suppose between five and six guineas.
GUILTY, aged 34.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
