





344. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of February
, nineteen dozen tooth-brushes, value 4 l.; six dozen tooth-brush-handles, value 9 s.; four ounces of hair, value 8 d., and one ounce of wire, value 2 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Goodluck
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I am a tooth-brush-maker
, and live in Hatton-garden


; the prisoner was my apprentice
; I missed a quantity of tooth-brushes and materials; I received information from a person named Saunders, and went to his lodgings on Saffron-hill, and found a quantity of my brushes, and some hair, which I knew to be mine; she then took me to a house in Round-court, Saffron-hill; I found 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



             at work there. When I returned the prisoner had absconded; he used to board with me. I missed a quantity more, which I had put in the drawer that day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 11th of February I apprehended the prisoner; I asked him why he did not return? he said he was afraid his master would prosecute him.


                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Round-court, and close toothbrushes. I received nine dozen tooth-brushes, to complete, about a week before Christmas, for a person at Mr. Jaters'; next day the prisoner came to enquire if I had got them - and told me to get them done by Sunday, and he would call, and pay me; I finished seven dozen by Sunday. The prisoner called, paid for them, and took them away with him. Before I finished the rest he brought me more - he found the hair and handles. On the 3d of February I gave Goodluck six dozen, which the prisoner brought to me.


                  ELIZA 
                  JATERS
               



            . I am a brush-maker, and live in New-square. About seven weeks ago the prisoner came to me and asked me to draw some tooth-brushes for a person named Hill, who lived in Castle-street; I told him I could not draw; he left about nine dozen - Smith fetched them away; he afterwards asked me to finish some for Mr. Hill. On the 30th of January, Smith brought me some, which I cave to Goodluck.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILWOOD
               



            . I sell tooth-brushes, and live in Lockhart's-court, Saffron-hill. On the 26th of December the prisoner brought me about a gross and a half of toothbrushes. He said he lived in Fletcher's-row, Islington. I was to sell them to the shops, and gave him 3 s. 6 d. a dozen, and was to get what I could for myself - I paid him about 1 l. The prosecutor came to me, and I gave him half a gross, which were left - the prisoner said he made them himself.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I made them myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
