





1086. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, a handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hawker
                        




                     
                  , esq.
 from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAWKER
               



            , ESQ. I am the Richmond Herald, at the Herald's College
. At about twenty minutes before four, on Friday last, I was returning from the Bank, with a friend of mine; it was an excessive wet day. Just by Bow Church, we felt several persons pressing upon us from behind. I was holding an umbrella over my friend's head. I remarked it to him, and looked back; when immediately they left off pressing. When we got some way up Cheapside, we felt them pressing again; I observed the prisoner on my left hand; I walked faster; he kept by my side, and did the same. I slackened my pace; he did the same. When we got to the end of Paternoster row, my friend crossed over, and I crossed to the East side of St. Paul's Church yard. Presently a young chap came up on my side, and made believe to be looking up in the air. When I got to the corner of Watling street, I thought I had got rid of them. I turned round to look which way they went, and saw them going in a direction towards Ludgate Hill. In a few minutes, to my surprize, I found the prisoner behind me. When I got to the corner of the Old Change


, there is a post, and the passage between it and the wall is very narrow. I was in the act of going round the post, and I felt something at my pocket; I instantly turned round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief, going up the Old Change. The prisoner immediately said, there is your handkerchief, I picked it up in the street. I said, he had picked my pocket, and he said, it was a man in blue picked my pocket. There was nobody near but a sailor. The prisoner ran away: I followed him; he was stopped; I collared him, and brought him back, and delivered him and my handkerchief to Matthews.


                  JOHN 
                  SUGDEN
               



            . I am master of a vessel. I did not see the prisoner take the pocket handkerchief, but I saw him following the gentleman; there was no one near but myself at the time; I was at the opposite side of the way. I saw the prisoner turn to go up Old Change. I did not see him offer the handkerchief. I was obliged to go about my business; but in half a minute afterwards, hearing a cry of stop thief; I turned back, and helped to take him.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a police officer. I know nothing of this transaction, any more than that the prisoner and the handkerchief was delivered to me. The handkerchief was quite clean; and if it had been picked up, as the prisoner said, it must have been very dirty.
(Property produced, and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Friday afternoon, I was going down Old Change; the prosecutor was before me; his pocket handkerchief dropped out of his pocket, and I immediately picked it up, tapped him on the shoulder, and gave it him.
Mr. Hawker. He did not tap me on the shoulder at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
