





610. 
               
                  
                     ELIJAH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, five shirts, value 10 s. a night-cap, value 20 d. eight pocket handkerchiefs, value 4 s. eight pair of stockings, value 4 s. 6 d. and a flannel waistcoat, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live in Hoxton; I am a laundress; my husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            . Towards the latter end of May, I delivered the bundle to my little girl, to take a few doors off; the other things were taken from my wheelbarrow; the man took the things from the barrow; he was taken directly. I saw the man run; I cried stop thief. He threw them down, and was secured. I picked up the bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I was coming along the street; I heard a woman cry out stop thief; I saw the prisoner throw a bundle from under his left arm. I apprehended him; the prisoner is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROSBY
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the watchhouse door; I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner threw the bundle of linen away. The prosecutrix delivered it to me. I secured the prisoner, and took him into the watchhouse.
Prosecutrix. I picked up the bundle of linen, and took it to the watchhouse. This is the bundle of linen; it is clean linen. I was taking it home; I am answerable for it.
Prisoner's Defence. I deal in oranges and lemons. Coming home I turned up Philpot-lane, and as I was running up Lime-street, the watchman said, I must go along with him; they searched me, and found nothing about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
