





58. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, one pound two ounces weight of silk, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Briant
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Delaney
                        



                     
                  , privately in thier shop
            .
JOHN FEAR. I am a boot-closer; I live at No. 2, Angel-court, in the Strand. On the 6th of November, about two in the afternoon, I was going past the prosecutor's shop, between Foster-lane and Newgate-street


. I was looking in the shop. I saw the prisoner standing with her back against the counter. I saw her take the silk up, and put it under her shawl. There were several people at the other counter. I was going past with a parcel; I happened to stop and look in at the window; and when the prisoner came out of the shop I went in and told of it. Mr. Delaney came out of the shop, and went after her. I saw Mr. Delaney take the silk from her in Foster-lane.


                  RICHARD 
                  DELANEY
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brant
               



            . I was in the back part of the shop; my son and two others were serving in the shop.
Q. About what time did you receive any information of this - A. About three o'clock in the afternoon. I immediately went to the door, and asked who could point out the woman that took the silk. 
               
                  John 
                  Fear
               



             said, I will. He pointed out the prisoner down Foster-lane, saying, that is the woman. I followed her, took her by the hand, and requested that she would come back with me. At this time 
               
                  John 
                  Fear
               



             came so near as to point, there is the silk. The silk at that moment was falling from her shawl. This is the silk; it weighs one pound two ounces it is my silk; it is worth about three pounds.


                  JOHN 
                  COCKMAN
               



            . I produce the silk; it was given me by Mr. Delaney.

Prosecutor. That silk is my property and my partner's.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY, aged 52,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
