





237. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SAGGERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of January
, four bushels of malt, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cobham
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cobham
                  



               
            . AND THREE OTHER COUNTS the same as the former, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WAUGH
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Christian, the barrister. On Monday the 29th of January, I was going down Portpool-lane, Gray's Inn-lane


, I saw the prisoner go up to the tail of a cart, and take a sack of malt on his back; I followed him into Gray's Inn-lane; he crossed the way, and then he crossed the road again, and went on towards Holborn, untill he came to Bell-court, there he fell down with the sack of malt on his back; I went up to him, and asked him how far he had brought that malt; he said, he had brought it two or three doors from where he had fell down, and that he was going to take it into Holborn; I directly said, I dont think the malt belongs to you; he directly said, what malt; I was only passing by, I said, that which you have just now fell down with: he directly got up, and said, he knew nothing at all about it, he had been on the club six months, he could not carry a sack of malt if any body would give him ten guineas. A constable was sent for, and he was secured.
- STEVENS. I am a carman to 
               
                  James 
                  Doggett
               



            . The sack of malt was taken out of my cart, I had the care of it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
