





623. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BARTRAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, one bedstead, value 10 s.; one looking-glass, value 1 s.; three chairs, value 4 s.; two pieces of baize, value 1 s.; one tea-board, value 1 s.; one stove, value 5 s.; one pair of tongs, value 6 d.; one bolster, value 5 s.; one pair of bellows, value 6 d.; one bed, value 2 l., and one set of bed furniture, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Whitroe
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WHITROE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Whitroe
               



            , we live in Great Peter-street, Westminster


 - the prisoner lodged five weeks with us in a one-pair back-room, furnished; the articles stated in the indictment were let with the lodging. On the 3d of April I went up to her to ask for rent - I pushed the door open, she pushed it against me. I found all the furniture gone - the stove was torn out of the fixture. She said she was coming to tell me that the thieves had stolen it all. She ran into the street, I followed and overtook her. She then took me to where she had sold them all. They are worth above 4 l.


                  MARY 
                  LUKE
               



            . I live in Great Chapel-street, and am servant to Mr. Hill, who is a salesman. On the 22d of March I bought some bed furniture of the prisoner.


                  SARAH 
                  SEDGWICK
               



            . I am a charwoman. Between the 22d of March and the 2d of April, I bought two pieces of baize, three chairs, and a fender, of the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  CUSIC
               



            . I keep a broker's shop. I bought a blanket, quilt, and stove of the prisoner - she said they were her own.


                  ANN 
                  RICE
               



            . I keep a broker's shop in New Pye-street. I bought the tongs, poker, shovel, and bolster of the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
