





729. 
               
                  JOHN, alias 
JAMES, SHEPHARD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of September
, four yards of hessian sheeting, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Pope
                  



               
            , the elder
, 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bickham
                  



               
            . and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Pope
                  



               
            , the younger
.


                  SAMUEL 
                  POPE
               



            , SENIOR. I keep a Manchester warehouse
, 67, Cheapside; my partners

 names are 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bickham
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pope
               



            , junior. I lost the hessian on the 1st of September; on the 2nd we found it. I went to the Mansion House, and desired Matthews to come to my house, and take the prisoner into custody; he came, and after he took him into custody, the prisoner asked Matthews what was the matter; I told him he was a bad man; he had robbed me; he said, he had not. I then told him to take his hat and go about his business, and take his bag with him; this bag contained shreds, which are swept up; the shreds we allow the porter, as perquisites, with the straw, which is another perquisite for the porter. He went then into a lower warehouse by himself, and fetched his bag, and brought it into the upper warehouse. I then asked him if there was any thing in the bag but shreds; he said, no. The officer took him to the Poultry Compter; there the officer asked him again if there was any thing in this bag but the shreds; he answered, no, nothing but shreds. The officer turned the bag upside-down, and out came this hessian; four yards of Scotch sheeting, called hessian. The officer asked him if the sheeting was shreds; he said nothing then. The officer marked the sheeting. The prisoner acknowledged that he took it, and meaned to make a pillow-case of it. I told him he had stolen many other articles, and he had better tell me all he had done, and whom he was connected with. We then went and searched his lodgings, 59, Vere-street. There we found many other goods our property; we found there a piece of calico.
CHARLES MATTHEWS. I am a constable. Mr. Pope came to me at the Mansion House; he told me he had a porter that he thought had been robbing him. I went with him to the porter; I asked the porter if he had any box there; he said, no; he had a bag. I put my hand into the bag twice, and pulled out these shreds. I told him to come with me to the Poultry Compter, and there at the bottom of this bag I found these four yards of sheeting. He said, he was going to make a pillow-case or something if that sort. Then I went to his lodgings. I found some of the prosecutors property there, and through a paper in this bag, I found a quantity of goods at a public-house in Camberwell.
Prosecutor. The hessian sheeting was taken from the prisoner's bag; it is our property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
