





1463. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     HARRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, two coats, value 1l.; three waistcoats, value 15s.; one jacket, value 2s.; two shirts, value 4s.; one pair of pantaloons, value 5s.; one handkerchief, value 6d., and two 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Ryan
               




            .


                  PATRICK 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a labourer
, and lodge in Church-lane, St. Giles's


, on the second-floor-there are three other persons lodge in the same room-my property was in my box. On the 22d of October, I went to bed between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. I got up at six, and found my box locked as before, but the property was gone-the key was in my pocket, and so were the two 1l. notes. I have known the prisoner ten years, but do not know that he was in the room that night. Next morning, about eleven o'clock, I found him in custody at the George, public-house, in Brick-lane, with my property.


                  JOHN 
                  HENLEY
               



            . I lodge in the same room with the prosecutor. On Wednesday night, the 22d of October, between twelve and one o'clock, I came home, opened the door, and found the prisoner in the room. I asked him who and what he was? he made me no answer. I collared him, said he was a thief, and insisted on knowing what he was. He said he knew Ryan, who lived there, and sat down on Ryan's box - A woman brought a light. As soon as he saw the light he started off, leaving his hat behind him. He returned between four and five o'clock for his hat-one of the lodgers gave it out to him-we did not then know that anything had been stolen. When Ryan got up the theft was discovered, We went to look for the prisoner, and found him at the George, public-house, in Chick-lane. He rushed out of the house, I laid hold of him - He resisted very much, the constable secured him. He said, "Let me go, and I will give you every thing, except a waistcoat, which I have sold."


                  PATRICK 
                  CASEY
               



            . I keep the George, in Chick-lane. The prisoner came into my house on the 23d of October, about seven o'clock in the morning, with a bundle. I asked him where he had lodged the night before? he said he had just come from Canterbury. Ryan and Henley came in and took him-Ryan claimed the bundle, which the prisoner had given into my care.
THOMAS PIKE. I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge - He was struggling with the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I could get no bed, and knowing the prosecutor I went there to lay down. I found the bundle down stairs as I went out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
