





291. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     LOVETRUE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of April
, 7 pieces of foreign gold coin called louis'd'ors, value 7 l. 3 guineas, 2 dollars, and 2 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Peter Strihben


               
            .


                  PETER 
                  STRIHBEN
               



            . Q. What countryman are you - A. I come from Riga, last Sunday week the ship arrived here, and then I came on shore.
Q. Did you come from Riga, or from what other place - A. I came from Heligoland; I was in an accompting-house there. I came from there to London, thinking of finding some of my relations here, and then to go home to Riga.
Q. What place did you come on shore - A. I landed at a bridge that took me to Wapping. I wanted to go to Mr. Warren's a publican in St. Catharine's. I enquired the way to that publican; on my going along the prisoner stood at a shop door I asked him to give me change for a guinea; I wanted to buy something if I could have got change.
Q. What language did the prisoner speak to you in - A. English, I understood enough of English to know what he said. I took the louis'd'ors out of my pocket and picked out a guinea and gave it to the prisoner; the prisoner gave my guinea to a little girl in the shop where we stood; the girl brought it to me again and said they could not change it. I put it in my pocket and went away.
Q. Had you pulled out any more than that guinea - A. I took them all out of my pocket, and knowing that the louis-d'ors would not go here. I picked out the guinea from the louis-d'ors which I had in my hand. I was walking away, the prisoner followed me, and after a good bit he took me by the hand and questioned me how I came by so much money. I told him the money was mine, what need he trouble himself about it. The prisoner told me that there was a million of guineas stolen from the crown (from the king), that he was an officer in search of it. I said I had not stolen the money, he could go with me to the ship and enquire of the captain whether I did not bring this money from Heligoland. He replied, if you have stolen the money tell me, and it shall be secreted. The prisoner took me by the hand and took me into a public-house; the prisoner questioned me whether I wanted change or no. I said yes, and gave him a guinea. The prisoner ordered a shillings worth of rum, he paid for it out of the guinea, and gave me four crown-pieces. We both went out of this public-house together. I told the prisoner that I intended to go on board again, and that the prisoner might go on board with me, to see whether I had stolen the money or brought it with me. The prisoner then took me by the hand, and said I should go with him to his lodging.
Q. Did he shew you where his lodging was. - A. The prisoner told me he lodged where I first produced the guinea, it was his shop. He went with me to the said shop, and ordered the girl to put the tea-kettle on the fire, and invited me to drink tea with him. I staid with him till about seven o'clock in the evening. I then said to the prisoner, I wish you would recommend me to a decent lodging, it is too late for me to go on board again, I shall go in the morning; the prisoner said I could remain with him that night. I was agreeable to that, and before I went to bed it was near nine o'clock. I gave the landlady of the house seven louis-d'ors and three guineas to save for me for my own security. I had in my pocket when I went to bed three crowns, two shillings, and some halfpence. The prisoner shewed me the room where I was to sleep; I went to bed very near nine o'clock.
Q. Did the prisoner afterwards come to bed. - A. When I went to bed I took the three crowns and two shillings, and put them in my trowser's pocket.
Q. By crowns do you mean dollars. - A. English crowns, this is one.

Q. That is a dollar, were they what you had received in change of the prisoner at the other house. - A. Yes, I received four dollars of the prisoner at the other house, but one of the crowns I paid to the landlady for victuals and drink where I slept, and gave her my gold to keep for me. I had tea, bread and butter, and more things to eat, for which I paid two shillings and eight-pence. When I went to bed I folded my trowsers, and laid them on the chest in the same room where I slept. In the morning at two o'clock the prisoner came to bed; I do not know it myself, the prisoner himself said it was two o'clock, and the mistress of the house likewise. I did not hear any disturbance in the night. I got up in the morning at seven o'clock, my trowsers were on the chest where I laid them, in my jacket pocket; there were four pennyworth of coppers, but in my trowsers the silver was all gone. The prisoner slept in a pair of nankeen trowsers, he asked me, if I was going to get up: I said, I did not like to lay late of a morning. I got up first, and the prisoner immediately followed, the prisoner put his coat half on, and went down before he was dressed; I did not miss my money before the prisoner went down. I went down stairs to wash myself, and saw the prisoner in a little apartment backwards in the house. I spoke to the prisoner, I said, I had three crowns and two shillings in my pocket, and I did not know which way they had gone out of my pocket. The prisoner gave me no answer, he went up stairs, came down again, and gave me three crowns; he said, that he had took them to save them for me; I then did not say any thing about the two shillings any more. The prisoner asked me to go out; I told the prisoner I did not like to go out, I wanted a dish of tea, and then go on board again. The prisoner said, he had ordered breakfast, it would be ready in half an hour, and to go and take a little walk because the mistress of the house had to clean the place up. I went with him, he took me by the arm, and took me to a public-house; he ordered some brandy, and let me pay for it; the prisoner only drank of it.
Q. Why were you to pay for the brandy - A. The prisoner said he had nothing but Bank notes. I asked the prisoner to take me to a hairdresser to have my hair cut; I paid for that; he took me to another public house, after the liquor was brought he desired me to pay for it, which I did. I did not drink of that liquor, he took me by the arm again, and said he would take me to a pretty girl, and went into another public house and called again for some rum; I paid for it, I did not partake of that. After I had paid for the liquor I said, this is the last liquor I shall pay for, I want my money to buy a hat, neither do I want a pretty girl, I wanted to buy something and to go home, I said to him, shew me where I can buy a hat, and let us go home again; the prisoner said, we shall go home and take out breakfast, and after that we will go and buy a hat. The prisoner ordered a coach immediately and got into the coach; he put his hand out to help me in, I thought he was going to ride home to where I had slept, but he did not; the coach stopped in a street. I do not know the place; we got out of the coach, the prisoner took me by the arm and desired me to lend him a shilling; which I did; he then took me to a house where one Serjeant King lived, the breakfast things were on the table, Serjeant King was in bed, the prisoner told the mistress of the house to call him up; when Serjeant King came down he desired me to stand against the door to see what size I was. The prisoner had spoken to Serjeant King before that, but I did not pay attention to it. After some time I said to the prisoner I wish you would go home with me, I want to go on board; the prisoner than told me to stop there a little while, he was going of an errand. I said, I will not wait here, I will go with you, and Serjeant King and his wife; I went out with the prisoner, Serjeant King and his wife to a shop; the prisoner desired me to stop outside, I remained at the door untill they came out, the prisoner had a handkerchief with clothes in it; I then desired the prisoner to go home with me, or to direct me my way to the place; the prisoner said, you shall first go with me to Serjeant King's, I will dress myself and then we shall go home together. We went together to Serjeant King's again, and after the prisoner had dressed himself, he went away for about an hour and then came back. I then said, I want to go home; he replied, I must first go and get married to a person with an hundred pound, he could not go home till four o'clock. I said, I cannot stop, I desired him to tell me the name of the street where the house was where I slept. The prisoner told me it was St. Thomas's-street, that I was to lend him a crown, he would give it me when he came home. I lent him the crown; I then went in search of St. Thomas's-street, I could not find the house in Thomas's-street. I desired a boy whom I met in the road to shew me back to Serjeant Kings; the boy brought me to Serjeant King's again, he was not at home at the time; I got a direction at Serjeant King's, and Serjeant King's son went with me, and I found out the house where I had slept.
Q. Was that in St. Thomas's-street. - A. No, it was in Wapping-street, I knew the house, I went into it, I saw the mistress of the house, but not the prisoner; her name is Mrs. Perry; I asked Mrs. Perry for my money.
Q. What Mrs. Perry told you you are not to tell - A. By the desire of Mrs. 
               Perry
             I concealed myself in a corner of the shop, that if the prisoner came in he might not see me. It was about four o'clock when I got back to Mr. Perry's.
Q. Did the prisoner come into the shop while you were so concealed. - A. No, I slept that night at Mrs. Perry's, and the next morning I got up and went to Serjeant King. I left a messuage with him, that if the prisoner came there, for him to tell the prisoner that I was gone on board my own ship, because I could not find the house. I returned to Mrs. Perry's about twelve o'clock, I had the same boy with me, we went to several public-houses in search of the prisoner.
Q. Did he receive any information of the prisoner being at any public-house. - A. When he had returned to Mrs. Perry about an hour, a woman called Mrs. Perry, and she ran out; Mrs. Perry sent a messuage from a public-house that I must come immediately; he went with the woman to the second public house from his lodging. I saw the prisoner there Mrs. Perry held him fast, I desired Mr. Wood to assist and hold him. Mrs. Perry went for an officer, the officer came and secured the prisoner. I never saw any of my louis-d'ors or guineas again.


                  MARY 
                  PERRY
               



            . I live at No. 10, Wapping-street; I keep a chandler's-shop. The prisoner lodged in my house about three or four weeks; he is a labourer in the London Docks.
Q. Do you remember Sunday, the first of this month, seeing that boy, the prosecutor - A. The boy came tomy shop and wanted to buy something, and wanted change for a guinea. I was up stairs, the girl brought the guinea up to me, I had not change, I did not see the boy then, I sent it down by the girl. In about half an hour they came in together, the prisoner and the boy; I was down stairs then. The boy said, he wanted some tea if it was agreeable; the boy and the prisoner drank tea. Then the boy asked for a lodging; the prisoner said, he might sleep with him if it was agreeable. About nine o'clock the boy went up stairs to bed, and the prisoner went to bed about ten o'clock. In the morning the boy got up about seven o'clock; the prisoner had been out before I got up. When the boy went to bed he left with me seven louis-d'ors and three guineas: I was to take care of them for him till the morning. In the morning the prisoner said that in the night the boy had told him that he had taken the money he had left with me out of the captain's writing desk, and the boy was afraid of going to the captain without the prisoner going with him; with that I gave the prisoner the money to go with him to the captain.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing to you about giving him the money - A. Yes; he asked me to give it him to go with him to the captain with the boy. I gave the prisoner the seven louis-d'ors and three guineas.
Q. The boy was not there then - 
               A. 
            Not
Q. How soon after did you see the prisoner and the boy together - A. Directly; they were down stairs then. The prisoner took the boy out between seven and eight; he said, he was going to take the boy to the captain.
Q. How soon after this did you see the boy again - 
               A. 
            About four in the evening; he enquired for the money that he had left with me, I told him, that I had given it to the prisoner.
Q. Did you tell him what the prisoner said, of his having confessed that he had stolen it from the captain - A. Yes, and that he was going with it with him to the captain's.
Q. Of course, the boy denied that - A. Yes.
Q. He has told us, that he concealed himself by your desire in the shop - A. Yes, he did.
Q. Before that, I want to know whether, in the course of the day, the prisoner had been to your shop before you saw the boy - A. No, he had not; he did not come home that night.
Q. The boy has told us, that he slept in your house that night - A. Yes On the next day, about seven o'clock, I was fetched to the Duke of Argyle public-house, it is two doors from my house; I there saw the prisoner; I sent for my husband, and sent a woman for the boy, and went for an officer; the boy came before the officer came. I got Mr. Wood, our next door neighbour, to assist in detaining him till Mr. Gotty the officer came, then he was apprehended.
Prisoner. As I have the misfortune to be hard of hearing, I will give my defence in writing.
Q. to Mrs. Perry. Is he so deaf that he could not hear what is said here - A. No, he is not.
Prisoner. I wish to know what money I am indicted for.
Court. Your indictment was read to you; you are indicted for stealing seven louis-d'ors and three guineas, two dollars and two shillings.
Prisoner. It is a false indictment.
Court. That is for the jury to say.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you tell the prisoner in the night, that you had taken the money left with Mrs. Perry out of the captain's desk - A. I did not say it, nor did I steal it, therefore I could not say it.
Q. Did you tell him, that you was afraid of going back to the captain without the prisoner going with you - A. No.
Q. Had you given him any authority to ask Mrs. Perry for the money - A. No, not a word.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . Q. You belong to the Thames Police - A. I do. On Tuesday evening, the 3d of April, a little after seven o'clock, I was sent for; I went to the Duke of Argyle public-house, near Hermitage-bridge. I apprehended the prisoner, and took him to the Thames Police Office; he was searched, nothing relating to this indictment was found upon him. After we got out of the public-house he told me, he had sold the louis-d'ors for fifteen shillings a piece to a jew in the street.
Prisoner's Defence, (read). The defence of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Lovetrue
               



             sheweth, that on the 5th day of March 1810, I took a lodging of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Perry
               



            , the husband of the evidence 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



            , where I found every thing agreeable to my wishes until Sunday, the 1st April last, standing at the door of the said house, between the hour of three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the evidence Peter came and asked me for change of a guinea; I told him, I could not give him change, but would send the girl up stairs to the landlady for change; she could not change it. The evidence Peter then asked me to go with him and get change: I took him to a public-house in the neighbourhood, and called for the liquor; he paid the guinea; I received four five shilling pieces, and gave them to him. He asked me for a bed; I said, if he would go with me I would ask the landlady of the house; he went with me, and he there gave a number of gold pieces to a young girl in the house, with which the girl went up stairs and shewed them to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



            . In a short time she returned some of the gold pieces to the evidence Peter, who complained of the deficiency of two guineas. I went up stairs and found Mrs. Perry and Mr. Perry, I asked them what money they had kept back; they said, two guineas. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



             gave me one guinea, and the girl gave me another; I returned them to the boy, he thanked me very kindly. He asked for a bed; previous to his undressing he gave me three five-shilling pieces. In the morning he asked me for the silver that he gave me; on his coming down stairs, I delivered them to him before 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



            . I then put on my great coat to go to my labour at the London Docks, when 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



             came to me and said, that she had not experienced an, moment's of conjugal felicity that she had a right to expect, that scarcely a night had passed but only with sighs and tears; and as I had been out of employ, and had a quantity of clothes at the pawnbrokers, she would take them out and elope with me, and for us to go into the country. Immediately she counted ten gold pieces into my hands, seven pieces of foreign coin and three guineas; she took one of the guineas out of my hand and said, she would have it for her own use. I went out with the boy, and took him to a house in the Borough, and on the next day I returned. I sent for 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



            ; she asked me, how much money I had left, I had a suit of clothes that I had taken out by her desire, I told her. On my answer, she flew into a great rage, and instantly sent for an officer, and I was taken in custody; she said, as I had deceived her she had every thing in her power to get me hanged. Such arethe facts as they occurred, that I received the money of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry
               



             for the sole purpose before stated. This is the first time that my character has been attacked. I have honourably served his Majesty twenty-seven years, as the letter annexed will prove. I sincerely hope the verdict of the jury will answer my most anxious expectations.
Q. Now Mrs. Perry you have heard what has been read by that letter, did you deliver this money to him for any such consideration as that expressed there. - A. No, I gave it him merely upon his representing to me, that he was to take this money, with the boy, to the captain.
Q. And all that, you swear is a fiction. - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
