





286. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, from the person of HenryMurphy, ten 2l. bank notes, and sixteen 1l. bank notes, his property
            .


                     HENRY 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
            . I am a soldier
 in the 83rd regiment of foot. On the 31st of December, about half-past nine o'clock at night; I was at the King's Arms, at Fulham


, the prisoner is in the 63rd regiment, and was quartered there with me; I had received that day, from Drummonds, the bankers, one 50l. bank note, and thirtysix pounds in 1l. and 2l. Bank of England notes, in all 86l. I went to bed about half past eight o'clock; I looked over my notes, and they were all safe then; I rolled three 1l. notes upon the outside of the rest to buy some cloaths with, and put them all into my wife's pocket, which I put under my head in the bed where we both slept, the prisoner slept in the same room; he went to bed about a quarter of an hour after, and, by my desire, put out the candle. About two o'clock in the morning my wife awoke me, and asked for her pockets, to get some snuff, I told her they were under my head - We could not find them; I went down and got a light, and as soon as I came up, I found them laying by the prisoner's bed side; he was not in bed, I asked the man who slept with him, where he was, and he asked, what I wanted of him; I blamed him for robbing me of 36l. and 60l.; I awoke three more men (there were nine men quartered in the room), and looked about; I told the Colonel of it the next morning, and went to Queen-square; the prisoner was absent. I got a constable to accompany me to Isleworth, to look for the prisoner; I met a man who had been with him, and he went with me, and we found him in prison at Hammersmith, he had been taken before we arrived, nothing was found on him. His brother brought 13l. 18s. 6d. which the prisoner owned to be mine; the three 1l. notes were among it, and my name was on them; he had laid out 8l. in clothes, and bought a watch for 4l. 10s. and had been to several public-houses, and changed notes at them. I found my 50l. note torn in several pieces, and thrown about the room.
Q. by Prisoner. When did you make a memorandum of the notes - A.On the 31st of December, at night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOT
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 31st of December, about a quarter past ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came into the Greyhound public-house; he had no shoes on; he called for some beer and gin; he had some notes in his shirt bosom; he had no waistcoat on; I asked him, how he came by them, he said, he had received them from Cox and Greenwood, for back-pay and clothing-money, I said, he had better sleep there that night as he was in liquor, the landlord said, he must sleep with the soldiers if he did, to which he agreed; he counted his money, it was 35l. 18s. 61/2d., there were 1l. and 2l. notes among it, and gave it to the landlord to keep for him, and went to bed; I went home, and the next morning I went to the Greyhound again, it is about a mile from the King's Arms; the prisoner was up and waiting for his money, which the landlord gave him; he called for some gin, and a gallon of beer, to treat the soldiers, which he paid for, and said that he wanted to go to Hammersmith; I told him, I was going to work there; he said, he wanted to go to the Goat to send his money to his mother at Isleworth, as he was going on guard, I told him, he had better send his money to her, and that, there was a post-office near the Goat, at Hammersmith; he went into the Goat, and had a pot of purl, and gave the landlord a 1l. note to pay for it, and took, 18s. in change. I told him, he had better buy himself some clothes, and he went with me and bought two coats, two shirts, two waistcoats, one pair of pantaloons, one pair of overalls, three pair of stockings, two pair of shoes, three handkerchiefs, and a hat, which came to 8l. 14s.; he gave me 3s. to go with him to take his money to his mother at Isleworth; he got into the Reading coach, and rode to Isleworth. When I gave him up to his sister, he counted his money there, and said he had got 17l. in 1l. and 2l. notes, and part of the change of four 1l. notes; as I was going home I met Shorter, and told him where to find the prisoner. I afterwards heard of the robbery, and went back to look for the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHORTER
               



            . I am the landlord of the Goat public-house at Hammersmith; the prisoner came to my house on the 1st of January, in the morning, and called for some purl, and gave me a 1l. note to change; he talked about buying some clothes, he had some money, and I advised him to send it, by post, to his mother. I afterwards went to Isleworth and took him, and told him what I wanted him for; he said his brother had got the money and clothes; his brother brought them.
EDWARD EDGSON. I am constable of Hammersmith. I have 13l. 18s. 6d, some clothes, and a watch, which I took from the prisoner's brother, in his presence (I produce them).
MURPHY. I can swear to two notes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
