






199. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     LEARY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             were indicted, for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Oates
                        



                     
                  , about nine o'clock, on the night of the 10th of December
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one cruet frame, value 1s. 6d., and three glass cruets, value 7s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Pierrepoint
               



            .
HENRY PIERREPOINT. I am a glass-cutter
; I live in Drury-lane


. On the 10th of December, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I left my shop, was absent about five minutes, I rent the lower part of the house, of Oates; he lives in it. I had pulled the door to after me; I do not know whether it was fast, or not. As I was returning, when I passed my window, I saw a person standing with one foot on the door cill, and the other in my shop, with his left arm extended, so as to take something out of the window; there was another man with him at the time. I passed them to see if they would go away; they went away together. The tallest man had something under his coat; I pursued them about forty yards, and secured Leary, the other ran away. I called out watch, and Furze-man came up, and I gave him in charge. Three cruets, and a frame, were found under his coat; they were mine, and were in my window when I went out.
SAMUEL FURZEMAN. I took charge of the prisoner Leary, and found three cruets and a frame on him. The next day Pierrepoint pointed Sullivan out to me, and I took him.
PIERREPOINT. I am sure I saw the prisoner Sullivan at the door, and he was in the shop; there was a lamp in the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
LEARY'S Defence. I met a person in Drury-lane who gave me the things to take to a public-house.
SAMUEL FURZEMAN. When I took him, he said he did it from distress.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I was at my sister-in-laws, in Wild-street, at the time.


                  SUSAN 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . On the evening of the 10th of December, I saw the prisoner, Sullivan, in Wild-street, between nine and ten o'clock, the watchman was going half-past nine, when I first met him; I did not leave him till a quarter before ten. I stood talking to him in the street for half an hour; I had seen him at five o'clock that afternoon, he lives at my mother's house, in Drury-lane; he was to sleep at home that night.
Court. What were you talking about - A. I was not in a hurry; the watchman called to me as I was going home. I think it was the 10th of December; we did not go home together - He came home soon after ten: he lives with me; his brother went out and brought him home.
LEARY - GUILTY. Aged 17.
SULLIVAN - GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               Stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Borrough.
