






626. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BURGESS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HASSEN
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, a silver snuff box, value 5 s. the property of a person to the jurors unknown, from his person
            .
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. I am an officer of the city of London. On the 9th of July, the night of the illumination. I saw the prisoners from Spring Gardens to Carlton-house; I had my eye upon him; I followed him about two hours. I followed them close in the mob, and saw them take from several people pocket handkerchiefs, before I saw them take the snuff box. They went more than a dozen times from Spring Gardens to Charing Cross. I saw them at Spring Gardens


 come round an elderly gentleman and a lady together. I saw both the prisoners round the gentleman, and as they left the gentleman I saw something shine in Hassen's hand like a snuff box. They both left the gentlemen at the same time, and went towards Carlton-house again. They turned up St. Alban's-street, and went to the first public-house in St. Alban's-street, and directly they went into the public-house I searched them; I found on Hassen a silver snuff box, four silk handkerchiefs, one cotton, two pair of scissars, a knife with the blade open, a tailor's thimble, a rule, and a pair of gloves. Upon Burgess I found one silk handkerchief in his breeches pocket, and two cotton ones. I told them I had been following them. They said they found all the things. They said they found the snuff box by Spring Gardens. At the place where they said, it was impossible for them to stoop, the crowd was so great, or else I should have taken them; I could not on account of the mob.
Q. Had the handkerchiefs the appearance of having been found upon the ground - 
               A. 
            No; they are now as they were found; they have no appearance of having been upon the ground. I have advertised the things four or five times; nobody has come forward.This is the snuff box; it is gold inside. Hassen took it out of the gentleman's right hand waistcoat pocket.
Burgess's Defence. I went out to see the lights; on my returning I met Hassen; I had seen him twice before. We went together into this public-house to have some refreshment; Johnson came in and searched me, and found this silk handkerchief, I had it given to me in the morning by a young man, who is gone to sea. The cotton handkerchief is my own.
Hassen's Defence. On the night of the illumination I left my lodging at eleven o'clock; I walked up Pall Mall, I felt something soft under my feet; I found a silver snuff box wrapped up in some silk handkerchiefs I then met this young man; we went into a public-house together. Johnson came in and searched me, and found the property on me.
BURGESS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
HASSEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
