





475. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of June
, a silk handkerchief, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Stopford
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  STOPFORD
               



            . I was formerly a captain; I live upon my means, at 47, Upper Baker-street, Mary-le-bone. On the 6th of June I was in the crowd in St James's-street


, looking at the company going to the palace; I was off the pavement; the Lord Mayor's carriage was coming down; I was endeavouring to regain the foot pavement, I saw a police officer collar the prisoner and come up to me, he said, sir, you have lost your handkerchief, I saw him take it out of your pocket. I owned the handkerchief immediately, I had it in my hand about a minute before.
Q. What was the worth of the handkerchief - A. Sixshillings.
Q. Did you perceive the handkerchief go from you - A. I did not miss it at all. It was owing to the Lord Mayor's carriage coming, I was retiring precipitately previous to the carriage coming; I observed the prisoner, he was stuttering pretty much, talking in an audible voice to two or three men.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 4th of June, between three and four in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner, he was in company with one more, he was standing behind captain Stopford; I suspected the prisoner, I had seen him in company before; I saw him put his hand into the pocket of Mr. Stopford, and take out this handkerchief; not three minutes before I had seen captain Stopford wipe his face with the handkerchief. Directly as I saw the prisoner make off through the crowd I went after him and brought him back immediately; he had not gone above five or six yards; when I laid hold of him he had the handkerchief in his hand; I took it out of his hand. His companion made off. I told Mr. Stopford he had been robbed, and I saw the man take the handkerchief out of his pocket. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse; he had got two other handkerchiefs, one in his hat and another in his pocket; he had got a wire, and an instrument that is used for star glazing, as they call it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by the gentleman when he had his pocket picked; I did not do it; I picked up the handkerchief; and as for saying I had any other person with me, it is false.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
