





15. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WEBBE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, two pair of snuffers and two snuffer stands, value 1l. 7s. 10d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Granger 
                     Ive
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Burbridge
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John Staples 
                     Ive
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BURBRIDGE
               



            . I am an ironmonger


 in Fleet street


. We lost a great many snuffers, and amongst others we lost the two pairs in question; but we cannot say when they were taken. The prisoner had left our employment about three weeks, and went to live with Mr. Malsing. On the 2d of November, Mr. Malsing called on us with one pair of snuffers and tray, stating, that two pair had been offered to him for sale by 
               
                  John 
                  Webbe
               



            . I knew the snuffers to be our property, in consequence of our private mark being on them. I sent for a constable, and in the course of the evening the prisoner was taken. Next morning Mr. Malsing called on me, and I wished him to attend at Guildhall in the course of the day. He had then found the other pair of snuffers in his warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  MALSING
               



            . I live in Great Russell street, Bloomsbury, and am a coffee roaster. 
               
                  John 
                  Webbe
               



             had been in my service the third week, as porter
. He had brought these two pairs of snuffers and stands, and had given them to my foreman to sell for him. When I got to the warehouse, the foreman shewed them to me. On Thursday the 2nd of November, Webbe asked me to let him have two shillings in advance of his week's wages. I gave him five shillings and sixpence, and he gave me one of the pairs of snuffers. I put them in my pocket, and took an opportunity of taking them to Mr. Burbridge's; in consequence of which he was apprehended. He had denied all knowledge of the second pair, but I found the other pair in my ware-house.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  CRESSWELL
               



            . I am an officer, and produce the snuffers, which were given into my custody after I had taken charge of the prisoner.
(Property produced, and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
