







165. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KING
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HARRIS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of January
, a counterpane, value 5 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two night-caps, value 6 d. three small pieces of cotton, value 2 s. a glove, value 2 d. a remnant of velvet, value 1 s. and two pieces of carpet, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter James 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .
PETER JAMES RICHARDSON. I keep the Horse and Groom public-house
, Dogget's-court, Moorfields


. On Tuesday, the 4th of January, the prisoners came to my house between ten and eleven o'clock; they had two glasses of rum; one only of them partook of it, the other gave his share away; they afterwards had six-pennyworth of gin and water. I told them then to go. They wanted more liquor; I would not draw them any more. We missed King out of the tap-room; the other prisoner went and stood with his back against the tap-room door. I requested my sister-in-law to fasten the door, and let no more in. She went with intent to fasten it. Harris stood with his back to the door, and said the other man was coming in. I said, let her have none of your nonsense, let her go and fasten the door. He still refused. I pulled him away. While I was pulling him away, I happened to cast my eye on a window that gives light to the stairs in that passage; by the reflection of the lamp I saw King coming down stairs. I went into the passage; Harris followed me. One of them whispered to the other; after the whispering, King got the street door open. I saw King's pockets stick out very much. I asked him what he had got there. Harris got in between me and King, and prevented me from holding him. King held up his hand, made a blow at me, and ran away as fast as he could. I pursued him as far as the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             in Moorfields. When King found I was close at his heels, he swore he would serve me out. I said, you damned rascal, I will serve you out. His feet slipped; I catched hold of him, and brought him up to my own house. Harris came behind him, and took some linen out of King's pocket. Harris then went and dropped some things under the window. My sister picked them up; one of them was a little boy's shirt and a half handkerchief. I do not recollect the other things in my confusion; they are here, and they are my property. I am quite sure as to the persons of the two prisoners.


                  MARY 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I an sister-in-law to the Prosecutor. On the 4th of January I was at the Prosecutor's house, when the two prisoners were there in the tap-room. The Prosecutor desired the house should be cleared. I remember missing King. The Prosecutor desired me to go and fasten the door. I was prevented by Harris standing with his back to the door. My brother pulled Harris from the door. I afterwards saw King in my brother's custody.
Q. When you were at the door do you know where King came from - A. I saw him coming down stairs. I saw Harris take some things from King's pocket; he put them down by the wall by the window. I picked up a shirt, a pair of stockings, and a piece of fringe; I gave them to my brother; he gave them to Moreton the officer.


                  SARAH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a servant to the prosecutor, the counterpane now produced is my master's property, and this boy's shirt and all the things produced are my master's property, except the pieces of velvet, they are mine.
King's Defence. I was coming by this house at a late hour in the evening. I heard a great noise of singing and dancing up stairs. I went up stairs. I was asked to sing a song; I got very tipsey. As to the robbery, I know nothing of it.
Harris's Defence. I went to the club at the Horse and Groom. I got intoxicated there.
KING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
HARRIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
