






550. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, a seal, value 1 l. 10 s. a seal and key, value 1 l. 10 s. and part of a watch chain, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Potter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a Manchester warehouseman
, I live in Little St. Thomas Apostle. On the 30th of May I was coming home, I was met at the corner of Fleet Market, Holborn bridge


 about a quarter past twelve, I had my wife on one arm, and my sister on the other, and all in a moment five men came round me, one of them made a snatch at my watch, and the chain broke, they got half the chain, seal, and key. I got liberated as soon as I could from the ladies, and followed the person that took the chain, I called for the watchman, I could not get any watchman to my assistance, and on my pursuit the prisoner Smith accosted me, and asked me what was the matter; I collared him and told him he was one of the scoundrels that assisted in robbing me of my property; as soon as he saw the watchman coming down the hill, he rescued himself from me, gave me a blow upon the eye, and cut my lip; he then ran down towards Snow-hill, I pursued him, and there he was taken into custody, and taken to the watchhouse. The patrol, after we had been in the watchhouse some time asked me if I should know the man that took my chain and seals if I were to see him. I told him I thought I should; I went out with the patrol, there were a great many of them about the place; I pointed our the man to the patrol, I then went into the watchhouse for safety; there was some error between the patrol and the watchman, they brought in some other man that was not there. The patrol said, here is a great number of them about here, I had better look out, I did, I saw the prisoner Daniels, whom I identified; he was taken into custody.
Q. Did you ever find the chain - A. No.
Q. In regard of Smith are you sure he is the man - A. I am certain of it. I was in an aukward situation, they knocked down my wife and her sister; five of them came half round us in a circle, Daniels came between Mrs. Potter and myself, and broke the chain, and run back again. I pursuedDaniels, and Smith pursed me, and accosted me, saying, what was the matter, I collared him, and told him he was one of the scoundrels.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, I was coming down the bottom part of Holborn, when I heard the cry of stop thief, I immediately ran down to Holborn Bridge, where I saw five or six people collected, and two ladies, the ladies seemed to be very much agitated; I asked what was the matter, and Smith ran past, he was pursued towards Skinner-street, one of the gentlemen I believe pursuing him was Mr. Potter; I stopped with the ladies, and told them not to be alarmed, a little time after that Mr. Potter came to see that the man was secured: I conducted the ladies and Mr. Potter to the watchhouse, where I saw the prisoner Smith; I saw Daniels brought into the watchhouse after I was there.


                  ROBERT 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 31st of May, the prisoner Smith was brought into the watchhouse Mr. Potter gave charge of him; the inspector went out, Mr. Potter pointed to a man that pulled the chain and seals from him; he brought in a man, Mr. Potter said he was not the man; after going out again this Daniels was pretending to be very drunk; Mr. Potter immediately pointed to this man that pulled his chain and seals off, and gave charge of him. Mr. Potter was perfectly sober.
Smith's Defence. I was coming from Covent Garden 
               Theatre
             about a quarter past twelve; I went to this gentleman to assist him, he told me he had been assaulted with some ruffians; I was with him ten minutes. When he called the watch I own I struck him. In the watchhouse there was a young lad brought in with a fustian jacket, he said he was positive he was the man, and then they brought in this prisoner, and then he said he was positive that was the man.
Daniels' Defence. The same.
Smith called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
DANIELS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
