





961. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               falsely pretending, on the 10th of June
, to 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hayes
                     



                  , clerk to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                   and Co. stationers and paper stainers
, that a certain order in writing, signed 
                     
                        John 
                        Deane
                     



                  , which he then produced to the said 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hayes
                     



                  , was an order from 
                     
                        John 
                        Dean
                     



                  , of Congleton, to be delivered to the prisoner and by such false pretence, for fraudulently obtaining from the said 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hayes
                     



                  , one umbrella, value 1 l. 12 s. one parasol, value 1 l. 7 s. one box of colours, value 1 l. 19 s. 6 d. one hundred leaves of leaf gold, and a small box, value 8 s. 9 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        James 
                        Williams
                     



                   & Co
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors, who served Mr. Dean, of Congleton, with stationary and other articles. On the 4th of June, the prisoner at the bar came into our shop, and enquired for Mr. Cooper, one of the partners; he said he came from his fathers at Congleton, and produced this letter; (producing a letter.) The letter stated as if from the father, that we were to deliver to the prisoner all the articles mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner would convey them down, as he was to send a box to his mother, in which he could inclose them. Upon that order, I gave him a box of water colours, one hundred leaves of gold, one dozen packs of playing cards, nine pounds of sealing wax, a silk umbrella and a parasol. The amount was nine pounds fifteen shillings and nine pence. I let him have some of the things, for the convenience of going more safely in a box, which he said he was going to send to his mother.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am the father of the prisoner, and reside at Congleton in Cheshire. (Letter put into the hands of the witness.) This is not my hand writing; I never authorised any person to write it for me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, between the ceiling and the tiles of a house in Castle street, Long Acre. He told me he had sold the things.
Prisoner's Defence. I got these things for my support, as I was out of any situation.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant
