





389. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of April
, a pair of shoes, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Phillips
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, 31, Playhouse-yard, White cross-street


. The prisoner has been my journeyman
 about four years; he worked in my shop, and occasionally acted there in serving. On Saturday, the 7th of this month, for the first time, I suspected the prisoner of robbing me. I missed a pair of shoes that day which I had no doubt were taken by the prisoner. On Tuesday night, the 10th, I searched the place where he was at work, I found a pair of shoes hid under some loose leather, the initials of my name on the bottom were endeavoured to be punched out; having no doubt they were put there for the purpose of taking them away, I took them out and marked them privately in the upper leather, and put them there again; and on the Wednesday, when he went to tea in the afternoon, I looked and found the shoes were gone. I said nothing to him at night on the same Wednesday. I looked in the same place again, and another pair of mens' shoes were secreted there. I marked them the same as I had done the others, and put them in the place where they were hid. The next morning, when the prisoner was to breakfast, I looked for the shoes, they were g went to the Police-office, Worship-street, goto search his premises. I took the opportunity of going with the officer when he was at dinner, that he might be present when the search was made. I accused him of robbing me; he denied it. I told him, we had a search warrant, he might as well produce it; he said, then, he had a pair up stairs. We went with him up into the second floor, he pulled out this pair of shoes from behind a bonnet-box in the cupboard; this was the last pair; he said then, that he had taken on the day before, and on the Saturday he had sold to a stranger.
- HARPER. I went with Mr. Phillips to execute the warrant. The prisoner went up stairs, and took the shoes out of the cupboard.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in Mr. Phillips's shop a considerable time. I have done his business duly and truly. I have acquaintances of my own that I recommended to buy shoes of my master; this pair of shoes in question, I sold them to a young man; Mistress Phillips, or the son, took the money; he had one or other in the shop always ready to take the money. This young man never tried the shoes on, he went away with them and brought them back, and I changed them; this pair I took home to bind to change for the man; and before I could bring them back, the officer came and took me
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
