





875. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROOKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, two pieces of nankeen, value 7 l. 10 s.; four pieces of dimity, value 9 l.; nine pieces of fustian, value 39 l.; thirty-five pieces of calico, value 39 l.; sixteen pieces of gingham, value 20 l., and four pieces of linen, value 14 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Worster
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Stubbs
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bartlett
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Worster
               



             and 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Stubbs
               



            , who have a booking office at the Rose inn, Smithfield. I received two bales of goods from Slater, which were to go to the Paddington canal - they were forwarded on the 15th of April, by the waggon. They were directed to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bartlett
               



            , Brackley, Buckinghamshire.


                  JOHN 
                  SLATER
               



            . I sent these goods stated in the indictment to the last witness, directed to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bartlett
               



            ; they were pillow fustians and nankeens. They are worth about 90 l. I have since seen part of them.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am agent to the prosecutors'; the two bales of goods in question were delivered at the wharf, and put into the warehouse on the Paddington wharf, with other goods - it was locked. There are three doors, which are fastened inside, and locked. On the 20th, as we were going to put them in the boat, we missed them; I immediately gave information of it all over the neighbourhood, and handbills were printed. The prisoner lived opposite our wharf. On the 26th, about six o'clock in the evening, I went to his house with Woodbury, he met us on the wharf, and seemed very white and confused. Woodbury asked him how many carts he had in the yard? - he keeps the wharf - he said he had one cart. Woodbury asked him if he had heard of the robbery? he said,
"No, what robbery?" Woodbury said,
"have you not heard of the robbery over at Stubbs and Worster's, about some pieces of nankeens and things, that have been stolen." He seemed very much agitated, and said he had found some pieces in the dunghill. We asked him where they were? he said in his house. He consented to our going into his house. We began to search, he pointed to a box full of pieces of nankeen and pillow fustians, and said
"There is what I found." There were two boards laid by the side of the box, which would make a cover to it - it would then be a complete package; a saw also laid with the boards, as if it was ready to be packed up. The officer asked to search the stable? he said he had not got the key. The officer said he would break it open. He then said he thought he could find a key that would open it. I then perceived a piece of pillow fustian lying in the bed. I said
"what is that? there is another piece there." He
"yes, there is a piece there." Woodbury said if that is the case I must search the house, and immediately went to the bed, turned the clothes down, and found another piece of fustian in the bed. We found nine of the wrappers. He said he found them on Sunday morning, and had told nobody of it. It was very wet on Saturday night and Sunday morning, the goods appeared a little dusty, but nothing like dung or wet in the least. The box did not belong to us.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. They were soiled - A. Yes, they would get that by moving about. He said there was a little dung scattered over them - there was a dunghill on the wharf. We found nothing in the stable. I had seen the goods in our warehouse. Either me or my nephew received them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I went to the prisoner's house with the last witness. On Monday the 26th of April, about six o'clock in the evening,and saw him coming out of the door; I asked him how many carts he had in his yard - he said one. I asked him where it stood - he appeared confused, and pointed to a place where it did not stand. He knew I was an officer. I asked him if he had heard any thing of the robbery which had been committed on the opposite side of the water? he said,
"No, what robbery?" I said,
"Not heard of the robbery at Worster and Stubbs's, opposite you?" He said No, again. I said, if you know nothing of the robbery, do you know any thing of nankeens and corderoys? he said Yes, he had got some of them. I said then shew me where they are. He took me into his house, and pointed to a box in the middle of the room. I asked him if that was what he found? he said Yes. I said
"is this all you found, you did not find them in this box, for they were lost in wrappers." He said he found them in the box. I asked where, he said in the yard, in the dunghill, on the Sunday morning. I asked if he had got the key of the stable - he said No. In going out Holt saw a piece of fustian under the bed. I asked the prisoner why he did not tell me he had got it there, and if he found that in the dunghill - he said Yes. I turned down the bed clothes, and found another piece in the bed - he never told me it was there. He said he found that in the dunghill also, and that he found them all in the box. The box was quite full without these two pieces - it would not hold them. I asked him who he had told that he found the property, and if he had told the carter or clerk of the wharf? he said No, he had told nobody. Bills had been posted about, and I had given them about the neighbourhood. The outside of the box was quite dry. There were two pieces of wood laid by it, which appeared just sawed - they quite fitted the box - there was sawdust about. Next evening I went and found several picklock keys.
Cross-examined. He said he had told nobody whatever, that he had found them.
Q. Since the prisoner's confinement has there not been more goods found in the neighbourhood - A. Yes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was throwing the night soil up in the yard, stuck my fork against the box, and pulled it out; I went to the Horse and Sack, mentioned it, and inquired if they knew who had lost any thing? they said No. I heard nothing more until the witnesses came; I showed it to them, and said there were more pieces in the bed.


                  STEPHEN 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . I am a labourer; the prisoner was taken up on Monday evening - I had seen him on the Sunday morning. He came into the Horse and Sack, public-house, in the Harrow-road, Paddington - 
               
                  Mary 
                  Humphries
               



             was there at the time; she is ill now. He said that he had found some linen and things in a box among the horse-dung, and if I heard who had lost such things to let him know.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did he show you the things - A. No. I live at Parry's-place, about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's; I did not hear of the robbery - the landlord was present. I did not tell this to the magistrate or to anybody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOVE
               



            . I am a brick-maker; the prisoner was in my employ, and has lived sixteen years with me - he lives at the wharf; the wharf gates are open all night. There was a large dunghill in the yard for the purpose of being mixed with the night soil.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you ask if the officers found any potatoes in the prisoner's house - A. A. No, I said I had lost some.


                  JOHN 
                  BALL
               



            . I am clerk and foreman to Mr. Dove; I confirm his statement respecting the wharf. I saw the prisoner find the keys in the night soil.
Q. On your solemn oath did you see him find the keys - A. I did, on my solemn oath. I borrowed one of them about five months ago to pick a lock of my own drawers - they were fastened together when he found them, I believe. He shovelled them out of the night soil.
Q. How long before the robbery - A. About two years ago.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Where do you live - A. At No. 9, Lisson-green, North. I have been there nineteen years.
Q. You had heard of the robbery - A. No, I had not. I came from dinner, turned into the public-house, saw the bill up, and went to the wharf.
Q. On your oath did you not know of the robbery before Monday - A. On my oath I did not - positively I did not know of it till the the middle of the day on Monday.
Q. You swear positively that you never heard or knew of the robbery till the middle of the day that the prisoner was apprehended - A. I did not, on my oath.
Q. On the oath you have taken have you never said to any body, that you gave the prisoner information of the robbery being committed on the wharf, before he was apprehended - A. Never in my life. I never told him so.
Q. You never told anybody that you said so to him - A. Never in my life, for I never knew of it.
Q. Look at Holt, and say on your oath, did you not tell him that you informed the prisoner that a robbery had been committed before he was taken - A. No, I did not on my oath, for I did not know of it.
Q. Do you know Woodbury - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not tell him - A. I did not.
Q. Did you not tell Woodbury, the officer, that you informed the prisoner before he was taken into custody that the robbery had been committed - A. On my oath I did not.
Q. Had you ever seen these goods before the prisoner was taken into custody - A. Never.
Q. And two years ago I am to understand that you saw the prisoner shovel the picklock keys out of the night soil - A. I think it was as long as that - they are steel, and will not canker in the soil so soon as iron.
COURT. Q. The keys you say are made of steel - A. I believe so.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLT
               



             re-examined. Q. Did the last witness, or did he not tell you he had informed the prisoner before he was taken into custody that the robbery had been committed - A. Yes, he did, he said he told him, and he was very much surprised that he should conceal them; he said he told him of the very great robbery which had been committed at Worster and Stubbs, and he was surprised that he should conceal them after he had found them, as he informed him himself of it.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. When did this occur - A. On Tuesday morning - the next morning afterthe prisoner was apprehended. I think it was about nine o'clock.
Q. It was known in the neighbourhood that the prisoner was taken up - A. I believe it was.
Q. Mr. Ball was about the neighbourhood that morning - A. He is the person I am speaking of - he was not before the magistrate.
Q. Was anybody else present but you and the officer - A. No. not in conversation with us - it was on the wharf, near the prisoner's house.
Q. It came out in the course of conversation - A. Yes he expressed his great surprise that he had concealed it and had said nothing about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you hear Ball say at any time, that he told the prisoner before he was apprehended of the robbery which had been committed at the prosecutors' - A. He said before the prisoner was apprehended, that he had said to Brooks, what a robbery had been committed on the opposite side, at the prosecutors' wharf.
Q. Did he say it was before the prisoner was apprehended or after - A. He did not say which, nor was he asked the question.
Q. When did he say this - A. On the Tuesday after the prisoner was taken up - he was standing on Dove's wharf, opposite the prosecutors'.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. He did not say whether he told the prisoner before or after he was taken up - A. I did not understand which.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
