





388. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FRENCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of March
, a washing tub, value 2 s. a candlestick, value 1 s. a cocoa nutshell, value 10 s. and a boot jack, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Foster
               




            .


                  REBECCA 
                  FOSTER
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Foster
               



            , 137, Old Gravel-lane


. I lost these things from the 4th to the 12th of March. The prisoner's husband was a watchman in the Dock; he lodged with me. He brought his wife into my house; I said, as she had been in trouble she should not sleep in my house; but he begged hard, and I gave leave till she got a room.


                  SARAH 
                  HEMPSTER
               



            . About a month ago I bought a tub of the prisoner, I gave her two shillings for it.


                  OBADIAH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 6th of March the prisoner pledged a flat iron with me.
GEORGE PARTRIDGE. I am an officer. On the 13th of March Mrs. Foster came to me. I went to her house, and took the prisoner in custody. I found the duplicate of a flat iron upon her. There was a boot jack and other things sold at the old iron shop. The people at the iron shop said, they had got nothing; afterwards they came before the Magistrate, and gave them up.


                  SARAH 
                  LEVI
               



            . I live at 109, Old Gravel-lane.
Q. Of whom did you buy that boot jack and the other things - A. Mrs. Foster came to me; she said, she had lost a candlestick; she said, good God, that is my boot jack out at your door. I said, is that your candlestick; she said, no. She came on the next day, and the same candlestick was on the mantle-piece: dear me, she said, I think that is my candlestick. I said, yesterday you said it was not. I bought it of a man: I believe him to be an honest man. She took the candlestick; she said, she did not mind any thing so much as the cocoa nut-shell. I said, as you are going before the magistrate take it, do not mention my name, it makes such a bother.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
