






313. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WIATT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     FRAZER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of April
, a pocket-book, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Holland
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am an officer late of his Majesty's Navy
. On the 11th of March, I was in Newgate-street


, between the hours of two and four in the afternoon, I was standing looking at the Lord Mayor going to church; I felt a tag at my pocket; I took my handkerchief out, and placed it in my other pocket. I felt another tug at my pocket, and on my turning round I found the two prisoners in possession of the officer, Brown.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. I was on duty on Easter Monday in Newgate-street, about two o'clock, the children were going into church; I observed the two prisoners following the prosecutor; I watched their motions, and got close to them. I saw the prisoner Wiatt take the book from the prosecutor's pocket, and put into the hands of Frazer. I immediately collared both of them. Frazer threw the book in among the children. I let go Frazer to pick the book up; some gentleman laid hold of him as I turned round to pick the book up. I took them both into a shop and searched them both; on Frazer I found another pocket-book. This is the pocket-book that belongs to Mr. Holland.
Prosecutor. It is my own pocket-book.
Wiatt said nothing in his defence.
Frazer's Defence. I am now fifty odd years of age. I have been the father of twenty-two children, eleven of which are alive now. I had been to my employers, Mr. Smith, of Postern-row, Tower-hill, with some pens that I had finished. He gave me twelve hundred more to go on with until he sent the porter with more. I had my boy with the quills in my hand when Brown, the officer, seized me. Before that, I felt something hit against my hand; I did not see it; it fell to the ground. When the officer picked it up, it appeared to be a pocket-book. As to the prisoner, Wiatt, I do not know him; I never saw him before.

WIATT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
FRASER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
