






583. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COX
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, two quarts of distilled spirits, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrington
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a distiller
, at New Brentford; my partners

 names are 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harrington
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            ; there are two 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smiths
               



             in the firm. The two prisoners were in our employ, Cox was a labourer
, and Mason a watchman
 in consequence of information, I directed 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wise
               



             to watch our distillery. On the 14th of June, I was called up about a quarter before four in the morning; I was told in the prisoners presence, that they had been taking spirits out of the spirit-cask; they denied it.


                  RICHARD 
                  WISE
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Smith and Harrington, distillers. On the night of the 13th and the morning of the 14th, I watched in the distillery; I was placed at the window, with the casement open; where I had a full view of the spirit-cask. Between two and three in the morning, I saw Mason and Cox in the distil-house; that is the room in which the spirit-cask is kept.
Q. Had Cox any business there at that time of the night - A. No; Mason was watchman. Cox had no business on the premises at that time at all. When they came, I pulled my head away from the window; the first thing I heard was one of the prisoners pull the slider off the spirit-cask; I heard theslide go off; I then listened until I heard a liquid running into something; then I peeped up. I saw Cox put some instrument into the spirit-cask, through the hole where the Excise officer dips. I saw the liquid run from his hand into the can while he was squeezing that. After that, he ran off again out of the spirit-cask, and then squeezing it into the can; I think he was there half an hour.
Q. Now, while Cox was doing this, what did Mason do - A. He stood with his lanthorn, giving him a light. When they had taken as much as they chosed, Mason moved his position he back stood in; he stood with his back rather towards me; he moved in the front of me. I did not keep looking the whole half hour; sometimes I was looking, and sometimes listening. I heard somebody walk across the distil-house; I saw Mason walking to the second wash-still, he fetched a broom; I saw him sweeping the dust over the top of the spirit-cask to dry up the wet; that when we came in the morning we could not see what had been done. They went away then, and took the can with them. I then came down, went into the distil-house, and perceived the fresh dirt which they had swept over the wet on the cask.


                  MATTHEW 
                  GIBSON
               



            . On this night, I was placed outside of the premises to watch; Carver, the constable was with me. I saw Cox some from the distillery a little after three; I followed him about two hundred yards, and then I told Cox, I wanted to go home with him, and after he got home we searched him. We found nothing. He took a pocket-handkerchief out of his pocket, it smelled very strong of spirits; I took the handkerchief from him, and smelled it. I returned it to him some time afterwards. I gave Cox into the possession of the constable. I returned into the distillery. I asked Mason who had been there; he said Cox, he had come to sleep, he had been out late. I asked Mason if he had left nothing with him; he said, he had not. We looked round for the spirit, which he had taken out of the spirit-cask. Behind Mason's watch-box, we found a quart bottle of spirits in a sack; in removing the sack, the spirit run out of the bottle. This is the spirit; it is raw corn spirit. I believe it is the spirit which they took from the spirit-cask; it corresponds with it. I found the tin can concealed in a saw-pit; one hundred and ten yards from the distillery. This is the tin can; in it was five pints of raw spirits; it was warm from the spirit-cask; it is the identical spirit; the same as in the bottle.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Cox called three witnesses, who gave him a good character
Mason called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
COX, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.
MASON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
