





292. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of March
, a pocket-book, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 2 s. and a pair of gloves, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Thomson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES THOMSON. On the 22nd of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was in Old Bond-street


. The prisoner reeled up against me as if he was intoxicated, and by that means he got me up against some pallisades.
Q. Did it appear to you that he purposed to do it, or that he was actually intoxicated. - A. He did it on purpose; four men then came up, two of them stood before me, and the other two were behind me, and picked my pocket of a pocket-book, a silk handkerchief, and a pair of gloves.
Q. Did you know them things to be in your pocket recently before. - A. I had my hand in my pocket upon them not two minutes before.
Q. And you felt their hand in your pocket, and you suppose they took them articles away. - A. Yes, I was so alarmed at the time that they picked my pocket, I let the men that picked my pocket run away; I let them leave me as if I took no notice. I then saw the other three. I went up to a watchman and related the case to him, and insisted upon him taking charge of the three; he said, yes, and acquainted them with the charge that I had made; they said, they were innocent of the crime and they would go without force; they then turned round as if to go to the watchhouse, and went down Stafford-street. I was behind them, and expected the watchman was following of me, instead of which, he had gone a hundred yards, to take the trouble to shut his watch-box door. The prisoner turned round, and finding me only behind, they run off, and separated different ways; I kept the prisoner in sight from first to last; he run; I pursued him and never lost sight of him; I came up to him and collared him; three gentlemen were by; I took him up to Mount-street watchhouse, there I gave charge of him to the constable of the night, Mr. Watson. I am positive the prisoner is the person that reeled up against me, and he is one of the three men that I gave charge to the watchman, who went back to his box, and he is the man that I seized when the three gentleman came up.
Q. Did it appear to you that his shoving of you in apparent drunkenness, was real or affected. - A. He was perfectly sober when I collared him the second time, and so he was at the watchhouse.
Q. Did you collar him the first time. - A. Yes, I collared him the first time, when he reeled against me; and the second time when the gentlemen came up. It was a moonlight night; I saw him when I collared him the first time, I never lost sight of him before I collared him the second time.
MR. WATSON. I was constable of the night in the watchhouse; I received charge of the prisoner, as being one of the five that had robbed the prosecutor of his pocket book.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
