






1268. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, one watch, value 1 l.; one chain, value 6 d., and two seals, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Ward
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WARD
               



            . On the 10th of September, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was going home - I was about half way down Rosemary-lane. The prisoner accosted me, and said,
"My dear, where are you going?" I said I was going home and did not want her; she still kept hold of my arm, and would walk by my side. I took her into a public-house, and gave her some gin, in order to get rid of her - she would insist upon seeing me home. I told her to go about her business, and wrenched myself from her - at that moment she took my watch. I did not miss it till I got home, then ran immediately to the watchman, and described her to him; he took me to another watchman, who found her, and produced my watch.


                  JOHN 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am a watchman. About half-past two o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor was brought to me by a watchman, who said 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Brown
               



             had robbed him. I found her in White's-yard, and asked her for the watch? she said she had never seen him or his watch. She then went to her lodgings, took it from the fireplace, and gave it to me; it was concealed in an old shoe.
Prisoner's Defence. He left it on my table.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
