





970. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 14th of June
, at Fulham


, about two o'clock in the night, feloniously did pluck up certain roots, viz. six pecks of onions, value 8 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Jefferys
                        




                     
                  , and growing and being in a certain garden-ground belonging to him
            .
SECOND COUNT. For stealing the said onions, instead of plucking them up.
THIRD AND FOURTH COUNTS, the same, only stating them to be growing in a certain inclosed ground belonging to the said 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jefferys
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  JEFFERYS
               



            . I live at North End, Fulham, and am a market-gardener
. I had onions growing on my premises in a ground enclosed with a quickset hedge; they were growing there on the morning of the 13th. On the morning of the 15th, about two o'clock, the watchman called me up, I went into the ground and missed them - they must have been pulled up within an hour, as the ground was quite fresh. The patrols brought them to me in a basket and sack - they appeared to have been recently drawn, and were of the same size and appearance as mine. There was about a bushel and a half, and were worth 8 s.


                  ISAAC 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a foot patrol of Fulham. On the 15th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, I was going my rounds, and heard somebody in Mr. Jefferys' premises. I got over the hedge, and told Jee to remain there. I saw the prisoner with the sack on his back - I knew him well before. I was going to lay hold of him, but slipped down. He spoke to me, then threw the sack down, and escaped through the hedge and over the water. The sack contained onions. I took it and called the prosecutor. On the 17th of June I apprehended the prisoner. As he was going before the magistrate he confessed it, and said he borrowed the sack of Mr. Boulton, who was going to buy the onions of him.


                  JOHN 
                  JEE
               



            , I am a patrol. I was with Hawkins, and saw the prisoner pulling the onions up - I knew him well before. He was afterwards taken, and said he borrowed the sack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
