





217. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATHEWS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               steal ing, on the 2d December
, one pistol, value 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rae
               




            .
THOMAS RAE. I live in the Minories


. On the 2d of December, I lost about fifty or sixty pair pistols, and other things.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. There was a great many people - A. I was not in the shop at the time.
JOSEPH DELANY. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Rotherhithe. On Saturday, the 4th of January, the prisoner came to my house to pledge a pistol. I delivered it to the officer. I saw the name of Rae, 91, Minories, on the barrel. I asked the prisoner if it was his property; he said he was an officer's servant; and produced a paper purporting to be a recommendation from his late master. He said his master bought it at Mr. Montague's. I stopped it.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. It was a month after the robbery.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  FELL
               



            . I am clerk to the Thames Police-Office; the prisoner was examined at our office; Delany was examined, and produced the pistol. The prisoner was asked how he came by it. I took down, from his mouth, what he said (reads.) "I was servant to Lieutenant Prior, he brought it from abroad about two years and a half ago; he went to Chichester, and I dare say he is there now. I was in London at the time of the riots; but do not recolleet where. I was not at the riots. I used to attend clubs before I went to sea, but that led me into bad company, and that was the reason of my going to sea. Lieutenant Prior gave me his pistols, and other things, to the value of 50l. I have sold all the other things, as I was short of money."
Prisoner's Defence. I shall state nothing but what you have heard. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
