






1334. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BAMFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHEEN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, two pair of sheets, value 1l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  James Henry 
                  Leigh
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  HIGHAM
               



            . I am housemaid to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Henry
               



             Leigh, who lives in Portman-square


. On the 25th of July, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners in the kitchen-passage, which communicates with the area. They were dressed like sweeps, and had a black sack with them. They ran away when they saw me, leaving the sack on the area steps. I pursued, but lost sight of them. A soldier stopped them. I found two pair of my master's sheets in the sack, which I had put in the housekeeper's room just before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a corporal in the Guards. I went in pursuit of the prisoners, and saw them at the corner of Portman-street, just by the prosecutor's house. They ran up Bryanston-street. I stopped Bamfield in the Park, he got through some broken rails there; I told him he was my prisoner, and must go with me; he said he would not; I found a pair of silk stockings on him, and took him back. Higham said they were the two. I never lost sight of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a servant in Chapel-court, King-street, I saw Potter pursuing the prisoners. I took Sheen in Seymour-place. He threw a latch key away. Higham said he was one of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BAMFIELD'S Defence. I found the stockings in the Park.
SHEEN'S Defence. I saw him find them.
BAMFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SHEEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
