







82 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOLLOY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November

, a cooper, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roberts
                  



               
            ; and 
                
               
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ETHERINGTON
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, the same goods, she knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Roberts, ironmonger
, in Oxford-street



. On the 8th of November I know we had the copper on the area railing. It was taken away between the hours of two and five.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . On the 8th of November I was in Chick-lane, watching some receiving houses there. Iobserved three or four men coming down the lane; they stopped at Mrs. Etherington's door.
Q. What is Mrs. Etherington. - A. She keeps a chandler's shop
 - it is a lodging house. I observed the prisoner Williams, and two others, forcing that copper into the street-door. It is a large copper. It was too wide. When they got the copper in, I ran over the way directly. I got into the house, and seized Williams standing by the copper, and Molloy standing by him. Mrs. Etherington was standing with the candle in her hand, by the side of the counter. They seemed alarmed at my coming in so sudden upon them. Mrs. Etherington turned herself round, and went into the parlour. I secured the two prisoners. I told Mr. Barnley, a constable, to go in the passage. It is a double house. They are two houses joined together; and as they got the copper in, the two men went in the passage into the other house - they made their escape. I secured these two men. Williams face was all over black. I took them to the office, and left Mrs. Etherington in the care of Barnley. I came back from the office, and then took Mrs. Etherington in custody. When I got her to the door, she put a dollar in my hand. She said,
"let me go, and be as easy as you can." I told her I could not do any such thing, and returned the money back.
Mr. Knapp. The moment you saw these persons go into the house, you directly went into the house, how many were they. - A. There were three, Sir. I went in directly after the copper.
Q. There were no bargain for money that you saw. - A. I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 8th of November, Mr. Hutt called and asked me to point out Etherington's house to him. We went and looked in the window, then crossed the way and stopped there. We saw either three or four men come with something along. I saw them put it down at Mrs. Etherington's door, and they tried to get it in one way; they could not; they turned it, at last they got it in; the door goes with a pulley; it went to. Hutt ran over. I said,
"stop, let them buy it first." Hutt was in a hurry, he ran over. When I got in, Hutt had got hold of these men. He said,
"Go on, there is some more gone up the passage." Mrs. Etherington was there, and I think, with the keys of the warehouse in her hand, but that I do not swear to. Her houses are No. 10 and 11. I questioned Molloy and Williams, where they got the copper from? they gave no satisfactory account at all.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at No. 1, Field-lane. I saw Molloy walk before the man that carried the copper. I knew Molloy before. I cannot say that he was in company with him.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Roberts. On the 8th of November we had a copper on the area railing, exposed to sale. That is the copper. I saw the copper about two in the afternoon, and between four and five it was gone.
Molloy's defence. I was bad two or three weeks with my arm in a sling. That day I was so bad I could not get up before six o'clock in the afternoon. I lodged in Etherington's house. If you will please to call 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



             Fountain, she will testify the truth of that.


                  MARY 
                  ANN FOUNTAIN
               



            . I have known Mrs. Etherington some years. I know Molloy, he lodged at Mrs. Etherington's.
Q. How long have you known him. - A. Not a great time.
Q. Do you know Barnley. - A. No.
Barnley. Q. Did you ever see me turning you out of the street. - A. No.
Court. Q. What o'clock did he get up that day. - A. Between five and six o'clock in the evening.
Q. Where was he between the hours of two and five. - A. I do not know, I did not see him before that.
Barnley. When I asked Mrs. Etherington if Molloy lodged there, she said, No.
Q. to Davis. What time was it when you saw him. - A. It was in the evening, my lamp was lit.
Williams defence. I went to that house to get a lodging. Mr. Hutt nor Mr. Barnley cannot say I had the copper. The people that brought the copper made their escape the back way.
Hutt. I saw Williams come to the door, he was helping to put it in. He was not the man that carried the copper, they were two brothers; they made their escape. I have not been able to take them.
MOLLOY 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
WILLIAMS 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for seven Years
            .
ETHERINGTON 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
