





108. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAUDE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
Counsel for the prosecution, MR. ADOLPHUS.


                  GEORGE 
                  SELBY
               



            . I am vestry clerk of St. James's, Clerkenwell. I produce a copy from the register of the church at Leeds - I compared it with the register myself; it was the certificate of the marriage of 
               
                  John 
                  Maude
               



             to 
               
                  
                     Harriet 
                     Wisht
                  




               
            , on the 20th of December, 1807 - (read).


                  HANNAH 
                  FURBANK
               



            . I am mother of 
               
                  Harriet 
                  Wisht
               



            , and live at Leeds - the prisoner courted my daughter; I did not accompany them to be married; I consented, and know they went - they afterwards lived together as man and wife for thirteen years, and had seven children, six of whom are living, and are with my daughter, on the parish of Clerkenwell. The prisoner is a swansdown weaver
, my daughter is a pipe-trimmer. He behaved very well toher until about two years and a half ago, when he left her - she then lived at Leeds.


                     ESTHER 
                     BARRETT
                  



               
            . I was servant to Mr. Smith, who is a tea-dealer, and lives in Aldersgate-street. I was married to the prisoner on the 19th of July, 1818, at St. Nicholas Cole Abbey - I had been acquainted with him four months. He represented himself as a batchelor - he lived with me until he was apprehended. He was schoolmaster in Clerkenwell. I have a child by him, which the parish take care of.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
