





912. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barton
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 2s. 6d.; one warrant for the payment of and value 2,500l.; one other warrant for payment of and value 100l.; one other warrant, for payment of and value 20l., and two 1l. bank notes, his property
            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am an officer in the army
. On the 18th of May, about a quarter after two o'clock in the afternoon, I was going along Fleet-street


, and felt a man jostle me on the right side, and at the same time another man came on my left - I put my hand to my pocket, and found my pocket-book gone. The man who quitted my left side crossed the street immediately-he turned back and began running. Suspecting him to be the person, I crossed the street, and pursued some way. He ran up Chancery-lane - I called Stop thief! he turned down Carey-street; he was some distance before me, several people pursued him, and he turned up Star-Yard. A gentleman said, "Let us go through the archway into Lincoln's Inn-he must come out on that side," which I did. Before he could get out of the inn I saw him stopped. He said he had no pocket-book of mine. I heard the mob say my pocket-book was found. I asked him for a letter which I missed, he denied having it. I am sure he (the prisoner) is the man who touched my coat on the left side, and crossed immediately-the other man was not taken.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I was attacked between Chancery-lane and St. Dunstan's Church. I saw the prisoner sufficiently to observe his person. His getting away in a hurry made me suspect him. I lost sight of him when I went up the gateway, and met him as soon as I got into the inn - I am sure he is the man. Hempel gave me my pocket-book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRINDLE
               



            . I am porter to the Society of Lincoln's Inn. I saw the mob running by the side of Star-yard, and heard the cry of Stop thief! by this time the mob had got by the fountain; I pursued-several gentlemen were there. The prisoner was stopped by Mr. Hawkins, at the end of the passage leading to Searle-street - he would let nobody pass. I followed, and laid hold of him; he turned round and said, "What do you want of me?" I told him there was a cry of Stop thief, and I thought proper to stop him. I brought him part of the way back into the inn. Mr. Barton came up and asked for his pocket-book - A man said he had got it. I took the prisoner to Hatton-garden.
Cross-examined. There were more than twenty persons ran from Star-yard - They were above half way across the inn before I knew what was the matter. Nothing was found on the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEMPEL
               



            . I was coming up Star-yard, heard the cry of Stop thief, and ran with the others. In going through the little inn to Lincoln's Inn I saw the pocketbook lying - I passed it, but returned and picked it up, Mr. Barton claimed it. I saw the prisoner being brought back.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the road, and put my hand against the prosecutor. Several persons crossed at the same time. I walked up Chancery-lane; Mr. Barton called out, I ran with the people and was stopped myself. I was running to get home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
