





903. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of August
, a gold ring, value 14 s. a thimble, value 6 d. a gown, value 5 s. three petticoats, value 3 s. six caps, value 3 s. seven children's shirts, value 3 s. 6 d. a frill, 6 d. a silver spoon, value 12 s. and one shilling, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a house keeper; I live at No. 2, New-road, St. George's in the East


. The prisoner was my servant
; I applied at the office for a search-warrant; I searched her box, and in the prisoner's pocket I found a shilling that I had marked in the morning; she had taken it out of my breeches pocket; I also found a gold ring, that was my property; I saw several things taken out of her box that is not in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I searched the prisoner's box; I found this property now produced, and in her pocket the gold ring was, in her pocket-book, in her pocket, one shilling and a silver thimble.
Prosecutor. The ring was my wife's ring, it was missed the day that she died, or the day after; she died on the 10th of July; I found it on the prisoner on the 16th of August.


                  MARTHA 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am the daughter of the prosecutor.
Q. Look at that property, what is it - A. A petticoat, five frocks, seven infant's shirts, a muslin gown, and other things; they were my mother's property.
GUILTY, aged 19,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
