





43. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     FARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22nd of January
, in the 37th year of his Majesty's reign
, at Nicrome, in the county of Cork, in the kingdom of Ireland, was married to 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Featherstone
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, and that he afterwards, during the life of the said Mary, at the parish church of St. Martin's in the fields


, was married to 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Cowell
                        



                     
                  , spinster

.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               



            . I am a protestant.
Q.Had you a sister living in the county of Cork in the year 1797 - A. Yes, her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Featherstone
               



            .
Q. In what parish was she married in - A. Nicrome, in the county of Cork.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner in Ireland - A. I did.
Q. Did ever you accompany them to the house of Mr. Barry, to a priest, a gentleman in the county of Cork, a neighbour of her master's - A. Yes, I did.
Q. What year was that in - A.1797. It was about the middle of January.
Q. What was the priest's name - A. Father O'Keith. I knew him to be a priest by the character of him. I had never seen him before.
Q. For what purpose did you attend them to the priest - A. For the purpose of seeing the prisoner and my sister married. Many respectable persons were there. They were married in my presence and many others. They lived together from the year 1797 to the present year. My sister is now alive; I saw her about six days ago.


                  CHARLES 
                  CALAGHAN
               



            . I am a labourer, a native of Ireland.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Mary 
                  Featherstone
               



             - A. Yes, and I know 
               
                  Michael 
                  Farrell
               



            . I was present at Mr. Barry's house when they were married by father O'Keith, a catholic clergyman, in the year 1797.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COWELL
               



            . Q. Your father was an officer - A. Yes; he is dead, and after his death I lived with my mother.
Q. Did you about three years ago, in the summer, go to Margate - A. Yes; I there met with the prisoner; he said he was a dragoon; I took him for an officer. He visited at our house; my mother sanctioned it. He continued at Margate three months while I and my mother were there. He paid me a great deal of attention.
Q. When did your mother die - A. About a year and a half ago.
Q. In the month of May last, did the prisoner callupon you - A. I think it was in April; I saw him in Margate. I saw him three times before he made a proposal of marriage; he came to my room in the Haymarket; I then lived with my aunt. He then proposed marriage; he knew I was of age, and in possession of my fortune. He said, it was very fortunate that he should come just at the time I was of age; he wished the marriage to take place the next day. I said, I wished to consult my uncle and aunt; he said, what signified my uncle and aunt, if I did not marry him he would put an end to his exestance. I consented to marry him; the marriage took place the next Sunday, at St. Martin's church. On the Sunday proceeding the Saturday we were married, he proposed my going with him to the Bank, and taking out two hundred pounds; I said, I thought an hundred was sufficient. After the marriage we went to Barnet, and from thence to Holy-head, and then to Ireland; he quarrelled, and left me. He came over here; I came to London afterwards. He left me in Ireland without any money.
REV. MR. DEVEREAUX. I am a Catholic Clergyman.
Q. Can you tell me whether it is the custom of Priests in Ireland to marry those of their own persuasion at private houses - A. Clearly so.
Prisoner's Defence. I am ignorant of any marriage but the latter.
Q. to Featherstone. How old do you think the prisoner was when he married your sister - A.Twenty-one; he was as big as he is now.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
