






886 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FISHER
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LEITH
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, a coat, value 5 s. three waistcoat, value 12 s. and a jacket, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am Mr. Clark's niece, he lives in Charles Street, Westminster


, he is a green grocer
, the waistcoats were lost on Tuesday, the 8th of October, between seven and eight in the morning, I saw them safe, I missed them about a quarter before eight, they were kept in the back room on the ground floor, and this room opens into a passage, we go into the passage to go into the shop, I was in the kitchen; I heard a footstep, I saw one only, I could not swear to the man, I saw a person, in consequence of that I came up stairs, a neighbour came in and met me in the passage, he said he saw a young man go out with something in his apron.


                  JOHN 
                  STONALL
               



            . I live at No. 7, Charles Street, I was standing two doors off, I saw the two prisoners coming down the Street, a neighbour told me that they were thieves, I watched them into Mr. Clark's house, I saw Fisher go in with nothing about him, I saw him come out with a large bundle, and part of it was drab coloured clothes, I went into the house and told 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wells
               



             what I had seen. They were taken at the Old Bell, in Pie Street, I went there with the officer to identify them, we found one waistcoat in the crown of Fisher's hat.
Q. Has the other things been found since. - A. No. Fisher went into the house only, Leith stood ten yards below.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a constable. I went in company with Stonall to the Old Bell, in Pie Street; I apprehended both the prisoners and searched them, when I got to the office, I found this waistcoat rolled up in the crown of Fisher's hat.
Q.(to Stonall.) How long was it from the time that you saw Fisher come out of the house that you discovered him in Pie Street. - A. About two hours and a quarter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERRING
               



            . I live at 51, in Charles Street, on the 8th of October, I saw the two prisoners come down the street together, I have seen them several times before, it was a quarter before eight, I saw Fisher go in Clark's house, Leith waited at the corner, No. 1, till Fisher came out, I saw Fisher come out and then Leith followedcorner of Charles Street, on the 8th of October, I saw Leith by the post at the corner of the street.


                  JOHN 
                  CROW
               



            . I am a broker, I live in Dean Street, Westminster.
Q. Did you see the prisoners on this day. - A. Yes, about eight o'clock, I did not see their faces, they had passed me, I saw two answering the description of the prisoners, the lame man had the bundle, Fisher is lame, they went towards Orchard Street.


                  ANN 
                  HABRIS
               



            . I saw both the prisoners pass, I live at 6, Charles street, Westminster, Fisher I am certain of, and I believe Leith, but I am not positive, I saw Fisher go into No. 3, Mr. Stonall said if he staid longer than he could buy any thing he would go in, because Mr. Clark might be at market.
ELIZABETH WELLS. This is the waistcoat that was lost from the back room with the other things, I am quite certain of it, I have washed it several times.
Fisher's Defence. On the morning the robbery was committed Leith was not in my company at all, I only saw him when I came to the public house.
Leith's Defence. I was on my road to Chelsea, I happened to go into the public house in Pie Street, I had not been there three minutes.
FISHER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
LEITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
