





734. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JEFFREYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of July
, fifteen pounds weight of bacon, value 15 s. ten pound weight of cheese, value 10 s. three pounds weight of butter, value 3 s. one quire of paper, value 1 s. and three pounds in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am brother to 
               
                  William 
                  Green
               



            , cheesemonger
, Holborn-hill, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn


. The prisoner was employed of an evening to assist in my brother's shop, and he slept there. He was by business a farrier. He used to go away at six o'clock of a morning. He used always to call me and my brother James. I and James slept in the accompting-house. On the morning of the 9th of July I was disturbed by a noise in the shop about five o'clock. I got out of bed and looked through the window into the shop; I there saw the prisoner behind the shop counter, making a noise among the halfpence. We kept halfpence there, in three tubs. Directly after, I saw him come from behind the counter with two tubs, one in each hand. The tubs are about twice the size of my hat. He was without shoes, his stockings were on; he could walk softly; and finding he was coming towards me with the tubs I stepped forwards and seized him. Upon my seizing him he begged my pardon, and said he hoped Mr. Green would forgive him; it was his first offence. I sent for an officer directly.
Q. What quantity of halfpence did you find in them tubs - A. Ten shillings and upwards in each of the tubs. When the officer came we searched his pockets; we found above thirty shillings.
Q. Now, among those that you found in his pocket were there any five shilling papers - A. Two five shillings that I had left in the tub. Two of the tubs contained ten shillings each, and the third contained thirty shillings, not less, and the tub which contained the thirty shillings was empty except three halfpence.
Q. And you counted above thirty shillings in his pockets - A. I did. Some of the halfpence were good and some bad.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for about half after five; upon coming there I found the prisoner in custody. I searched him, and found to the amount of thirty shillings in copper upon him. He said it was the first offence he ever had committed, he was sorry, and he hoped Mr. Green would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the money for my wages. Some Saturday nights I received five shillings in halfpence, sometimes ten shillings, and sometimes fifteen shillings in halfpence. I took them home, and what I did not lay out I put by. Some I had loose, and some were tied up.
GUILTY, aged 28.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
