





127. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DORAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of December
, eight shirts, value 32 s. two frocks, value 10 s. two pair of trowsers, value 4 s. half a yard of canvas, value 1 s. 6 d. four waistcoats, value 5 s. and a worsted neckcloth, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        M'Carthy
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
GEORGE M'CARTHY. I am a slop-seller
, at the corner of Parson's-street, Wellclose-square


.
Q. Did you miss any articles out of your shop any time - A. Yes, on the morning of the 12th of December, I missed all the things from off the shelf, and from information I went to Aldgate watchhouse, and there 
               
                  John 
                  Forrester
               



             the officer, produced to me part of the property; I knew it to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 11th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and two more loaded with property; they were carrying it across the shoulder just as if taken out of the shop. I saw them come out of Somerset-street, and from there they proceeded into Gulston-street; on the other side of the way I followed them; I had suspicion that the property was stolen. The prisoner dropped some of the property off his shoulder accidentally; one of the other men said, d - n it, do not stop to pick it up; which made my suspicion stronger, I laid hold of him; he told me to let him go; I told him I would not. The property was thrown upon the pavement; he and I had a scuffle together for a long time. I got part of the property picked up, as much as I could. A mob came round, part of the property was gone; I saved as much as I could. I got him and the property to the watchhouse. Mr. M'Carthy applied the next morning, said he had been robbed; he swore to the property before the magistrate.
Q. What became of the other men - A. 
               

            They walked away with their loads; my attention was taken to the prisoner and the property. The prisoner knew me. The property is here, I have had it ever since.
Prosecutor. They are all mine; I lost a great many other things that are not come forward.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Somerset-street between five and six o'clock, I went into aruinous place to do my occasions; I kicked up something, I saw it was a pair of trowsers, I took the property up and put it under my arm, and was going with it to my father's house to know what I should do with it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
