





1081. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PETCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, one coat, value 30s.; one waistcoat, value 5s.; one pair of pantaloons, value 15s.; one purse, value 6d.; one pair of spectacles, value 10s.; three pieces of foreign coin, value 1s., and 7s. in monies numbered, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Turner
                     



                  ; one watch, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Taylor
                        



                     
                  ; one watch, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , and one coat, value 30s., and one shirt, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Cuthbert 
                     Hogg
                  



               
            .
THOMAS WALKER. I am a Thames police-officer. On the 25th of August, about two o'clock in the morning, I was in the police-boat, near Rotherhithe church, and heard a man, between the tiers, who was on a float of timber, call sculler. We pulled towards the boat, and found the prisoner in a boat at the Middlesex side of the river, near Wapping-he was brought into my boat; I found a white shirt in his bosom, between his own shirt and waistcoat. I hand cuffed him. He was feeling about his pocket, and made resistance; I heard something drop from him in the boat, I found it was a comb. I took him to the office, when I found he had three coats, two waistcoats, and two pair of pantaloons on; he had a watch in his left-hand fob, and another down his thigh. I found a purse in his waistcoat-pocket, with six shillings, two sixpences, three pieces of foreign silver coin, a took pick, and a purse, in it; in his coat-pocket I found a pair of spectacles and case-the prosecutors claimed them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am mate of the ship James, which was in the tier, next to the Ann, at Rotherlithe; I lost my silver watch, which hung up in the cabin at nine o'clock-it was taken while I was asleep; I missed it about seven o'clock next morning, and found it at the office. The prisoner had no business on board our vessel.
JOHN TURNER. I am mate of the Ann. About half-past six o'clock in the morning. I missed a coat, waistcoat, a pair of pantaloons, a pair of spectacles and case, a comb, and a purse, with seven shillings, and three foreign silver coins, in it.
ROBERT WATSON. I am mate of the Brittania, which laid in the same tier; a person could step off one vessel on to the other. I lost a silver watch from my bed-room, which I put away at nine o'clock at night.


                  CUTHBERT 
                  HOGO
               



            . I am master of the James. I lost a coat and shirt that night. I found them at the office.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I got drunk at the fair, went into a man's boat, and went to sleep in his ship; about two o'clock he brought the things down, and told me to take them into the boat - I was to meet him next morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
