





863. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of August
, thirty-five pound weight of soap, value 1 l. 10 s. 5 1/2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hall
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hall
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HALL
               



            . I am brother to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall
               



            , we are tallow chandler

s in Goswell-street


; the prisoner was our servant
.

Q. You had a customer of the name of Roberts - A. Yes. He took the soap out of our shop in the name of Roberts, and after he quitted our service on sending to Mrs. Roberts I found she never received it; he took it from our shop, I saw him take it, a quarter of a hundred of mottled soap, and seven pound of yellow; a few days after he was gone I made out the bill; then we discovered it. He left our service on the 9th of August. At the magistrates he acknowledged that he appropriated it to his own use, and he intended to m for it in her name.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of the soap - A. One pound seventeen shillings. I saw him take the some out of the shop.
MRS. ROBERTS. I am a customer of Mrs. Hall. On the 9th of August I never received any soap of the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; the prisoner said he was willing to make the matter up; I understood from him that he would settle, and that they owed him money for wages.
Prisoner's Defence. I believe this prosecution is the effect of malice, rather than to promote justice. I leave the case to the justice and mercy of the court.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
