





162. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CADWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, five pieces of timber, value 4 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Bailey
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Brookes
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  CUTTS
               



            . Q. Are you constable employed at these works at the Strand bridge


 - A. Yes.
Q. In these works are any pieces of timber used in that work called wayling timber - A. Yes.
Q. Messrs. Bailey and Brooks are the contractor

s of the Strand bridge - A. Yes.
Q. Had these gentlemen lost any of these wayling pieces - A. Yes. The wayling pieces of timber are tied together with ropes. We missed several of them. I went to Shears's. At Shears's I found three pieces of wayling, one piling, and one pile-head. Shears's premises, where I found these things, is No. 9, Shire-lane.
Q. In consequence of anything Shears said to you did you go to a man of the name of Denny - A. Yes; and in consequence of what Denny said, I went to the prisoner. The prisoner said, they were small pieces floating on the river, and he thought them not of much consequence.
- DENNY. Q. Did you sell any pieces of timber to Shears - A. I did; the pieces of timber that were produced at Bow street. I bought them of the prisoner about a week, or better, before they were in possession of Shears. I live in Shire-lane, Temple-bar. In the morning, a little after eight, this timber was put up against my place. The prisoner was with them. He asked me, whether I would buy them. I asked him, whether they were his property. He told me, that he took them up in the river, and that they were his privilege. I gave him two pounds sixteen shillings for the five pieces. There were two more pieces. I gave three pounds five shillings and six pence for the whole.
Q. to Shears. There were five pieces of timber found at your house - A. Yes. I bought them of the last witness, Denny. I am quite sure of that.
- EDWARDS. I am a Bow-street office patrol. I apprehended the prisoner on last Sunday, about three o'clock. I told him, I apprehended him for selling some timber to Mr. Denny. He said, he picked it up somewhere about Blackfriars-bridge.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in the employ of these gentlemen who are making the Strand-bridge. Their names are 
               
                  William 
                  John Bailey
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Brookes
               



            . They are the proprietors of this work. I am one of the agents who superintend the works.

Q. What is the value of this timber - A. From four to five pounds. These were rafts of timber. We find them out, and they float off. Sometimes it may happen in a high wind they will float off without being out.
Prisoner's Defence. The piece of timber that I owned to were muddy, and a fisherman washed it for me.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
