






677. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  , alias 
                     
JEREMIAH HEALLY





            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, two three-shilling bank-tokens, two shillings, and a farthing, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gavis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAVIS
               



            . On the 17th of May I was at Sadlers Wells


 door; the door had just opened as I missed my money. I was there about a minute before the doors were opened. I had eight shillings in my pocket; two three-shilling pieces, and two shillings. It was all safe when I came to the play-house door. I was going into the gallery.
Q. Before you went in did you observe whether the prisoners were there - A. Yes. I saw them there just before the doors were opened.
Q. Did you perceive the money go from you - A. No, I did not. As soon as I got upon the step I missed the money; it was in my breeches pocket; I found my pocket had been turned out. When the officer took the prisoners there were only seven shillings found. Both of the prisoners were near me. Heally was the nearest to me; Oliver was of his side. When I missed my money I laid hold of Heally; I said, you have robbed me. I saw nothing in his hand. I then laid hold of Oliver; I said, you have got my money. At the time I seized him he was not near enough to take my money without the other had handed it him. Oliver had seven shillings in his hand. When he was taken he said he had it of his master in the morning.
Q. What day of the week was it - A. Monday the 17th. I believe it was last Monday three weeks.
JURY. Did you lose a farthing likewise - A. That I cannot recollect.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a weaver. I went in company with the prosecutor to Sadlers Wells; I saw Gavis collar the two young fellows, and I collared Oliver. Gavis had hold of both. I found some money in Oliver's hands two three-shilling tokens and a shilling. When the officer opened his hand there were seven shillings in it. He said he had the money of his master in the morning.



                  JOHN 
                  FARREN
               



            . I am an officer at Sadlers Wells. When I was called Brown and Gavis had got hold of the two prisoners; Oliver had got some money in his hand; I saw it shine through his fingers; I told him to open his hand; he opened his hand; it turned out to be two three-shilling bank-tokens, a shilling, and a farthing. Garvis observed if it was his money there was orange-peel with it; he had some orange-peel in his pocket. On examining the hand there was orange-peel with the money. I looked at Oliver's hand and saw orange-peel. I then told the two prisoners they must go with me to Hatton Garden office. We searched them after they got to the office; Heally had two shillings about him and some halfpence. Oliver had nothing but halfpence in one of his pockets. Heally gave in his name as Brown, at the office.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. When the two prisoners were brought to the office I searched them myself; what money I found upon Heally I delivered to him; one of the shillings the prosecutor said he believed it was his, but he could not positively swear it. One of the shillings the constable had first he positively swore to.
Farron. This is the money I found in Oliver's hand.
Prosecutor. I cannot positively swear to the shilling.
Heally's Defence. I was going into the theatre; as soon as the door opened that gentleman collared me; I told him I had none of his money, and he let me go. I stood by him; I never offered to run away; and as they took me to Hatton Garden I said, do not collar me; I will go quietly.
Oliver's Defence. This money I took of my master on Monday morning. I had it in my hand for safety.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
OLIVER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
