





795. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  LUCKIMORE, alias 
LATTIMORE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of August
, eight clothes lines, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               Edward Buckingham

             and 
               Francis Buckingham

            .
EDWARD BUCKINGHAM. My partner's name is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Buckingham
               



            , we are flax-dressers and rope makers

 at Pancras


.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a constable of St Pancras parish. On Wednesday the 28th of August, between four and five in the morning, I saw the prisoner, he was in the fields in the path leading from Mr. Buckingham's premises; I left him at that time, and went after some other person that I was in pursuit of. I saw him again in the New-road, he came out of a field, he was tyeing the line up. I went up to him, I told him he was my prisoner; he said he was going to take it to his master in the Borough I took him to the watchhouse and searched him, I found this piece of line in his waistcoat pocket. The servant of Mr. Buckingham came and owned the line. I knew the person of the prisoner before.


                  WALTER 
                  WILSTOW
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Buckingham I manufactured these eight clothes lines, I left them to dry; when I came on the Tuesday morning I missed them. They are worth twenty shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of going out soon in the morning to work, I met a man, he asked me if I wanted a job; I said, yes; he said he would give me half a crown to carry them lines to the Green Man, Tooley-street, and to call for half a pint of beer, and to wait till he came.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
