





1559. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, one chest, value 1s; and 88lbs. of tea, value 25l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nash
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NASH
               



            . On the 12th of July, I sent my porter to clear a chest of tea, which I had bought at the East India Company's sale, in Haydon-square.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . I am yard-keeper to the East India Company. On the 12th of July, the prisoner came to me for a chest of tea, in the name of Mr. Nash; he produced a permit, which had the number of the chest which Mr. Nash had bought. I entered it in our book - He said his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Price
               



            ; he took the chest of tea. I am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The permit had the name of Nash on it; he first brought a permit in the name of Price; I told him that would not do - He then brought one in the name of Nash. Mr. Price's man was present, I told him of it - He said he must have got a wrong permit.


                  RICHARD 
                  WASTNESS
               



            . I keep the yard in Haydon-square. The prisoner came for the chest; I asked him for the permit - He went down Somerset-street. Mr. Nash's man came immediately after, and the chest was gone.
HENRY TURNPENNY. I apprehended the prisoner on the 16th of October - I could not find him before.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
