





347. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HALEY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 26s., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Evans
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a painter
, and live in Collingwood-street. I met the prisoner in Whitechapel-road, with five more women, they asked me for some drink; I took them into the Yorkshire Gray, in Whitechapel, I left them there and went on towards home, when I got a little way the prisoner overtook me, and asked me if I was going home, and where I lived? I told her; she said she lived in Collingwood-street, and kept a school opposite my house. When I came to the corner of Collingwood-street


, she called me on one side, and told me not to tell the neighbours that she was out so late, as she was not going home then. It was twelve o'clock. While she was talking to me I felt something go out of my pocket, and missed my money; I laid hold of her hand, and took my money out of it, and she cried out watch! the watchman came up, and she said she would give me in charge, as I was going to rob her of her ring. I told the watchman she had robbed me of my money. Being close to my house my wife heard the noise, and came out. We went to the watch-house together; when we got there, she said she had only got 17s. in her pocket, which, she said, was her own, and she had no more about her. I said I had lost more; the constable told my wife to search her, which she did, and found 8s. 6d. and a duplicate on her; the duplicate was taken out of my pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I did not know that the prisoner lived opposite me, I afterwards found she did not. I never saw her before. I knew what I was about, but I was not sober. I did not give her the money.


                  SARAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I heard my husband call watch, as I was in my room. I went out to him, he said the prisoner had robbed him. I asked her to give me his money if she had got it; she said she had got none belonging to him. When the watchman came up, she charged him with attempting to rob her of her ring; we went to the watch-house; I went into a room and searched her - She undressed herself, I found 8s. 6d. and a duplicate of a shirt, between her stays, and a piece of money which my husband had taken for a shilling, which I had for sometime. When I found them she said if I would give her 3s. she would give me the money back again; I told her I would not. I did not know her, I never saw her before.
Cross-examined. I said nothing about Parker. My husband was in liquor, but he was sensible.


                  MARTIN 
                  REMMINGTON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 19th of December, about twelve o'clock, I was called by the prisoner and prosecutor, the prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge for taking his money out of his pocket; She said that the prosecutor wanted to take her ring off. She did not give charge of him; she had a ring on. I left them at the watch-house.
Cross-examined. The man's wife went with us. I did not hear her say any thing about a Mr. Parker.
MARTIN FRAMINGHAM. I am the watch-house-keeper; the prosecutor came to the watch-house on the 19th of December, about twelve o'clock at night, and charged the prisoner with picking his pocket of 20s.; she pulled 17s. out of her pocket, which she said was her own, and that she had taken it where she worked. I asked her if she had any more, she said, no. She said she was willing to be searched. The prosecutor's wife searched her, and found 8s. 6d. upon her, and a bad shilling among it; I did not see the duplicate till the next morning, when Mrs. Evans gave it to me. The prisoner said, if I would give her some of the money, and let her go, she would. She did not make any charge against the man, either at the watch-house, or before the magistrate. She said, the 8s. 6d. was her own, and the rest was the prosecutor's,and that he had given it to her; before that, she claimed the whole. Evans had been drinking, but knew what he was about (I produce the duplicate and money).
EVANS. I bought the duplicate of a man, and the bad shilling is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me all the money he had; he pulled me about, and I called watch, he then gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
