





583. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a set of harness, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Duke
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Briant
                  



               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  BRIANT
               



            . I am a stable-keeper
. I keep one stable in the Hay-market, and another in Swallow-street.
Q. When did you lose your harness - A. In June.


                  STEPHEN 
                  HOLLY
               



            . I am the hostler of the yard in Swallow-street


. I lost the harness on Saturday night, the 6th of June. It was locked up safe on the Saturday night. It was missed on the Sunday morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am a constable. The harness is in my possession. On Sunday morning, the 7th of June, about five o'clock, I observed the prisoner coming down the London-road. It leads towards the Kent-road, from St. George's Fields. I went over and stopped him, and asked him what harness he had. He had the whole set of a chaise-harness, tied up with the halter. He said, it was a chariot-harness. He was going to take it to the Green Man, upon Blackheath. I asked him, who had sent him with the harness. He said, Mr. Hardy's coachman, a person of the name of Thomas, in Sackville-street. He had it out of Briant's yard. He said, he was a strapper in Briant's yard, and had worked for him some months. He said, Mr. Hardy had drove four horses. The fore horse had broken the harness, and he had borrowed that harness of the Green Man. I asked him if he had any note to receive the broken harness, or any note to deliver with this. He said, no. I told him, I could not believe him. This is the very harness I took from the prisoner, and two keys I found on his person. I went to Mr. Briant's stables, and there I found they had broken the bolt of the lock.
Holly. This harness was in my master's custody. It is Mr. Duke's harness.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
