





1326. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, two seals, value 2 l.; one key, value 6 d., and one ribbon, value 1 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sidney 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SIDNEY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Arundel-street, Strand. On the 2d of September, about two o'clock, I was at the meeting in Palace-yard


, my watch was in my fob. A man, who was behind me, touched me on the shoulder two or three times, I turned round - he said,
"Look to your seals." I then saw the prisoner's hand drawing from my flap - I had tucked my seals under my flap; I found my seals were cut off my ribbon - I seized him immediately, and took him out of the crowd. About twenty people attempted to rescue him in Parliament-street, before I had searched him - I received a blow from some of them, and conveyed him to Bow-street. I did not find my seals.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. The prisoner denied it - A. Yes. The man pointed him out to me - he left us when the mob attacked us.


                  THOMAS 
                  DIXON BRAND
               



            . I was with Smith. The man said,
"Look to your watch!" I asked him who the person was? he pointed to the prisoner - I seized him, made him hold his hands up, and brought him out from the mob. The gang attacked us, and struck us several times.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a coal-heaver. I was in Palace-yard, and saw the two witnesses there. I saw the prisoner with a pair of scissars, cutting the gentleman's ribbon, and give the seals and scissars to another man. I informed the prosecutor.
JURY. Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. I am.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
