





80. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one bank note, value 25l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Leighton
                  




               
            .
THOMAS LEIGHTON. I live with my father, at Feltham


; the prisoner was in our service. I had a 25l. note in my jacket-pocket, which hung up in the stable; I received the note on the 8th, and missed it on the 21st. Suspicion fell upon the prisoner, and he was taken into custody. I was with the officer when he was taken. I never desired him to change the note for me; he was searched, and 21s. 6d., in silver, was found on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am a baker, residing at Feltham; the prisoner brought a 25l. note to me to change on the 20th, about six o'clock in the evening. He asked me to change the note for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Leighton
               



            . I don't think that he knew the value of it. My wife changed it for him. She gave him 2l. in silver, and 23l. in notes; they were mostly one pound notes, consisting of Country and Bank of England notes. My wife paid the note away. I live about fifty yards from Mr. Leighton.
WILLIAM BETTS. I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 21st of November, in the evening, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Leighton
               



             was with me. He did not say any thing about the note. We took him before the magistrate; he said something before the magistrate, which was taken down in writing. In consequence of what he said, we went with him to his lodgings. He put his hands into his bed and pulled out these eighteen one pound notes.(Producing them) He did not say any thing about them. They are Country and Bank of England notes. I asked him what became of the other money; he said he had lost them.


                  PETER 
                  HENDERSON
               



            , Esq. I am a magistrate of Middlesex. The prisoner was brought before me on the 21st of November, charged with stealing a 25l. note, the property of Leighton. I took down the evidence of the witnesses. I called upon him for his defence. What he said was taken down in writing (I produce it). They brought these eighteen 1l. notes to me when they took him into custody.
WILLIAM BETTS re-examined. When did the prisoner tell you where the notes were - A. When we were at the magistrate's; they were produced at his second examination. He voluntarily told me that he would go and look for the notes. He took me to his bed, and produced them.
PETER HENDERSON, Esq. re-examined. I asked the prisoner for his defence. He said that he had taken the note from his master, and changed it.
WILLIAM BETTS re-examined. While I was taking the prisoner to Newgate, he said he could find a little more. He gave me 50s. He said he would give it to me, and take the other to make him comfortable in prison.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
