






705 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TATTLEBY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hamblin
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve on the night of the 21st of July
, and stealing therein a coat, value 10 s. a gown, value 10 s. two frocks, value 4 s. and a waistcoat, value 3 s. his property
            .
ROBERT HAMBLIN. I am a house keeper
, I live in the parish of St. Dunstan's, Stepney


.
Q. Was your house broken open in July last. - A. Yes, I lived in another house, and my property was locked up in that house, I had lived in it a twelvemonth, and meant to return there again. I lost a coat, gown, children's frocks, and a waistcoat piece.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITT
               



            . I found these things at Mrs. Billing's, she keeps a clothes shop at Limehouse.


                  SARAH 
                  BILLING
               



            . Q. Where did you get that property that Hewitt took from you. - A. I bought it of the prisoners, they both came together as man and wife, I asked them if it was their own, they said yes. Bowler had the property, I paid him for the goods, the woman said she wanted a shirt for her husband.
Q. Did she say the other prisoner was her husband. - A. Yes, she bought a shirt for him, both talked about the bargain, they had a shirt, waistcoat, petticoat, and stockings, in exchange.
Q. They sold you these things. - A. Yes, and both joined in the sale.
Bowler's Defence. I am perfectly innocent.
Tattleby's Defence. I got up between four and five o'clock to go work, I saw the things by the side of the mill. On the Saturday morning I sold them to this woman, the man knew nothing of them until I shewed him them when he came home.
Tattleby called five witnesses, who gave her a good character.
BOWLER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
TATTLEBY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
