





137. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, one carpet, value 15 s., and seven yards of oil-cloth, value 5 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Bell
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  JANE 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Bell
               



            , who is a widow, and lived at No. 4, Wellington-place, Commercial-road


. About three weeks ago the carpet and oilcloth were stolen from the house. Mrs. Bell had left them in the house, to be taken as fixtures. Two chimney-classes, the carpets of three rooms, and the copper were also stolen. I was passing a broker's shop and saw the carpet of one of the rooms and the oil-cloth, which I knew.


                  ANN 
                  WOOD
               



            . On Monday, the 15th of November, I was in Mrs. Bell's house, and saw all the property safe; next day I missed them. On the Friday following the copper was stolen.


                  JOSIAH 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Gloucester-street, Commercial-road. On the 16th of November, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner brought the floor-cloth - a woman came with him, who brought the carpet. The woman asked me to buy them - she wanted 2 l. for them; I offered her 28 s. for them both. They consulted together, and said I should have them. The prisoner said he was hired as a porter to bring them.


                  ELIZA 
                  SWEETSTONE
               



            . I was present when the man and woman brought the things to my master's. The woman wanted 2 l. for them. They went outside the door. She asked the prisoner if he was agreeable to take it? He said, No. They came in again, and she asked if he would take 28 s.? He said Yes, he was agreeable. They went out. On the Thursday following the prisoner came and asked my master to buy a stove, and he detained him. I am certain the woman consulted him about taking the money. I was in the shop at the time, and my master was in the back room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I knew the woman three years ago. I was out of employ; she said she would employ me to carry loads, as her husband bought things at sales. I took several things to this man's shop before for her. I was not consulted about the price - it was her husband. They have absconded.


                  ELIZA 
                  SWEETSTONE
               



             re-examined. Nobody was present but the prisoner and the woman. She consulted him. He had been before with the same woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
