





1042. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     ROLLINGBROKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, two pounds twelve ounces weight of currants, value 2 s. one pounds weight of ginger, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Severn
                  




               
            , and others.
EBENEZER DALTON. On the 13th of October, I was employed to watch at the door of the prosecutors,on account of a suspicion which was entertained against the prisoner; he came out of the shop at about ten minutes past seven; he went into the Sugar Loaf public house; I went in after him; he remained there ten minutes; he never was out of my sight. When he came out, I stopped him at the end of White Lyon street, I told him we suspected he had something about him what he ought not to have; we then took him into a public house, and in his coat pocket we found about a pound of ginger, loose, and about two pounds three quarters of currants in one breeches pocket, and the other was clammy and sticky, as in something of the same kind had been in that. He described his house as No. 8, Crabtree row, Bethnal Green; we went there, and found a quantity of candles, twine, sugar, a great quantity of sacking, and a sack, marked 4788; the twine and sugar were up stairs; the candles were part hanging up, and part concealed.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I was also stationed with the last witness to watch the prisoner when he came off the prosecutor's premises. I was with the last witness, saw the prisoner searched, and the things found upon him; and at his house we found part of the sugar under the bed.
Property produced, and sworn to.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
