





900. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     CORDEROY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing; on the 5th of August
, one hundred and thirty-two pounds weight of candles, value 6 l. and two boxes, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a wholesale tallow-chandler
, at Ratcliffe


. The prisoner was my servant
. I have for a considerable time missed fat and candles; on the 5th of August, I called Corderoy to me; I told him I had strong suspicion that he robbed me; he denied it. I told him I should search his house; he went with me to his house at Stepney-causeway; in a closet in his cellar I found tallow, fat, and four dozen pounds of candles in a box, and several papers of candles containing two pounds each; he at first said he bought them in Holborn, at last he said he took them from my house; they were my candles; some of the candles were short size candles that we make particularly for sail-makers. I told him I knew they were my property.
MR. BECKHAM. After the candles were found the prosecutor said to the prisoner what have you to say; these candles are mine; the prisoner said, yes, sir, they are.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am an officer. After Mr. Brooks had searched I went and made a further search; I found this box in the cellar, concealed under a parcel of rubbish; it contains seventy pounds of candles.
Prosecutor. I have no doubt they are my property.
GUILTY, aged 40.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
