






64. 
               
                  
                     JOEL FARR 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, at St. Mary-le-bone


, two shillings and ten-pence, in monies numbered
            , the property of John 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bryant
                  




               
            .

THOMAS BRYANT. I live at No. 24, Barnard-street, Edgware-road


. On the 18th of November I left my till with 2s. 6d. in silver, and 4d. in copper, in it. I was alarmed by my apprentice. I found the money gone. I pursued the two prisoners with him, and overtook them in South Molton-street. They were walking. They were searched in my presence. Two shillings and sixpence in silver, and two pence in copper was found on Saunders, but no money was found on Williams.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I am the apprentice. I was coming into the shop about nine o'clock; I saw Saunders in the shop, standing by the door. I asked him what he wanted. He asked me if I knew of a situation. I told him no. He went out and shut the door. I pursued him with my master. I did not see Williams when I saw Saunders.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into the shop on the 8th of November, about nine o'clock in the morning. I saw Saunders go in; Williams stood outside. I saw Saunders leaning over the counter. I stepped over the way, and saw the till half open. I went into the shop, and as I came in Saunders shut the till. I asked him what he wanted; he said he was waiting for somebody. I told him it did not look well his having the till open; he said he had not got it open; he was leaning over the counter, and walked out. 
               
                  John 
                  Whitehead
               



             came up, and I told him, and they were pursued.
Saunders Defence. I went into the house to ask for a situation; the last witness came in and said, I had got the till open. He told me to go about my business, and I went out.
Williams Defence. I was walking along Oxford-road, and the other prisoner asked me what was o'clock, and the gentleman took me.
SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
