





1402. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, two coats, value 4 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am sixteen years old, and live at a livery-stables at Pimlico - 
               
                  Robert 
                  Evans
               



             lives in Charles-street, Covent-garden


, and keeps his chaise at Smith and King's livery-stables. On the 14th of October, about a quarter after seven o'clock, I took his chaise to him, and his two coats, which hung over the gig. I was placing the coats right when Mr. Evans came in - I observed the prisoner at the door of a public-house, two doors from Mr. Evans's, smoking his pipe. I got out of the chaise, and went to the horse's head, I then had my back to the great-coats; the horse's head was towards the public-house. The prisoner passed me, and in a moment after I turned my head, and saw the coats were gone. I rang the bell; Mr. Evans scolded me, gave me 6 d., and drove off. I then went round to York-street, which is only two doors from Mr. Evans's. As soon as I got into York-street, I saw the prisoner standing against the News-office, in Brydges-street. While he stood there, a man in a long coat, apparently a coachman, went up to him, and they talked together. At last Brown saw me, and they both went down Brydges-street together. I followed them down into the Strand, through several courts, towards Temple-bar - they came to a court, then the prisoner set off running - I ran after him, and said,
"You have stolen two of my master's coats." He immediately collared me, and said,
"D - n your eyes, what are you following me for?" and knocked me down in the middle of the road - he struck me on the ear. He set off running as hard as he could; I got up and ran after him, calling Stop thief! he ran down Swan-yard, and went into a house there. I lost him, came back, and a gentleman said he was in the house. I stationed a man at the door, while Racket went with me to Bow-street for an officer, and I gave him the 6 d. which Mr. Evans gave me. I got Holyland, who searched the house, but could not find him. I went for Mr. Corderoy, who went into the house, got a light, and went into the cellar. I saw one of the coats on the floor, at the bottom of the stairs. I went a little farther, found a little door in the cellar, opened it, and found the prisoner there, sitting on the privy, as if he was fast asleep - I found nothing more. As we went out of the house we were surrounded by about twenty girls, who endeavoured to rescue the prisoner from the constable. The prisoner hit the constable with all his force on the nose, and made it bleed. He did not get away.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live in Charles-street. The boy brought me the chaise; I was out, returned about seven o'clock, and found him at the door with the gig and two great-coats. About three minutes after I got in, he knocked at the door, and said the coats were missed. I was obliged to go into the country, and sent him to look for the thief.


                  THOMAS 
                  RACKET
               



            . I am in the Coldstream Guards, and live in Swan-yard. I saw the prisoner come into the yard about half-past seven o'clock, with a drab coat hanging over his arm. He knocked at the door, a young woman on the outside had a key and let him in; the door was shut immediately. In about a minute after, I saw White run past the house - I did not speak him to then. He returned, was crying, and said a young man had stolen his master's great-coats. I told him he was gone into that house. I accompanied him to Bow-street, and got a constable. I stood at the door, while they went to search the house. Nobody came in or went out until the prisoner was taken.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HOLYLAND
               



            . I am a patrol. I went to the house in Swan-yard, searched it, and found nothing up stairs. I got a light, went into the cellar, found the coat at the bottom of the stairs in the cellar, and the prisoner in the privy there, sitting as if he was asleep. The moment the boy opened the door he said he was the man. I secured him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The boy's word is not to be taken. A young man came to see me in Tothil-fields prison, andthe boy said he was the man who stole the coats - he was taken into custody, but proved where he was, and was discharged.
EDWARD WHITE re-examined. I never charged any other man with it. I said the other person was the man who was in conversation with him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HOLYLAND
               



             re-examined. I was present at Tothil-fields. The boy described another man, who attempted to stop him in the street - he always said the prisoner was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
