





542. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OSBAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 29th of January
, three pieces of Irish linen, value 5 l. 18 s,; ten yards of bombazeen, value 1 l.; one shawl, value 15 s.; five yards of black sarsnet, value 24 s.; seven yards of silk plaid gingham, value 15 s.; four pieces of muslin, value 17 l. 8 s.; one handkerchief, value 4 s. 6 d.; three pieces of cambric, value 21 s.; one shawl, value 15 s.; half a yard of kerseymere, value 4 s.; two bottles, value 6 d., and three pints of wine, value 9 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen Eaton 
                           Eland
                        




                     
                  , of which 
                     
                        James 
                        Ellliott
                     



                   was at the Session holden in February last, convicted of stealing, he well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .
(The record of the conviction of 
               
                  James 
                  Elliott
               



             was put in and read.)
STEPHEN EATON ELAND. I prosecuted 
               
                  James 
                  Elliott
               



             here in February Session - he was convicted. On the 30th of January I missed these goods, and went with an officer to a person's house of the name of Macintosh, where I found the prisoner at work; I asked him if he had received any goods from Elliott, my servant? he denied it for sometime, but on pressing him further, he said he had received them. I gave him in charge. He said they were at his lodgings, which were a few doors off. We went with him, and found the articles stated in the indictment in his box.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. He said if he had known that Elliott had stolen them, he would not have taken them in.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            , JUN. I am an officer. On the 30th of January I apprehended Elliott, and went with Mr. Eland to Macintosh's, where we found the prisoner at work, as a tailor. Mr. Eland gave him in charge, and accused him of receiving the things from Elliott; he denied it for sometime, and seemed much alarmed. Macintosh said,
"if you have any thing belonging to Mr. Eland, you had better show them where it is." We went to his lodgings, which were about two doors from Macintosh's, went up to the room where he lodged, and he unlocked his box - he took the key out of his pocket, and in the box I found the articles stated in the indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. ELAND re-examined. I live at the corner of Sun-court; my back window looks into the court, where the prisoner lodged.
Prisoner's Defence. Elliott brought them to me to take care of. I thought they were his own.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
