





302. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, a wrapper, value 1 s. five pieces of callico, value 5 l. five pieces of muslin, value 3 l. two pieces of cambric, value 2 l. five shawls, value 2 l. a pair of boots, value 10 s. a brush, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Read
                  




               
             and others.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a wharfinger
 at Downes wharf.
Q. What is your partners names - 
               A. Charles Read
            , 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Gillam
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Atkins
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Bell
               



            , those are all my partners; the parcel belonging to us was stolen out of the waggon.


                  EDWARD 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am a carman. On the 13th of this month I was unloading my waggon in Pancras-lane


 about half past nine in the morning; I observed the prisoner pass the waggon with the truss upon his back, and I observed the truss was marked O K; I recollected as I stood by the side of my fellow servant's waggon at the time he was loading the waggon, he had a truss with the same mark on; I jumped out of the waggon and followed him in Queen-street, Cheapside, a little way; upon my stopping him with it he tried to throw it upon me. He ran down Queen-street a little way, and he was stopped; I went and collared him, and took him back to my fellow-servant's waggon; I was never above ten or fifteenyards from him before he was taken.


                  ISAAC 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I drive a cart, my cart on that day was in Budge-row.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner - A. I never saw him till I saw my fellow-servant bring him back, and this package.
Prisoner's Defence. The package was not stolen out of a cart, a person employed me to carry it.
Q. Is that person here - A. No, he went away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
