





791. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of July
, a straw bonnet, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Day
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               



            . I live at 42, Whitechapel-road


, I keep a straw bonnet shop
. On the 12th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was informed that my child was taken away by a woman; my child had been playing about the door, she was missing an hour and a half.
Q. What is the age of your child - A. About six years of age, my child had a straw bonnet on; I ran in the direction of the person that had described the circumstance; I came up to the prisoner about two hundred yards in Greenfield-street, I then perceived the prisoner in the custody of 
               
                  William 
                  Johnson
               



            . The child was brought home before.
Q. What was the worth of the bonnets - A. Five shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On the 12th of July between two and three o'clock, I heard this child cry in Cannon-street-road, she said the woman had taken her bonnet; she pointed to the prisoner, the prisoner then began to run; the child was without a bonnet at the time; I left the child in care of a neighbour, and ran after the woman; I never lost sight of her, only just as she turned the corner; she ran half a mile as fast as she could before I catched her. When I came up to her I said, you strumpet how dare you to strip a child in the road. I took the bonnet immediately out of her hand. The prisoner said nothing but came back along with me. I delivered up the woman and the bonnet to the father of the child in Greenfield-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  NEWBOLD
               



            . This bonnet was delivered to me by Mr. Day, about three o'clock on the 12th of June, I took charge of the prisoner; he charged the prisoner with stealing this bonnet, in the hearing of the child, and enticing her away by her offering her cherries, and then taking away her bonnet; I took the prisoner in custody, and took her before the magistrate. I have kept the bonnet in my possession ever since.
Prosecutor. That is the bonnet my child was dressed in on that day.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
