






646. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TACHERY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of May
, a handkerchief, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Munroe
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MUNROE
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Allen, a cabinet-maker
. On the 2nd of May, I went to Harlow Green Fair


, I went there between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I had a handkerchiefwhen I went into the fair, in my pocket; I did not see my handkerchief go from me. The officer informed me that I had lost my handkerchief; I had used the handkerchief about ten minutes before I lost it. I did not see who took it. I am quite sure the handkerchief I saw in the officer's hands, was mine, my name is on it. The officer has kept it ever since.
WILLIAM BARRETT. On the 2nd of May, I went down to Harlow Green Fair. I saw the prisoners at the bar, in company with two others, and watched them afterwards; the other two that escaped, stopped before Munroe, and the two prisoners went behind Munroe; Tachary put his hand into Munroe's pocket; the other covered him at the same time; he hid him as much as he could from me. Tachary unbuttoned his trowsers, and put the handkerchief inside his trowsers. I told Munroe he had had his pocket picked; I was alone by myself; I caught the two prisoners. On searching Walker, I found this handkerchief on Walker; I found the prosecutor's handkerchief on Tachary, and two others. Walker said, Tachary picked pockets, and gave him the things.
TACHARY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.




               Transported for Life
            .
WALKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.






               Judgement respited
            
           .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
