






39. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     CURRAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the 25th of November
, in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Herler
                        




                     
                  , putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, a pocket-book, value 2 s.
             his property.


                  RICHARD 
                  HERLER
               



            . I live at North Fleet, in Kent; I am a lighterman and waterman
.
Q. Do you remember being at a public-house below east Smithfield


 on Friday night the 25th of November - A. Yes, I was by myself, no person was in company with me, there was one companion when I first called in a captain of another vessel, his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Nowland
               



            .
Q. How long did he stay - A. About a quarter of an hour, then he left me. I took no notice of any one in the public-house.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoners before - A. Yes, I know them both. They followed me about ten yards from the public-house, I did not notice them in the public-house; I did not see them sitting in the tap-room. They followed me about ten yards from the public-house; they came and hustled up against me.
Q. Had you missed any thing - A. No, not at that present time.
Q. When was it you first missed your pocket-book - A. After they passed me a minute had elapsed when I missed my pocket-book; I had felt my pocket-book after I got out of the public-house, before these men came up to me.
Q. Had the men entered into conversation with you - A. No.
Q. You gave a very extraordinary account upon a former occasion? You talked upon a former occasion that you entered into conversation with them for several minutes? Were you tipsy - A. No.
Q. They followed you out of the public-house - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see them come out of the public-house - A. I did, they came out of the public-house.
Q. I believe you stated before, you observed them sitting in the tap-room, when you went out they followed you? You give a very different account now to what you did before? Did you observe them in the tap-room - A. I cannot say; I saw them come out of the public-house.
Q. Did they enter into conversation with you upon different subjects - A. They did.
Q. You never said a word about their husting you in the deposition to the magistrate, you observed you missed your pocket-book after they jostled against you - A. Yes.
Q. Then they had been in conversation with you had they - A. Yes.
Q. And then they jostled by you - A. They did.
Q. That is all you observed - A. Yes.
Q. And then you missed the pocket-book; and after you missed the pocket-book what then - A I followed them to Virginia-street, it is about twenty yards from the house; when they got to Virginia-street, I challenged them with having my pocketbook; they denied it with abuse, and one of the two prisoners knocked me down.
Q. Which of them was it - A. I believe it was the prisoner Curran, and then they ran away. I came up to them again at the lower part of Virginia-street, one of the two prisoners cried out give it him twice; they turned round, and knocked me down again the second time.
Q. Were they acting together - A. They were both concerned together.
Q. Do you know who struck you this second time - A. I believe it was the prisoner Curran.
Q. Then it was Smith that said give it him - A. I believe it was.
Q. You found Smith afterwards in the watchman's custody - A. Yes, after I got up the second time; I called out watch I found Smith in the custody of the watchman.
Q. What was there in your pocket-book - A. A brigs register, and other papers not of any value.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 25th, between ten and eleven, I heard the rattle spring; I saw the prisoner Smith running; I pursued him, and took him; when I secured him, he said, do not stop me, I have not got it, I have done nothing. I said why do you run if you have done no harm; the prosecutor came up, and gave charge of him. The prosecutor went with me to the watch-house. I asked Smith if he was sure the other prisonerhad got the pocket-book; he said, yes he had got it, he saw him take it; he told me where he might be found.


                  JOHN 
                  STIRLING
               



            . I am an headborough, I was in the watchhouse. Smith said he was innocent of the crime; the other person had got the pocketbook, he called him his shipmate; he said to Jackson my brother officer, you will find him at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             in East Smithfield; I went there. We came back to the watchhouse, and interogated Smith where Curran lodged; he said in Well-street, Wellclose-square; we went there, and found him in bed; we accused him of the robbery; he denied it; we searched the room.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an headborough of St. George's in the East. I was in company with Stirling. The account he has given is correct. Smith said he did not take the pocket-book, nor knock the gentleman down, it was Curran that knocked him down, and had got his pocket-book.
COURT. Q. to Prosecutor. What was the value of this pocket-book - A. Two shillings.
SMITH, GUILTY, aged 17.
CURRAN, GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of simple larceny
            .





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Gibbs.
