





611. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of July
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Youard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUARD
               



            . I am a carrier
. On the 5th of July, between four and five in the afternoon; I was passing over Westminster-bridge


, at the time of the rowing match, my handkerchief was taken out of my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . On the 5th of July, I was on the bridge. I saw Willis, and Russell, they were very busy, putting their hands into people's pockets; I kept my eye upon them. One of them put their hand into my pocket, felt the staff, and then they sheered off. In a few minutes afterwards. I saw them again, and followed them and stopped them; Nicolls searched Willis, and found the handkerchief in his hat. When he took it from him he said, it was his own.
- NICOLLS. I was in company with Limbrick, I saw Willis, and Russell, come from the crowd; Russell was thrusting something into his breeches. We took them into a public house, I searched Willis, and found this handkerchief in the crown of his hat; he said, it was his own.
Prisoner's Defence. I was on the bridge. I met Russell, by that means I crossed over the way; I spoke to him, he asked me if I was going home; Limbrick came and took us both, and searched us both, he found the handkerchief on me, and the watch on Russell. I bought the handkerchief for sixpence of a man, he said, he was starving; he would sell the handkerchief off his neck to get him a bit of bread.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
