







649. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     OGLE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMILTON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DOYLE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Adlington
                        




                     
                  , Sarah his wife and others being therein, about the hour of two in the afternoon of the 14th of August
, and stealing eight shawls, value 22 s. three pair of stockings, value 10 s. eleven yards of printed cotton, value 30 s. one yard of cotton, value 2 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Adlington
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  ADLINGTON
               



            . My husband is a carpenter
, he is a housekeeper at Tottenham


. I only know that I missed the property, I can swear to it.
WILLIAM READ. On the 14th of August last, I saw Ogle and five more in Hatton-Wall. I took this property from Ogle. Two were not taken. I waslame, Hutt stopped them; Ogle said the things that he had got belonged to him.
Q. You found nothing on the other prisoners - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer; I was with Read; I apprehended Ogle, Hamilton, and M'Namara.
MICHAEL M'NAMARA. Q. Do not you attempt to save yourself by accusing innocent persons, what do you know of taking away the things from Adlington - A.There were me, Hamilton, Ogle, Doyle, a bricklayer, and Fairburn; we all met, by appointment, on Tuesday, at the White Swan, in Salisbury-street, Fleet-street, to go a robbing in the country. We went to Tottenham, Ogle, Doyle, and Fairburn, went into Mr. Adlington's shop, me and Hamilton was on the opposite side of the way; in a minute or two I saw Doyle run out with a gown piece under his coat; Ogle came out with a parcel of shawls in his hat, and Fairburn with some stockings; we went up the road, and M'Carran went back into the house; he afterwards came out with some stockings and more things; we went into a field on the other side of the house; and there M'Carran and Doyle divided them.
Q. Had you any part - A. I had not of that property.
Mr. Burry. When you were taken there was some property found upon you - A. Yes, that was stolen property, but none of Mr. Adlington's property was found upon me.
Ogle's Defence. M'Namara brought me into this.
Hamilton's Defence. M'Namara brought me into it, I never thought of doing any thing of the kind before.
Doyle's Defence. M'Namara was the first that induced me to leave my master, and to go into the country.
OGLE 


               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
HAMILTON, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 16.
DOYLE, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 15.
Of Stealing only.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
