





896. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FRASER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of June
, one violin, value 30s., and one musical stick, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Corbyn
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM CORBYN. I am a music-master
, and live in Prince's-place, Commercial-road


. The prisoner was introduced to me as a man shortly coming into great property, in order to be bail for another man - I agreed to accept the bail. Two or three days after he called and asked me to go with him to his new agent to receive 60l. of him. He said he intended to take up my bill if I would go with him. He said he was very dirty, and asked me to lend him a pair of pantaloons, which I did. When the appointed day came it was put off. He called on me again, desiring to know my terms for teaching, and asked me to teach a young lady, whom he intended to marry - I said I would. I took my musical stick with me, and played on it; he asked me to lend it to him, which I refused. He said he thought he would take a lesson in dancing himself, but he should he very poor until he got his money. I went home for a pair of pumps-when I returned I missed my violin and the musical stick, which I had left in his apartments, and the prisoner. I made frequent applications to him for them. He often promised to return them - He admitted that he had got them.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove that he gave me the violin.
-NORTON. My father is a salesman. The prisoner lodged in our house-Mr. Corbyn came there to breakfast with him; he took out a violin and a little kit - He gave it to him to practise on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORBYN
               



            . I never gave it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
