





1121. 
               
                  
                     GABRIEL 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, two shawls, value 25 s.; three gowns, value 33 s.; four yards of muslin, value 11 s.; one shift, value 3 s.; one pair of stockings, value 2 s.; and four caps, value 7 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Nevan
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Catharine, his wife

.


                     CATHARINE 
                     NEVAN
                  



               
            . I am the wife of John Nevan. On the 12th of May, I was coming from the Commercial-road to the Minories, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening. The prisoner accosted me, and asked where I was going? I said I was going on my business. He said it was awkward to see a woman with a bundle, when a man was with her; I said I could carry it. When we came to the corner of the Minories


, he snatched the bundle and ran off. Next morning I gave information, and on the 13th of July, I saw him in Brick-lane - my aunt was with me. I said, he was the man who had robbed me, and ran over the street to him - he laid hold of my arm. I said,
"You are the man who robbed me, will you give me my clothes." He said,
"Yes, if you will go with me." I said I would not, but must give him in charge. I laid hold of him, but he struck me, and ran away. I called Stop thief! He escaped into a house, and I told the people to secure him, while I went for an officer - he was secured. I am certain he is the man - he walked forty or fifty yards with me. I noticed him particularly.


                  HANNAH 
                  SHARP
               



            . I was going up Brick-lane, and saw the last witness cross the road, and speak to the prisoner; he took hold of her arm till they came to Osborne-place, then struck her with his hand, she recovered herself by catching hold of a shutter. I followed him, calling out Stop thief!


                  URIAH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I heard the cry of Stop thief! saw the prisoner running, and followed him into a house in Luntley-place. I asked him what he had been about? He told me to be quiet, and it would soon be over. The prosecutrix was following him, and said she had been robbed. He wished her to come into the house, but she said she would not, for he would murder her; I held the door to keep him in while she fetched an officer - a woman came and ordered me out. I went out, but suspecting he would make his escape backward, I went into the next house, and saw him getting over the wall; he ran round into Luntley-place again, and defied any man to touch him. We at last secured him.


                  ROBERT 
                  ANDREW REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner getting over the back-yard. I went home to fetch my staff, returned, and secured him in Fashion-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
