





738. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     MOSES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of June
, a pocket-book, value 3 d. and seven 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Beard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEARD
               



            . On the evening of the 22nd of June, I was going up Holborn


; after I had passed Gray's-inn-lane I was met by four persons; they pushed against me; all four appeared in a bustle; it was done in that kind of a manner that shewed me it was not an accidental thing They said, how do you do; I proceeded up Holborn; a second time I was met as the first time; I had only got a short distance; I then took my pocket-book out of my inside coat pocket, and put it into my inside breeches pocket, and proceeded up Brownlow-street, Holborn; when I got near Bedford-row four persons came sharp round the corner, pushed against me. in like manner, exclaiming at the same time, how do you do, just as before; they came as if they had gone round by Hand-court. At the moment the four men ran against me I was alarmed, and felt something at my breeches pocket; I put my hand in my breeches pocket, and felt my book was gone. The same moment three of the four went towards Gray's-inn-lane, the fourth, (the prisoner,) crossed over to Brownlow-street, and came towards Holborn; I pursued him, and took him momently.
Q. What did your pocket-book contain - A. Seven one-pound bank notes, and a check for thirty-five pound; it is not dated, and sundry memorandums. The next morning my book, and check was found.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRANT
               



            . I found the pocket-book about three o'clock at day light in Warwick-court, under the water-cock. The same contents are in it now as when I found it.
Prosecutor. This is my book, and this is the check I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a glass-cutter. I was going to the other end of the town to look for work. This gentleman came to me, and said he had I pocket-book; he said are not you one of the that passed me before; I said I am willing to go to the watchhouse. The gentleman was intoxicated; I could have easy got from him if I had been one of the parties.
Prosecutor. I was sober.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
