






1243. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BAMFORD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Louisa 
                        Campbell
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 10th of August
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, against her will, one pocket-book, value 1s.; one shawl, value 10s.; one hat, value 10s., and five 1l. bank notes
            , her property.


                  LOUISA 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I live in Collingwood-street, City-road. On the 16th of August I was passing down Bishopsgate-street


, about half-past ten o'clock at night, the two prisoners stopped me, Myers put her hand into my pocket and took my pocket-book out-Bamfield threw me down and took my heaver hat and shawl off; a little boy came by who know Myers (he went to the watch-house with me). I described the prisoners to Shepherd, he went out and brought Myers in, Bamfield was taken the next day.
Q.When they came up what did they say to you-A. They asked me to treat them, I said I had no money - I called out when they robbed me. I am a mantua-maker. I had five 1l. notes and five duplicates in the pocket-book. I never saw the prisoners before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of August, about a quarter before eleven o'clock at night, the prosecutrix was brought to the watch-house by a little boy; she was crying very much, and had neither hat nor shawl on, she appeared as if she had been in the dirt-her back was very muddy; she said she had been knocked down and robbed of her pocket-book, which contained five 1l. notes and five duplicates, and her hat and shawl; she described Myers to me very particularly-the boy who was with her, said her name was Myers. I went, with Field, to a public-house in Angel-alley, and found both the prisoners there together - I took Myers to the watch-house, the prosecutrix said it was her that took her pocket-book. She went before the Lord Mayor the next day, and described the other woman, and on Friday night I took Bamfield; she saw her on the Wednesday at the lock-up room, among five or six more, and picked her out as the woman who threw her down and took her hat and shawl, away. I found nothing on either of them.
JOHN FIELD. I am an officer. I was on duty. The prosecutrix was brought in by a boy named Cresswell; I cannot find him now.
MYERS'S Defence. We were in the public-house together, Bamfield went out and came back-the officer said a woman had been robbed, and I was the person. The prosecutrix is an unfortunate girl, and lives in Bambridge-street, St. Giles's.


                  MARY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Angel-alley. I saw a crowd, went up, and saw the prosecutrix very much intoxicated-she had her hat and shawl on, two tall women were with her-one of them took her hat and shawl off and ran away.
MYERS. - GUILTY. Aged 19.
BAMFIELD - GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of Stealing from the Person only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
