





713. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of August
, ten gallons of wine, value 10 l. forty-two bottles, value 7 s. and a handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Dennis
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  PETER 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I live in Hans-place, St. Luke, Chelsea


. The prisoner was my butler
.
Q. In the month of August last, had you purchased any wine of your wine merchant - A. I had given orders for ten pipes of port wine to be delivered on the 16th of August, the ninth pipe was delivered, the cellarman bottled it and lackered it.
Q. Who stacked it - A. Hughes, the cellarman of Messrs. Gray and Burcham, wine merchants. In consequence of information that the prisoner had been tipsey, I went into the prisoners room, I found a number of lacquered corks laying about, all of which seemed to be drawn with cork screws; I found a bottle of port wine in his room in the grate with a lacquered cork. I challenged him with having secreted it, he denied it; I searched further and found in a drawer that he used in his room another bottle of port wine, under the bed I found eighteen bottles of port wine, and nine more under the side of the bed. He then confessed that he had taken them, and hoped I would be merciful; I then desired to have his box searched, his box was locked, he refused opening it, upon which I told him if he did not, I should send him to the watch-house, lock up the room, and obtain a warrant, in consequence of that he opened the box, I found four bottles of Madeira wine, similar in flavour to that which I have, which I believe to be my own, I found a pocket-handkerchief belonging to me, and one to Lady Charlotte, one I can swear to.
Q. In consequence of this you ordered two of your servants to set up with him that night - A. I did, and from information of others I saw more bottles.


                  JAMES 
                  PEGG
               



            . I am a carpenter under Mr. Dennis. Q. On the 16th of August in the evening did you attend your master and see this wine found - A. Yes, the greater part of them, I sat up with the prisoner, he got up at half past three in the morning, he said there was some wine in the plate chest in the beer cellar the next morning we went to the cellar and found six or seven bottles of wine.


                  JOHN 
                  GILL
               



            . I am steward to Mr. Dennis - Q. Were you present when Mr. Dennis found this wine - A. I was present when the first bottle was found, and six or seven bottles of port wine, I took out of the plate chest the next morning.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a cellarman, I corked all the ten pipes that were sent to Mr. Dennis, they were all lacquered in the same way.
Prosecutor. I have tasted the wine, it is the same flavour and quality, I believe it to be mine and this handkerchief is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Dennis gave me an old coat, after I had it a week or a fortnight, I was going to give the coat to some poor boy, I found that handkerchief in it, I put it into my box, I had not an opportunity of giving it to Mr. Dennis; I experience some consolation when I reflect it is not insinuated that I purloined this wine with intention to sell it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 54.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
