





772. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FOGERTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Powell 
                           Milbourn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  POWELL MILBOURN
               



            . I am a seaman
.
Q. Did you lose a watch on the 29th of August - A. Yes, I was at High-street, Whitechapel, between one and two in the morning, I had been at Mrs. Casheer's in Goodman's yard, in the Minories, I was not intoxicated. I looked at my watch just previous to my leaving the house; I was going to No. 12, Brewer's Wharf, Whitechapel, and coming along Whitechapel High-street


 I saw the Yorkshire Grey public-house open, I had an inclination to take a glass of gin, I went in, and at the bar I asked for a glass of gin. Immediately three other persons followed me in, the prisoner was one of them, I speak to him with certainty. While I was at the bar the two other men went out after drinking their glasses of gin, leaving the prisoner behind. As soon as I went out of the house, he followed me immediately; he came abreast of me and snatched the watch from my fob.
Q. Did you perceive it done - A. Yes, I immediately cried out stop thief; I did not see any other person but the prisoner, he ran; I pursued him a short way, he was apprehended; he had not gone above thirty yards when the constable of the night took him; he was taken to the watchhouse; he was searched, I was present, the watch was found in his coat pocket; I claimed it immediately. The prisoner said he knew nothing of the watch until it was put in his coat pocket by somebody else. There was no other person near us at the time to have done it; I value the watch at three pounds, it cost me four guineas.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANBRIDGE
               



            . I am an headborough of Whitechapel. On the night of the 29th of August I was on duty, I was standing at the corner of Church-lane, between fifty and sixty yards from the Yorkshire Grey, I heard a cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running, I caught him by the collar, and stopped him, he said he had got no watch, without my asking a question, I had not charged him with any thing; I dragged him into the watchhouse, the prosecutor was in the watchhouse about two or three minutes afterwards; I searched the prisoner, I pulled his right hand out of his coat pocket, and he had got the watch in his hand. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with having taken his watch; he gave the same account then as he did now; he told me that there was a lady worked in silk inside of his watch; I found that to be correct. The prisoner said he was a man of respectability, and dared me to lock him up in the watchhouse.
Q. Did he tell where he lived - A. No, nor would he tell his name. I have kept the watch ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  SANDERS
               



            . Q. I am a watchman opposite of the Yorkshire Grey. I heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoner run from him immediately; I came up to him when he was stopped by Hanbridge; the prosecutor in the watchhouse charged the prisoner with having snatched his watch out of his fob; he described the watch accurately before it was produced.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the Yorkshire Grey, this gentleman came in intoxicated; I could not finish the glass I had in my hand, he finished it, he called for half a pint of gin and bitters; he drank out of that; he pulled out his watch, and offered itfor sale.
Prosecutor. I did not do any such thing, nor did I drink any bitters, nor ever out of the glass with him.
The prisoner called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
