





1450. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, one silver watch, value 2l.; one chain, value 2s., two keys, value 6d., and one sixpence, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Tagg
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
DAVID TAGG. I am a labourer
 just come from the country. On the 27th of October, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Petticoat-lane


, and had a silver watch in my fob, with a chain, two keys, and a sixpence hanging to it-there was a great crowd, I had just got through it-my watch was then safe. A cart came round the corner-there were three or four persons just behind me. They caught hold of me with their arms, round my waist, and said, "Stand back, countryman, you are not used to London, mind the cart." At that moment I felt my watch drawn from my fob - I saw it in the prisoner's hand; there were three others with him. I immediately laid hold of him - He got from me, and ran away. They rescued him from me, and knocked me about, to prevent my taking him, he was stopped by a person. I have never found my watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am a labourer at the East India warehouse, I was leaving work, and heard the cry of"Stop thief! he has got my watch." I turned round, and saw the prisoner running very fast, he knocked three or four people doen, by running against them. I collared him, he got from me - I collared him again, and held him fast. The prosecutor was pursuing about three yards behind him, and said he was the man who took the watch out of his fob. The prisoner said, he had not got it. The prosecutor said he never lost sight of him, that he saw him put his hand behind him with it. The prisoner replied that he had not got it. I took him to the watch-house.
CHARLES 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a painter. I was in Cutler-street, and saw the prisoner in company with three others. I saw two of them keeping the prosecutor in conversation, while the prisoner and another were rifling his pockets. I watched the prisoner, and his companions down an alley. They returned to the prosecutor just as a cart came up, which prevented my seeing them. He gave the alarm, I followed the prisoner, and saw him taken. I am certain he was with the others. I did not see the watch taken.
Prisoner's Defence. The people were hurrying to get out of the way. I ran between the horses to prevent my being run over. I was taken, and charged with the robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
