





485. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, three pounds weight of leather, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maberly
                  




               
            .
GEORGE EDWARDS. I am clerk to Mr. Maberly. The prisoner was a cutter of leather
 in Mr. Maberly's employ. From information of Mrs. Finch, the wife of a keeper of an eating-house, I went to her house; there I was shewn a basket belonging to the prisoner, containing some leather, which I have no doubt is Mr. Maberly's leather. When the prisoner left his employment in the evening, I gave him into the custody of the constable. He was taken to where the leather was. I asked him how he came by the leather; he denied knowing any thing about it; at last he said he had taken it by permission of his foreman. This leather is the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Maberly
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  FINCH
               



            . My husband keeps an eating-house, 216, Upper Thames-street. On the 7th of May, about six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought the basket to my house; he left it in the shop; at nine o'clock he took it up into the dining-room, and between four and five in the afternoon I saw it with leather in it concealed under the table in the dining-room. I informed Mr. Edwards of it. In the afternoon, Mr. Edwards came and brought the prisoner to my house. The prisoner acknowledged taking the leather from Mr. Maberly's warehouse; he afterwards said it was given him by the foreman.


                  JAMES 
                  JAMESON
               



            . I am Mr. Maberly's foreman in the leather department. I know this leather is Mr. Maberly's; it corresponds with the marks I put on the hides. I am in the cutting, and putting these marks on the hides. These he has out in his own shape for the conveniency of taking them away. I am confident it is my mark.


                  George 
                  Edwards
               



            . The prisoner cut this leather in two. If he did cut it he had no right to cut it.


                  HENRY 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody; I took him to Mrs. Finch's. The leather was produced before him. He first denied any knowledge of the leather; he afterwards acknowledged it was Mr. Maberley's property. He then said Mr. Jameson, the foreman, had given him leave to take it away. As I was taking him to the counter, he said he was sorry for accusing Mr. Jameson; he knew nothing of it. I went to his lodging in Shadwell-high-street; there I found a quantity of leather. It being out of the city, I have not produced it. I took the leather away.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
