





896. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAUCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , one hat, value 2 s.; 10 s. in monies numbered, three 10 l., three 5 l., and one 1 l. bank note
            , his property.


                  CHARLES 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 24th of May, I was at the Ship, public-house, Shadwell


. I laid my head down on the table, and fell asleep with my hands under my head; the prisoner sat on my right side on the same bench. I had 46 l. and about 8 s. in a small bag. I had been paid off that day - there were 5 l. and 10 l. notes among the money. I had just come from Portsmouth - my hat was on the table before me. I was awoke by feeling the prisoner draw his hand out of my pocket - I heard money jingle when he put it into his own pocket. I missed my bag of notes and silver; I seized him, he escaped from me, and got outside the door. I had taken my bag of money from his waistcoat-pocket before that. I got an officer, he went and secured him, and found my hat on his head, and my discharge in his pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q, What time had you come to town that morning - A. At eight o'clock. I was not drunk. I knew what I was about.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITT
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell; the prosecutor fetched me about one o'clock - I went to the public-house with him, we met the prisoner coming from the house, the prosecutor said he was the man who had robbed him, and he had got his hat on now; he said he had taken his bag of money from him. I found his discharge in the prisoner's waistcoat-pocket, and 9 s. He said he did not know how it came there. I had great difficulty in securing him. The prosecutor knew what he was about.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know how the discharge got there - the money was my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
