





780. 
               
                  
                     HENRIETTA 
                     LE PULLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one tub, value 1d.; 30lbs. of butter, value 30s.; three cheeses, value 44s., and 3lbs. of lard, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hutchinson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GREATHEAD
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Hutchinson
               



            , who is a cheesemonger
 in St. John-street


. On the 20th of January, at six o'clock at night, the prisoner came to the shop, and looked out the articles stated in the indictment, which came to 4l. 9s.; she ordered them to be sent to No. 20, Cock-lane, Smithfield, and said they should be paid for on delivery - She looked at two parcels of bacon, which she said were too high, and she would consider of it. I sent the things immediately by Dent, he returned without them or the money. I ordered him not to leave them without the money.


                  PETER 
                  DENT
               



            . I am Mr. Hutchinson's porter. On the 20th of January I went to No. 20, Cock-lane, with the goods, I met a boy at the corner of the lane; he said I was to bring the bacon with me that was ordered; that the person had considered, and would have it. I went to No. 20, Cock-lane, and saw a woman, two boys, and a man - I believe the prisoner was one of them; she staid behind the counter. I put the things on the counter, the woman received them of me, and said I was to fetch the bacon which she had looked at. She looked at the things, and asked for the bill, which I gave her - She said I was to fetch the bacon; I left the things. My order was not to leave the goods without the money. I was induced toleave them because she said I was to fetch the bacon. The shop was not fitted up for business-there was a temporary counter, made of a shutter. When I returned with the bacon I found the door shut, but not locked, and the things gone. I have never seen any person there since.
COURT. Q. If she had not sent you back for the bacon, should you have delivered the goods without the money-
A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a cobbler, and live under No. 20, Cock-lane. On the 20th of January the house was empty; a man came there and put up a shutter for a counter, in the evening. I never saw the goods brought in-no business was carried on there. I saw a woman and two boys with the man. The house has not been occupied since January.
Prisoner's Defence. I think the prosecutor has mistaken my person; he has seen me about, for which reason he swears to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
