





1142. 
               
                  NICHOLAS 
                  MURRAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, two coats, value 2 l., and one waistcoat, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Buston
                  




               
            .
SARAH BUSTON. I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Buston
               



            , who is fireman to the London Insurance
, and lives in Lower Thames-street


. On the 9th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the kitchen, heard somebody creeping in the passage, and on the stairs. I went to the kitchen-door, saw the clothes were taken off the bannisters, and saw the prisoner about half way down stairs with them on his shoulder. I called out,
"You have got my husband's clothes." He still kept creeping on with them. I called out Stop thief! some gentlemen down stairs in the office heard me, and coming to my assistance, they made a bustle; he heard them, threw the clothes down, and endeavoured to escape, but the witness caught him at the bottom of the stairs; the clothes were taken of the bannisters of the first-floor - we lodge on the second-floor. The street-door was left open, as there are offices on the first-floor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DURRANT
               



            . On the 9th of August, I was minding the counting-house for Mr. Sanders, the owner of the house, and heard the prosecutrix call out Stop thief! and a noise on the stairs. I opened the counting-house-door, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs as fast as he could - he had thrown the things down. I secured him till the officer came.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the house to inquirefor my Captain, and met a man on the stairs; a woman was pursuing him. I was stopped instead of the other.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 61.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
