





969. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ROBERTSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of August
, a frock, value 2 s. a pinafore, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Harriet 
                           Johnson
                        



.


                  CATHERINE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live at No. 5, Lisson-row, Lisson-grove. My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            .
Q. Have you a child of the name of Harriet - A. Yes, she is three years old.
Q. How was your child dress - A. On the 2nd of August she had nothing on but a frock and a pinafore; the weather was very warm; I put nothing else on her; she went to play on the green. I saw her about half past nine at my door; I went out; about eleven I returned, the child was missing then; her sister was looking for her. Her sister's name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Watkins
               



            . About one o'clock I found her; she had nothing on then but her shift; she had been stripped of her frock and pinafore. About half past six in the evening I saw the prisoner I stopped her myself. I told her she had stripped my child; she said, me, woman, I have plenty of clothes for my child; the prisoner went into a public-house; I saw my child's frock at the public-house; from there I followed her to her home, No. 24, Mitcham-street, Lisson-green. She threw my child's pinafore down the stairs, over the people's heads. She was afterwards taken in custody. The frock was worth two shillings, and the pinafore one shilling.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WATKINS
               



            . Q. This little child that had been stripped was your sister, was she - A. Yes; I saw her about ten; she had her clothes on; she went to play on the green; I missed her about eleven o'clock; I looked on the green; I could not see her there. My mother saw her before me. About half past six, I saw the prisoner; I stopped her by the account of the children. I told her she was the person that had stripped this child. She said, me, woman, my child has plenty of clothes. I stopped her until Mrs. Marlow came up. The prisoner went into the public-house, and there I saw my sister's frock. I saw the prisoner take it from under her petticoats. I asked her for the pinafore; she said she had lost it. I went with her to her home; she chucked the pinafore over the stairs to me. This is the frock and pinafore. I am sure it is my sister's.
Prisoner's Defence. A woman gave them to me in the street to carry them for her; she said she would pay me for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
