





533. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, forty-one pair of gloves, value 40s. one stocking piece, value 5s. four pair of drawers, value 20s. thirty-one pair of hose, value 5l. four shirts, value 15s. three caps, value 3s. thirteen stiffners, value 13s. one pair of braces, value 3s. half a yard of wool, value 1s. two pair of sleeves, value 1s. and seven purses, value 6s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pitt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PITT
               



            . The prisoner lived with me as an errand boy
 from about fifteen to eighteen months. Having repeatedly missed goods and money out of the till; I was determined to find out the cause; and I went to Bow-street and got an officer, who examined the prisoner's box by my request, and found goods in it of mine, which formed part of those mentioned in the indictment. The box was locked, and the officer obtained the key from the prisoner. The prisoner slept in an adjoining room behind the shop. There were some of the things in the box, which I had missed six months before.


                  BENJAMAN 
                  WILLIAM VALENTINE
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer, I went with Mr. Pitt to his dwelling house, on the 5th of April last. I saw the prisoner there, whom I searched; I found a silk purse on him with four pawnbrokers duplicates in it, and a box key, which he said belonged to his box. I brought the box to him, and gave him the key I have mentioned, and he opened the box himself, and part of the property named in the indictment was there. In a paper in his pocket were two other keys. I took one of them to his master's till, and found it opened it. He acknowledged that he had another box at his father's which had property of his master's in it, I took the prisoner with me to his father's, and there we found this box, which he acknowledged was his. The third key opened it. I found a quantity of hosiery of all descriptions in it, and at the bottom I found a piece paper with forty-nine pawnbrokers duplicates, the greater part for articles of hosiery.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I live at Mr. Hawkins's, No. 166, Drury-lane. I know the prisoner, he pledged two pair of bose at our house on the 6th of April. They are black silk hose, and I advanced ten shillings on the two pairs.
Prisoner's Defence. My master sold me many goods, which I pledged, and also Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Pitt
               



sold me many; but the goods in the indictment were bought of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Pitt
               



            , though perhaps unknown so Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Pitt
               



            .



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
