





633. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  GUPPRY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, a handkerchief, value, 1 s. 6 d; the property of a person to the jurors unknown, from his person
            .
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. I am a city officer. On the 11th of June, I saw the prisoner at Spring Gardens; it was on the night of the illumination. I observed him an hour to and fro with the mob. I watched him from Spring Gardens to Carlton-house. He appeared to be by, himself. On my following him I saw him attempt many people's pockets, and when he came down to Spring Gardens


 I saw him take a white handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket, and directly he got out of the mob. I could not get up to the gentleman by reason of the mob. I could hardly stand, the mob was so great. I have never seen the gentleman again. I and two officers followed the prisoner out of the mob; directly he got out he took a silk handkerchief from his pocket and tied round his neck. He turned round; and saw Cooper, an officer of Queen-square. He ran in about two yards; we stopped him. I told him what I had seen. He said it was through distress. I searched him; he had seven handkerchiefs upon him; one round his necks, one or two in his hat, and the rest in his pockets. I did not know his person. I had only observed his actions that night. This is the handkerchief I saw him take out of the gentleman's pocket. It is a white handkerchief; it is worth eighteen pence.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I was out on duty this night. I watched the prisoner from Cockspur-street to Spring Gardens. I saw him attempt a pocket or two, and just as he got through the crowd I saw him draw this handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket. When he came out of the crowd we took him into custody.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am an extra constable. I was with Cooper and Johnson on duty this night; I saw him attempt several pockets. I saw him draw a light coloured handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket at the end of Spring Gardens. We have never been able to find the gentleman.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a poor young fellow. I have not been long out of the country. I throw myself on the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
