







660. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADLEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, two handkerchiefs, value 20d. the property of certain persons unknown, from their persons
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I first saw the prisoners, on the day of the indictment, fronting Gyngell's show, in Brook Green Fair


. All three were in company together. I then saw the biggest. Bradley, catch hold of Brooks's arm, and point to a gentleman's pocket, and push him in, covering him. I saw the lad Brooks, draw the handkerchief out; Williams assisted in covering him. I endeavoured to inform the gentleman of the transaction, but could not get up to him; I did not know his name. We did not attempt to meddle with the prisoners until they got right out of the mob. When they had got from among the booths, they all felt into conversation together, and the little one, Brooks, pulled a handkerchief from under his jacket, and they all three caught hold of the corners, and began examining it. I guesed they were looking if there were any marks; I think it was too dark for them to see any, if they were. When we seized on them, the two smallest dropped the corners, and Bradley threw it away. I seized him, and Woodroffe took the other two. I accused Bradley of picking a gentleman's pocket, but he denied it, and said he had never seen the other two prisoners before. I found another handkerchief between his shirt and skin, and an open pen knife in his pocket, very sharp.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOODROOFFE
               



             corroborated the testimony of the last witness.
Bradley's Defence. I was going along, and a man came up and asked me if I would buy a handkerchief of him, and I bought those two, and went towards the fair.
Williams's Defence. What this man says is right.
BROOKS, GUILTY, aged 13.
WILLIAMS, GUILTY, aged 15.



               Judgement respited
               





.
BRADLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for life
            

Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
