








956. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FEATHERS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, one handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of a certain person unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a constable of Islington. On the 27th of May, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners in company together, in Middle-row, Holborn. I watched them down Holborn, and saw them look at several gentlemens' pockets - They went down Field-lane, and I lost them. I then met Thompson; he and I went together, and met all four in Fleet-street


, in about twenty minutes after. I was by the Bolt in Tun, they were on the other side of the way, and so was Thompson. I saw Glover follow a gentleman in black, and take a yellow handkerchief out of his right-hand coat pocket-the other three were close to him, covering him, to prevent anybody from seeing what he was doing - I do not know the gentleman. They all four turned round, and went up Johnson's-court together. I immediately went over to Thompson, and found he had seized all four of them. I lost the gentleman, and do not know his name. Thompson found the handkerchief on Holland. I am positive it is the same I saw taken from the gentleman. Holland said he would give him the fogle (meaning the handkerchief) to let him go. I had been watching them for an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable of St. Sepulchre's. I met Owen, and we went to look for the prisoners. I went on one side of Fleet-street, and he on the other, and saw all the four prisoners coming together towards Fleet-market. After following them a little way, I saw them all four dart into Johnson's-court together-Holland was a little behind the others. I ran up the court, and saw one of them push a handkerchief into Holland's hand - I took it out of his hand. Owen came over - I desired them all to stop, which they did for about a minute, and then Feathers made his escape, but was brought back by a man who stopped him. Owen then came up, and told me what he had seen. I searched and found another silk handkerchief in Holland's pocket. I said to Holland, "I thought you told me you would leave this off." He said, "Thompson, take the fogle, and let us go."
GLOVER'S Defence. It is all false.
HOLLAND'S Defence. I met the prisoners in Chancery-lane. I asked Glover for a handkerchief to put some meat in-Thompson came and took it.
FEATHERS'S Defence. I know nothing of it.

TAYLOR'S Defence. I can prove the handkerchief is mine.
ANN MOORE was called to prove that she had frequently washed the handkerchief for Holland, but on looking at the two handkerchiefs, she selected the one found in his pocket, and not that charged to have been stolen.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
FEATHERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
GLOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.







               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
