







126. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RYAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     HANNON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of December
, fifty yards of printed cotton, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jeremy
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Jeremy
               



linen draper
 in Holborn


. On the 19th of December, about the middle of the day, the two prisoners came to make a purchase the person that served them, his name is Baxter, he suspected that they had robbed us,
Q. He gave notice of his suspicion, did he. - A. Yes, and I shewed the prisoner some other articles that were laying near them, in order to ascertain whether they appeared guilty of having taken any thing before, they appeared very much confounded at my looking very hard at them, and the ticks that I had been shewing them they said they would not do, and requested me to reach one that was rather too high for me to get without getting upon something; I kept my eye upon them, and I saw the prisoner, Hannon, endeavouring to replace a piece of print that she had taken, I immediately returned to the counter, and observed the prisoner Ryan take from under her great loose coat, another piece of print; the other woman had a shawl on. I charged them with having committed the theft.
Q. That is the subject of another charge. - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Jeremy. On the 19th of December the prisoners came into the shop and desired to look at a gown, I shewed them a great variety; they wished to look at more. I went to get more, and when I returned, observed Ryan with her hands behind her, she appeared confused, she ordered a gown to be cut off, and wanted to leave the shop in a great hurry. What she bought came to twelve shillings and eight-pence, she gave me a two pound note to pay for it; I went into the adjoining parlour to Mrs. Jeremy, to get change for it. I told her I thought the prisoners had taken some print; she said I had better tell Mr. Smith, he was turning his back upon them. I returned from the parlour and gave them the change; I kept a pound back by way of detaining them. I then went into the parlour again, and as I was returning I observed the prisoner Ryan take a piece of twenty yards of print from under her coat, she was going to put it on the counter, Mr. Smith took it out of her hands.
Q. Have you the piece of print here. - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I produce the pieces of print.
Q. (To Smith.) Are these the pieces of print that were taken from the women. - A. Yes, there is fifty yards of them, they are worth three pound fifteen shillings.
Ryans Defence. I met this woman, she said come along with me. We were going up Holborn, we looked at the cottons. Mrs. Hannon bought the cotton, and half a yard of linen; the master came in the shop; he said you took a piece of print from under your coat; I did not, it is as true as the Lord is in Heaven.
Hannon's Defence. My husband gave me a two pound note, I went up Holborn, I met Mrs. Ryan, she went with me into this shop, I bought six yards of cotton, and two yards of linen. I gave him a two pound note, he brought me the wrong change; the master said that Mrs. Ryan took a piece of print from under her coat, he said he would transport us, as he had done a good many.
RYAN 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.
HANNON 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron
