





1537. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully, and by false pretences obtaining from 
                     
                        James 
                        Parker
                     



                  , servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dixon
                        



                     
                  , one blue jacket, one waistcoat, one pair of trowsers, and one cotton shirt, value 1l. 1s. his property, with intent to defraud him thereof
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dixon, who trades under the firm of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dixon
               



             and Co. He is a slop-seller
, and lives in Fenchurch-street


. On the 25th of September
 the prisoner came to the shop, and produed this paper (reads),
"Messrs. DIXON and Co.
"Please to give the bearer, 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , a blue jacket, a waistcoat and trowsers, and a cotton shirt, and place the same to the house account, and send a bill back by the bearer.
Your's, & c.
25th Sept. 1818. F. BURSLEM.
Oversecr, Christ Church, Surrey."
I delivered these things to him, and charged them to the account of the overseers of Christ Church. I am sure he is the man. I knew him before.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BURSLEM
               



            . I am a overseer of the parish of Christ Church, Surrey. I know the prisoner very well. He presented himself in the name of William Jackson.
Q. Did he ever obtain from you any written order, authorizing him to receive those goods - A. No; the order is not my hand-writing. Mr. Dixon charged me with them, and I discovered it was a forgery.
Prisoner's Defence. I had received an order from Mr. Burslem, and received the goods. After this I met a man who is now capitally convicted at Kingston. He gave me the order, and asked me to receive the goods, and said he would see me in half an hour. I got the things, gave them to him, and have not seen him since.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
