





271. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  RODGERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, ten pieces of printed cotton, value 10l., and four pieces of gingham, value 1l. 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Pool
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Pool
               



            .
WILLIAM POOL. I am a linen-draper

, and live in Great Marylebone-street


; on the 14th of December, about one o'clock in the day, I was up stairs, my brother called me down, and told me some property had been taken, the property had been chained to a chair, the chair and all was taken. I went out and found the chair lying in the street, broke, and the goods gone.
WILLIAM FROUD. I am a shoemaker; I was standing in my shop, in Chesterfield-street, and saw the prisoner go by my window, he had the prints under his arm; he went about two steps and turned back, my passage door was open, he went into the passage, and was there about ten minutes. I did not go to look for him, as I thought he was going to take the things up stairs to a woman who lives in my house. One of my lodgers asked if the prints were for sale; I got up and saw the prisoner tying the prints up in bundles in my passage; he offered one of my lodgers one piece of print if she would give him a handkerchief to tie them up in, she said she had not got one; he pushed the door to, the constable came to the door, and asked for the prisoner. He told one of my lodgers that he had had a dreadful fall, and that they must not be alarmed at his coming in - I heard him. The constable took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STORR
               



            . I am a constable; I was informed of the robbery, I went to the house of the last witness and found the prisoner there, behind the door, with the printspacked up in three separate parcels; the last witness said that the prisoner brought them in. I took him to the watch-house. We found the label of the prints in his pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prints were above two yards from the door, and not appearing to belong to any person, I took them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
