





301. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of March
, a trunk, value 1 l. 4 s. a coat, value 4 l. two pair of shoes, value 1 l. a pair of boots, value 2 l. twenty-five yards of linencloth, value 3 l. 18 s. six handkerchiefs, value 15 s. three pair of stockings, value 1 l. 19 s. twelve yards of nankeen, value 12 s. a tea caddie, value 3 l. 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Fleetwood 
                     Berry
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAYSON
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Westwood and Berry, druggist
s, in Newgate-street. On the 5th of March, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I went to carry this trunk to the Queen's Head, Old Change, at the corner of Newgate-street


, I met a man, he asked me if I knew of a situation as porter.
Q. Who was that man - A. I do not know. It was not the prisoner. I told him that I believed Mr. Jordan in Whitechapel wanted one. From that information, he said, will you take share of half a pint of beer. I accepted the offer, and said, I was going to the Old Change with this trunk, we would walk down there; we went there. After we came out and had drank the pint of beer, I found my trunk gone. I left my trunk within the door, rather inclining to the outside of the door of the tap.
Q. What beer did you drink - A. One pint of beer between us two. When I came out I said to the man that was with me, by the great God my trunk is gone; he said, d - n it, that is a queer thing. I went into the yard to see whether any of the porters had took it, he said he would go and see after it; I stopped at the door, and when he came back Mr. Lee said he saw a man run down the Old Change, and go into Moor's-yard. I found my trunk in Moor's-yard, in Mr. Phillips's house.
Q. All you know is, that you lost your trunk, and that you found it afterwards at Mr. Phillips's. Are you a Londoner - A. No. I have been in London five years.
Q. Then you ought to have more sense - You know nothing of the prisoner, do you - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a foreman to 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Mott
               



            , carwoman. On this day, about two o'clock, I was standing with my cart, I saw a man run across Old Fish-street Hill with a trunk on his shoulder. He took it up Moor's-yard.
Q. How near was that to the Queen's Head - A. About an hundred yards. My fellow-servant said he had suspicion he had stolen the trunk; I did not think so; the man came back again in the space of a minute, without the trunk. I knew every person in Moor's-yard. I did not think there was any body in the court that would take a stolen thing in. There was an outcry that the trunk was stolen, I and my fellow servant followed the man up Old Change, met with him, and took him into custody. I am certain the same man we took is the same man that went up Moor's-yard with the trunk. When we stopped the prisoner he asked what was the matter; we told him a person wanted to speak with him concerning the trunk; and coming along I gave him into the custody of the officer that met us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STAR
               



            . I am a carman. I was in company with Pearce; I heard him say a man went up the court with a trunk, I saw him out and when I stopped him I thought him to be the same man.


                  ELEANOR 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I live at No. 4, Moor's-yard. I know no more than a person came to the door where I live, and asked to leave a trunk for about a quarter of an hour; he said he had a great way to go. My brother-in-law, said he might leave it and wellcome, but the man I do not know. My brother in law is here. When the man was brought back by Mr. Smith I thought it to be the same man, but now I do not know. I had no doubt at the time; I was flurried.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a housekeeper in Moor's yard. The man asked me if he might leave the trunk; I said, yes. I never saw him. When he brought the trunk I was getting my dinner; about ten minutes after I was going to my work, I met the prisoner with a number of people coming up the court; they asked me if I had seen a man come up the court with a trunk; I said, no, I did not, but a man had left a trunk at my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. On the 5th of March I was going up Paul's chain, towards St. Paul's church-yard, I met the prisoner with Star and Pearce, I asked what was the matter, told them I was an officer; they said he had stolen a trunk. I took him in custody, and took him to Moor's-yard, and when I got to Moor's-yard 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Rogers
               



             said, that is the man that left the trunk, I will swear to him; I asked the prisoner how he came by the trunk, he said a gentleman had employed him to take it to the Commercial-road, and was to give him half a crown for his trouble; he said he did not know the gentleman, nor the street, or the number he was to take it to. This is the trunk I found in Mr. Phillips's house in Moor's-yard.
Q. to Mr. Westwood. Look at that trunk - A. This is the trunk that belonged to 
               
                  William 
                  Fleetwood
               



             Berry. I am sure this is the trunk. Mr. Berry was on a visit at my house, I was to send it to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the fact you may depend on it.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
