







264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRIDGEN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROSS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GIBBONS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, six live tame rabbits, value 1l.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Bloom
               




            .
JOHN BLOOM. I live at Purim-place, Bethnall-green


. On the 7th of January, my rabbits were in my shed behind my house, the gates were shut, they are six feet high, there was a silver-grey doe among them, which I had bought of Baxter. About half-past ten o'clock in the evening, Baxter came to my house and shewed me all my rabbits.


                  MARY 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Baxter
               



            , we live in Brick-lane, and deal in rabbits. On the evening of the 7th of January, about eight o'clock, the prisoner, Bridgen, brought six rabbits to our house to sell, my husband was not at home, he left them, and said he would call again.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAXTER
               



            , senior. I am the husband of the last witness. The rabbits were left at my house on the 7th of January. The prisoner, Bridgen, came and another with him, and wanted 12s. for them. I found a silver-grey doe among them, which I knew had been mine. I told them that I had sold it, but they said they had bred itthemselves; they said that they lived at Purim-place, Dog-row, and that the rabbits were there own, and that I might go home with them to see the hutches, if I would buy them. I gave them 8s. and told them I would pay them the rest when they brought the hutches. I sent my son to look at the hutches, when he came back I looked more distinctly at the rabbits in consequence of what he said, and remembered selling the silver doe to Mr. Bloom. I shewed them all to him and he claimed them.
RICHARD BAXTER, jun. My father sent me with Bridgen, and another boy, to look at the hutches, when we got to Church-street, they said they would not sell them, as they were going to keep more rabbits; and they sent me back again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FISHWICK
               



            . I set up at Mr. Bloom's to watch the premises; I saw Bridgen come from the premises with another boy, they had forced the back gate open; it was about half-past one o'clock in the morning. I apprehended him, and found a chisel, a phosphorus-box, and matches on him, while I was taking him before the magistrate, he said that there were six of the party, and gave me their names, he said that two were on the look out and four went in, and that he had taken the rabbits. I afterwards took Ross, Gibbons.


                  JAMES 
                  ARGENT
               



            . On the evening of the 1st of January, about six o'clock, I saw the three prisoners and some others in the Dog-row, they were standing opposite Mr. Bloom's gate talking about getting the rabbits, it was two others who were talking about it, the three prisoners were at the gate, it was fast; Bridgen got over, and the two other prisoners waited outside, Bridgen opened the gate and let them in, I waited on the outside, and looked in at the gate; Bridgen said, if I did not get away he would knock me down, they brought a bag out with something in it; Bridgen and Leonard went across the fields to Brick-lane, they came back in about an hour and brought 6s. with them.
BRIDGEN. Did you not go and take the rabbits - A. I did not.
BRIDGEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROSS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
GIBBONS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
