





697. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a pound weight of pins, value 3 s
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hall
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lander
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a pin and needle-maker

, my partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Lander
               



            ; I live at 47, Gracechurch-street


.


                  JAMES 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I am shopman to James Hall and 
               
                  John 
                  Lander
               



            . On the 9th of July, I put down twelve pounds of pins on the counter; the prisoner came in, and tendered some caulliflowers for sale; I told her we did not want any. She then turned round and walked towards the door, and justas she had got out of the door a person came in and told me that the woman that had gone out had taken a parcel up and put it in her apron. I looked on the counter, and immediately missed one pound out of the twelve; I followed the prisoner, and took her in the next shop but one; I took a pound of pins out of her apron; she said she hoped we would not prosecute her, she was drunk and did not know what she did.
Q. Was she drunk - A. I cannot say. These are the pins; here is the witness that saw her take them.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was waiting to cross the road there were so many carriages; I saw the prisoner go to the counter; she took a parcel the counter and put it in her apron; I immediately went and told the young man. I am sure the prisoner is the person. The young man went and took her immediately.
Prisoner's Defence. How I came to take the pins up I do not know. I am fifty years of age. I will never be guilty of the like again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
