





819. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MACLEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 2d of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 3l.; one ribbon, value 1d., and one key, value 6d., his property
            .
WILLIAM WOOD. I am servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Peter 
                  Still
               



            , of Montague-square. On the 2d of April, about five minutes before ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Montague-square


. He made a stumble, which threw me down - I thought it was accidental. As he was helping me up again he must have drawn the watch out of my fob. I had my hands in my breeches pocket, and could not help myself - I did not suspect him at that time. He asked mypardon, which I willingly granted him; we wished each other a good night, bowed, and parted. He went one way and I the other. I went ten or twelve yards further, and missed my watch. I had seen no other person-he must be the man who took it. I looked round, but he was out of sight, and I thought it useless to pursue. On the 13th of April I was coming down Oxford-street, just below Stratford-place, and met him. There was a strong light from a cheesemonger's shop - I had a friend with me. I said he was very much like the man who took my watch. I went back, and walked by his side two or three yards - I was not certain that he was the man. I asked him how he was, and if he did not know me? he said, No. I said, "I think I know you; and if I am not mistaken, you are the person who took my watch the other night." At these words he said, "D-n it! if you will walk a little way I will settle it with you"- this convinced me that he was the man. I took hold of his arm; I suppose he thought I intended to walk with him, which I did for a few yards, till we met a watchman, I then gave him in charge-we took him to Marylebone watch-house - He then said that he knew where the watch was. He did not choose to tell where it was, but he had pledged it. He asked me to go to his friends, I refused. My watch was found at a pawnbroker's in Prince's-street.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I am positive he is the man. It appeared to me as accidental at the time.
COURT. Q. How was you pushed down- A. He pretended to stumble, and knocked me down- he lifted me up.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable; the prisoner was given into my charge - I found nothing on him but a latch-key. I locked him up. About a quarter of an hour after, he knocked at the prison-door, and asked if there was any person I could send for a friend of his? I told him there was not at that time. He then asked me what I thought of his case? I told him I thought it would go very hard with him. He then said he had taken the watch from the young man, and it was pledged at a pawnbroker's, of the name of Dobree, be believed, but did not rightly know the name. I asked him where the duplicate was? he said a person had got it, but he should decline telling who it was, as he did not wish him to know where he was. Next day I found the watch at Dogherty's, in Prince's-street, pledged in the name of Maclean. He said 
               
                  Mary 
                  Honour
               



             pledged it, and she lived in Richmond-street.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  FRAZIER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 13th of April about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was in James-street- the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEBENHAM
               



            . I live with Mr. Dogherty, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Princes-street. On the 3d of April 
               
                  Mary 
                  Honour
               



             pledged the watch with me.
MARY HONOUR. I am a charwoman. The prisoner gave me the watch to pledge for 25s. - I gave him the money.
Cross-examined. He is a servant out of place.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave my case to my Counsel.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing from the person only
            . 


               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
