





229. 
               
                  
                     LUCY 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, three table-cloths, value 16s.; one petticoat, value 3s.; eight shirts, value 2l. 9s.; four sheets, value 1l. 16s.; one pair of sugar-tongs, value 8s.; three handkerchiefs, value 3s.; two waistcoats, value 14s.; three pair of breeches, value 1l. 16s.; one coat, value 30s.; four pillow-cases, value 4s.; five spoons, value 15s.; and one pair of buckles, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Baker
                     



.
JOHN WILLIAMS. I live in Perceval-street, Clerkenwell


, at Mr. Baker's, public-house. On the 14th of October I missed the articles stated in the indictment. I had been ill, and the prisoner nursed me; I asked her if she had seen some spoons? she said, yes; I asked her wherethey were? she made no answer; at last she said she had made free with them; but if I said nothing she would get them again. I asked her if she had pledged them? she said yes - I then asked her about the shirts; she began crying, and said she would go and drown herself; she went out, and returned in an hour. I insisted on having the duplicates; she took a thread-case out of her pocket - I took it from her, and found thirty-five duplicates in it; she said five guineas would get them all again. I told her she was an ungrateful woman; she said she was guilty, and that I might hang or transport her, whichever I liked. After that she gave me six more duplicates.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. She had been with me ever since the year 1816. She might have taken them at separate times.
ROBERT PETO. I am shopman to Mr. Chapman, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in St. John-street. Twenty-three of the duplicates found on the prisoner belong to our house. The largest sum advanced on one article is 6s.
HENRY PEACHEY. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged eighteen of the articles with me. The largest sum advanced on one article is 6s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I meant to redeem them.
GUILTY. Aged 65.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
