





99. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     AYRE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, a watch, value 1 l. and a seal, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tipper
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



            . I am a butler to Mrs. Francisco
. On the 19th of October, the prisoner drank tea with me and my wife, at 23, Hollis-street


. I lost a watch out of a drawer in the kitchen; it was in the kitchen the prisoner drank tea with me. After tea we went to the Crown public-house, the corner of Cavendish-street; leaving my wife at home. The prisoner left me at the Crown, he complained of a violent pain in his face, and a sore throat; he said he would go and get my wife to put a bit of flannel to his throat, as he had a violent cold and sore throat; he went, and while she went up stairs to get a bit of flannel, he left the house. When my wife returned down stairs into the kitchen, she missed the watch, and sent for me. The prisoner never came back. On the next morning, I found my watch at Mr. Dobree's, the pawnbroker; that was my watch that I had left in the drawer in the kitchen; when it is produced, I shall know it.
MRS. TIPPER. I am the wife of the last witness. I remember the prisoner drinking tea with me and my husband, and after tea, he and my husband went to the public-house; in about ten minuates after they went out to go to the public-house, he came back, he said, he had a violent pain in his face, could I give him a bit of flannel; I produced a piece of new flannel; he said, it was not broad enough, I said, I had broader, but it was old, and it was up stairs; he asked me several times to go up stairs for the flannel that was broader. I went up stairs, and coming down, I heard him go out, and on my coming into the kitchen, I missed the watch from the drawer; this was about five o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD BAGALIN
               



            . I am a servant to Dobree, pawnbroker, Oxford street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do. I saw him on Wednesday, the 19th of October, near seven o'clock in the evening, he pawned this watch and a seal; I was not the person that took it in; I actually saw him give that watch in pledge; he pressed very much for a pound note; he mentioned his coming from Walworth. I knew the prisoner previous to his pledging the watch, he was frequently in the neighboured; I knew him by seeing him at Morton's, a grocer there; I have been two or three times in the same room with him at Moreton's. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. It is my watch, I am sure of it; the seal has my wife's initials on it; the watch is worth one pound, and the seal a shilling.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 3rd of November, at the Dover Castle, Marsh Gate Lambeth, he had a midshipman's dress; I observed to him, that he had been to Sea; he said he had. I asked him if his name was Ayre; he said, yes. I then said, you are the hare that I am looking after. I told him I had a charge against him for stealing some watches. I took him into custody. He confessed to me that he had stolen the watches, nothing but distress made him do it. There were four watches, three of them have been given up by the pawnbrokers, the value of them altogether is about twenty pounds. I asked him what he had done with the duplicates; he said he burnt them.
Prisoner's Defence. It is a in alicious prosecution against me; by my friends it appeared there were two spoons taken away by some person, they may probably have taken the watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
