






788. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRANKLIN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           North
                        



                     
                  , in the night of the 15th of July
, or early in the morning of the 16th, and feloniously stealing therein, four coach glasses, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNS
               



            . I am coachman to Miss Morgan, who rents a stable from Mr. North, in Berkley-mews


, and the room over it is inhabited by Mr. Hare. I saw the coach glasses safe in the stable on the night of the 15th of July, and they were gone on the morning of the 16th. I had locked the stable the night previous.


                  JOHN 
                  LAUDERDALE
               



            . I am a watchman. I apprehended both the prisoners; I saw them together in Berkley-mews on the night of the 15th, and I immediately took Frankling to the watchhouse, and Thomas ran away. On searching Frankling, I found a piece of a coach glass frame; which is here. I then went and took the other prisoner, and afterwards I found the four coach glasses in the mews on the ground, close by Miss Morgan's coach-house door. This piece of frame fits one of the glasses.


                  RICHARD 
                  STIMPSON
               



            . I am a watchman. About two o'clock in the morning of the 16th, I heard a rattle spring, and went to the place from whence the sound appeared to come, and seeing Thomas run, I assisted in apprehending him.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWIT
               



            . I am a constable of the night. I searched Frankling, and on him that piece of coach glass frame was found; it fits one of the glasses. This skeleton key was delivered to me at the watch-house, by 
               
                  John 
                  Derbyshire
               



            , a watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  DERBYSHIRE
               



            . I am watchman. I gave that skeleton key to the last witness. I found it in Franklin's left hand coat pocket.
Prisoner Frankling. I wish my lord you would ask Newit whether he found that piece of frame in my hat, or in my pocket?


                  John 
                  Newit
               



            . I found it in your pocket.
JOHN JONES. I am a coachmaker
, and let out the coach from which these glasses have been stolen, to Miss Morgan, on a years job. I have examined these glasses, and I believe they are mine.
THOMAS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
FRANKLING, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
