





928. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HURD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, one pocket-book, value 1 s. three Bank of England notes for the payment of 5 l. and eight Bank of England notes for the payment of 1 l. each, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           De Lara
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MOSES 
                  DE LARA
               



            . I am a merchant
, and on the night of the 9th of July, I was returning home, towards Haydon-square, in the Minories


, from Drury-lane Theatre. My pocket-book was in my inside coat pocket; my coat was buttoned, and I thought it impossible to get at it. There were three five-pound notes, and eight one's in it. I saw a fire as I was coming out of the Theatre, and I went to see where it was: it was on Tower Hill, at the back of the Minories. My pocket-book was safe when I got to the Cresent; I wanted to get out of the crowd, and in a place where there was no crowd at all, the prisoner and another came just before me, and stopped me; they said, take care, sir; and there was nothing to take of. At that moment, I felt my coat torn open, and clapping my hand upon my pocket, found the pocket-book gone. I immediately seized them both, and held them for three or four minutes in the mob without any assistance; and at last I was obliged to let one go to secure the other, and I held the prisoner fast. I did not see the pocket-book pass between them.


                  JOHN 
                  HODSON
               



            . I was attending the fire that evening, near the Cresent. I did not see the prisoner until he was got hold of, and Mr. De Lara came up just after, and said, he was one that had robbed him. I knew the prisoner's person before; I searched the prisoner immediately, but found nothing on him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
