





160. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Toomer
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 14th of April
; putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 1 l.; one piece of ribbon, value 2 d.; two seals, value 2 s.; one key, value 1 d., and one half-crown, his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOMER
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Blue Anchor-yard, Westminster. On the 14th of April, about four or five o'clock in the afternoon, I was at a bull-bait; a man was talking with me, and said he had been attacked, and the person wanted to rob him; I said I would forgive anybody who robbed me, he said do not boast; I turned round, and was surrounded by a gang of about fifteen - they pushed me about; the prisoner came up, and asked the man what he was looking at, but he made no reply; the prisoner said he would fetch him a punch of the mouth. They knocked me down, beat me violently, and took my watch and half a crown from me. I am sure he is the man, I knew him before - one of his companions took it. The prisoner was the first that laid hold of me.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAGGER
               



            . I had my cart at the bull-bait; theprosecutor called out murder, and for help; this was after he had lost his watch. I pulled him up into my cart.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I was at the bull-bait; I was on the roof of a house, and saw the prisoner with fourteen more, pushing the people about, and knocking them down; the prosecutor soon after informed me he was robbed, and mentioned the names of three of them, the prisoner was one; I took two, but the prisoner, seeing me go into a public-house, got away. I never saw him from that day till last Monday, when I took him, in consequence of an anonymous letter.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was at the bull-bait, and saw the prisoner there with several others, hustling the people, and turning their pockets inside out; I saw him go to the place where the robbery was committed. I afterwards saw him, about 100 yards from me; he saw me, and ran off, and has absconded ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. I was there, but never touched the prosecutor. I have met Gillmore and Hagger, once or twice, but they never took me.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing from the person only, not with violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
