






464. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DODD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 1 l., and one chain, value 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Rowe
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ROWE
               



            . I am a labourer in the East India-house
, and live in Fetter-lane. On Sunday, the 7th of February, I was at the White Hart, public-house, White Hart-yard, Drury-lane


. My breeches were cut, and my watch taken out about nine o'clock in the morning, while I was asleep. I had been up all night - I work as a baker at night
.
Q. How came you up all night - A. I had been to see a friend, and could not get in after ten o'clock. I fell asleep in the tap-room, and do not know who robbed me. When I awoke I found Lynch at the bar, and demanded a search. He said it was not him that sat by my side, it was Dodd - Dodd was not there then - I gave Lynch in charge. My watch was safe before I went to sleep. I had waited at a coffee-house all night, being locked out.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a tailor. I was in the taproom between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday morning, and saw the prosecutor leaning against the fire-place, fast asleep. The prisoner, Dodd, sat by his side, with his two hands rummaging about the waistband of Rowe's breeches Lynch was sitting at the end of the table, to prevent the people from seeing what Dodd was about; he was looking at him. As soon as I took notice of Dodd, he jumped up and left the room - Lynch jumped off the table immediately to follow him. I caught hold of him, as he was the last, and said,
"Stop, my good fellow! you are not gone yet." He turned round quick, and said,
"D - n you, what do you want with me? The landlord and myself awoke the prosecutor - he found his breeches cut, and missed his watch. Lynch said it was not him who cut off his fob, it was Dodd. Maidment came and took Lynch.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I am certain Dodd is the man.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  MAIDMENT
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for and took Lynch. I took Dodd three days after.
DODD'S Defence. I am innocent.
DODD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
LYNCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
