





982. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LACY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully obtaining from 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dickinson
                        




                     
                  , six tissue scarfs, value 16 l., with intent to cheat him thereof
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am a silk-manufacturer
, and live in Cheapside


. On the 15th of June the prisonercame to my house - I knew him before - he said he wanted some tissue scarfs, for Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Coates
               



            , of No. 134, Oxford-street. Coates was no customer of mine, but I knew there was such a man. He looked out five at 55 s. each, and one at 45 s. I made out an invoice for cash at the end of the month. I asked him if his name was not Lacy? he said it was. I knew him when he lived with Mr. Smith, of Cheapside. He said he lived with Mr. Coates, 134, Oxford-street. I asked him if I should send them? he said No; Mr. Coates would laugh at him if he had them sent - they were worth 16 l. I let him take them. On the 24th of June I applied to Mr. Coates for payment, and found he knew nothing of it. On the 2d of July I took the prisoner in a public-house at the corner of Covent-garden. He begged pardon.


                  THOMAS 
                  COATES
               



            . I live at No. 134, Oxford-street, and am a linen-draper. I do not know the prisoner - I never sent him for any scarfs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTER
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge; he said that every thing that was said at the office about the scarfs was correct, and he had sold them.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been brought into this by keeping gay company. I have lived in very respectable houses, and throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
