







208. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pulbrook
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night time of the 4th of December

, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, twenty dozens of leather soles, value 16l. seven upper-leathers, value 7s. and two odd boots, value 2s.
             his property. And 
               MARYANN CAFFRAY

            , for 


               feloniously receiving on the 5th of December

, two odd boots, part of the said goods, she well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
JOHN PERRY. I attend in the shop of Mr. Pulbrook, he keeps a shop at 48, Goswell-street; the shop lies backwards, it is about four feet from the dwelling house. There is a court runs down by the side of the house, it is called Willow-row, which goes into a skittle-ground. There are houses on one side of the way, and the other is a rope yard. We found a ladder in the yard. I was in this house on the 4th of December; we went to bed at about ten o'clock, and the next morning we missed the property in question. I found the shelves stripped, and the window taken down in the skittle ground.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a patrole. At a little after five o'clock on the morning of the 5th of December, I saw the prisoner Smith running along George-street; she was running as fast as she could run with a large bundle, which I had some suspicion was stolen property. I directly followed after her, and heard a very loud knocking at a door. The woman was at first twenty or thirty yards before me; I saw a man and a woman standing at the door; they entered, and we followed them so quick, that they had not time to shut the door. We went up stairs, and there were five or six people drinking, and appeared as if they had been up all night. At the time we went up stairs, we heard the door shut, and then the property was gone. As we were going out, Jane Smith came in again; she was in and out several times; I knew her again, and took her with the property at a little before seven.


                  HENRY 
                  COOK
               



            . I saw the last witness Carter in the morning of the 5th of December, at about half past six; I went with him opposite No. 2, Church-lane; we waited there, when out came the prisoner Chaffray; she came to the end of George-street, which is a very few yards; she looked up the street, and returned, and left the door open. In about a minute, out came 
               
                  Jane 
                  Smith
               



            , with something in her lap. We started out, and Carter laid hold of her; we asked her what she had got, and she said leather.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I know one of the prisoners at the bar; I know Chaffray. I know nothing more than she lodged with me.
JOHN SKEFFINGTON. I am a shoe-maker. I know her coming to me, and offering me two boots to mend; they were odd ones; these are the boots.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CAFFRAY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
