






887. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  PETER 
                  PEARSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, one watch, value 2l. 10s.; one chain, value 1s.; and one key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Hughes 
                           Hawkins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HUGHES HAWKINS
               



            . I am a deputy warehouse-keeper
 at the London Docks, and live at Wapping. On the morning of the 25th of March, before day-light, I was returning home through the Commercial-road


, where I had been drinking - I was intoxicated. My watch was safe at twelve o'clock, when I left my friend's house. I had two friends with me. At six o'clock, when I recovered, I found myself at my friend's house. I do not know what road I took.


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a watchman. A little before two o'clock in the morning of the 25th of March, I saw Hawkins, and two others with him, pass my box in Rosemary-lane - They were all intoxicated. My box is about twenty minutes' walk from the Commercial-road - They were going towards the city. The two prisoners were standing at the corner, just by my box - I am sure they are the men; I knew Pearson before; he had been over to me between twelve and one o'clock, and asked me to call his boy at half-past three o'clock. He went over to the corner, where he stood before-Ball was talking to him there. Soon after Ball came, and lit his pipe at my box. When the prosecutor and his two friends came by, they asked me the road to the London Docks-all of them were very drunk. I directed them, and they turned towards the Docks and went on. When they had got a few yards from me, Hawkins fell down, and the prisoners left the corner as if to assist him. Hearing a noise, I got out of my box, and saw both of them with the three gentlemen; I got up to them. Ball was stooping to help Hawkins up; I stooped to help him myself; and as I lifted him up, I saw Ball with his hand in his waistcoat pocket. He then put his hand down to his breeches-pocket - I saw him pull his watch out - I saw the seals and ribbon hanging in his hand. Hawkins was leaning on my arm. Pearson was behind Ball-whether Ball gave him the watch, or not, I cannot say. I immediately seized Ball by the breast, and said, "You have robbed the man of his watch and all that he had!" He made a bounce, and got from me. I ran after him with the cry of Stop thief! He ran down Cartwright-street, and turned into a passage which had no thoroughfare; he got out, but I secured him before he got out of my sight; nothing was found on him. I am sure I saw him pull the watch out. I secured Pearson between two and three o'clock that morning at his house. He denied the charge. Ball got away from me, and on the 12th of May I saw him at Lambeth-street Office, and am sure he is the man. I took Pearson to the watchhouse; the gentlemen were not able to give charge of him, and he was discharged by the keeper - He was afterwards apprehended.
THOMAS FARRELL. I am a watchman. I was in Cartwright-street and heard the alarm between two and three o'clock. I ran up, and found Ball in George's custody - He was taken to the watch-house, and escaped from me. We took Pearson at his house, and the watch-house-keeper let him go. I am positive he is the man.


                  EBENEZER 
                  DALTON
               



            . I apprehended Pearson on the 10th of May.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Ball on another charge.
BALL'S Defence. I have witnesses to prove I was at home that night.
PEARSON'S Defence. I stood off the pavement-Ball was with me, and did not go near him. George pointed Ball out to Farrell at the second hearing, saying, "Mind that is Ball."
THOMAS GEORGE. I did not point out either of them to Farrell.
THOMAS FARRELL. He did not point out either of them to me.
SUSAN JOSEPH. I live with Mrs. Francis, at Butcher-row, East Smithfield. Ball lodged in the same house. On the 24th of March, he came home between nine and ten o'clock, quite intoxicated; he sat down a little while in Mrs. Francis's shop, and afterwards said he wanted to go to bed. Mrs. Francis asked me to light him up stairs, which I did - He went to bed-this was a little before ten o'clock-the house was open till about twelve o'clock that night. Mrs. Francis has several lodgers sometimes. The street door was shut. She stays up till twelve or one o'clock.
Court. Q. What time was the house shut up that night - A. It had struck twelve o'clock-it is generally shut at that time; the outer door of the house was open till twelve o'clock-it was shut at eight o'clock, and the shop shut.
Q. Was it shut when the prisoner came in - A. It was shut from the time that the prisoner went to bed till twelve o'clock. I was sitting in the kitchen with Mrs. Francis.
Q. What time did he come home the next night - A. I do not know. On the Monday night (the 24th), he said, he had some business at his sister's, and told us he was to go again on the 27th - He shewed me a printed paper, as also Mrs. Francis, that she might see he had to go to his sister, at Islington, on the 27th.
Q. How came he to shew it to you when he was tipsy - A. He pulled it out of his pocket, and said, he had a paper, and was to go, on the 27th, at eleven o'clock in the morning. On the Monday morning, he went out at nine o'clock, and said he was going to his sister on business.
Q. When did you first hear that it was of consequence to know that he was at home on the 24th of March - A. He sent for me about a week ago - I was not intimate with him; I saw him in Newgate - He asked me when he went to his sister, and came home tipsy.
Q. How came you then to know the day of the mouth - A. I have heard the people say the robbery was done that night - I heard so two days ago.
Q. If you only heard it two days ago, how can you say, that when he sent for you a week ago, that you knew the 24th of March was material - A. Only because the paper said the 27th of March, which was Thursday, and I knew it was Monday that he came home tipsy.
Q. Whether that was Monday, the 24th of March, you cannot say - A. Yes, I am sure of it; I kept it in my memory - He told me that it was Monday he came home tipsy - I told Mrs. Francis, that it was Monday, the 24th of March, and asked her if she did not recollect it.
Q. On your oath, was he not taken up for stealing geese - A. Yes.
Q. Were there any geese found in your room - A. He asked me to let him leave them there - I washed for him.
SARAH FRANCIS. I live in Butcher-row. Mrs. Joseph is married-her husband is abroad - She does not take in washing, but washed for Ball. I let him in. On Monday, the 24th of March, about twenty minutes before ten o'clock-Mrs. Joseph was below at the time - He was then tipsy, and asked to go to bed - I asked Mrs. Joseph to light him up; he stood talking while she lighted the candle, and went up directly.
Q. Did he say where he had been, or on what business - A. No; I never heard him say any thing about his sister's business. I saw no paper - I am sure I never saw either printed or plain paper. Nothing was said about the 27th of March, nor did Joseph say any thing to me about the 27th of March. He was taken out of my house about troubling himself with a woman, and was afterwards taken about something in a back yard which joins our yard. I never heard what it was. I have seen him once, in Newgate, about a week ago.
Q. Who told you it was material to recollect the 24th of March - A. Nobody; I do not know that he was charged with doing any thing on that day.
BALL-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.
PEARSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
