





1538. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, six barrow pigs, price 15l., and four sow pigs, price 10l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Abel 
                  Sharpe
               




            .
ABEL SHARPE. I am a farmer
, and live at Maiden Cross, in Hertfordshire


, which is thirty-four miles from town. On the 31st of October, about six o'clock in the morning, I lost ten fatted pigs out of my sty. Some of them were fatted barrow pigs, and some sows. They were safe the night before. I traced the footsteps of two men from the sty into the road, and the marks of the pigs' feet in a direction towards London. I found them at Mill-hill. They were half fat, and I should have thought it hardly possible for them to have been driven that distance in so short a time. The prisoner said he had them from Housely, of Becclesway. I could find nosuch person.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WIN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I fastened the pigs up safe in the sty, at six o'clock in the evening. It is enclosed with rails. They could not get out. I have seen them since, and know them to be my master's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREENIN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 21st of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner and another man driving ten pigs. They passed me by Mill-hill, which is about ten miles from town. I walked by the side of them. I afterwards went on towards Hampstead, and saw them again about ten o'clock. The other man was then gone. I asked the prisoner to drink with me, which he did. I collared him, and said I suspected the pigs were stolen. I took him into a back room, and wrote down what he said. - (Reads.)"He said he bought them of Mr. Housely, of Becclesway, for 22l. 10s., on the 14th of October. That his name was Field, of Blackfriars'-road." I found a dead fowl and a knife in his pocket. The pigs were very much fatigued; they could not stand on their legs for two days.


                  THOMAS 
                  BILLEN
               



            . I was with Greenin. He has spoken correctly.
Prisoner's Defence. I overtook a man with the pigs. He gave me 10s. to drive them to Crawford-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
