





573. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, eighty pounds weight of letter type, value 5 l. a piece of brass, value 1 s. five reams of paper, value 4 l. one hundred pounds weight of paper, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Blanshard
                  




               
            .



                  THOMAS 
                  BLANSHARD
               



            . I manage the printing business
 for the Methodist society. The printing business is carried on at No. 14, City-road


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do. He was a journeyman printer
 to me. I had missed types and paper belonging to my care. On Saturday the 1st of May I went to the prisoner's lodgings; the prisoner was not present at the first search. I afterwards told him what I had found, type and paper belonging to me. He made no reply respecting the types; the paper he said he considered as a perquisite.
Q. Do you allow any such perqisite - A. No, it is not our custom to allow taking any paper.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am a police officer. On the 1st of May I was sent by Mr. Blanshard to take the prisoner into custody. In his apartment I found three or four hundred weight of type, and about a coach load of paper, printed and unprinted. I brought the paper to the office, and shewed it to the prisoner. He said he took them at a sheet at a time; he considered them as perquisites.
Q. How many sheets are there - A. As many as would fill a coach.
Mr. Blanahard. This is part of the paper I took from the prisoner's apartment. These are books which are printed by our society for the use of the society, which nobody does but ourselves.
Q. How many reams of paper are there - A. About ten or twelve reams.
MR. FIGGENS. I have examined the type; I cast it for that printing office. The type is what we call Three nick; the face is No. 4, English. I never cast No. 4 upon this body for any other than the Methodist society.
Prisoner's Defence. These types I bought at sales. I had a license to be a master printer in the year 1801.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
