






135. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TAPHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , at about the hour of nine, on the night of the 5th of November
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, a feather bed, value 40s. and a quilt, value 2s. his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I live in Gloucester-buildings, Whitecross-street, St. Luke's


. A person named Carr lodges in my house; the furniture in that room in which he lodges, are mine; the bed and bedding are mine.


                  ROBERT 
                  CARR
               



            . I lodge in Spencer's house. I went out between eleven and twelve's o'clock in the morning of the 5th of November; I pulled to and latched my door after me. When I came back, at night, the bed and quilt were missing. Nobody ought to go into the room unless it was the landlady or landlord.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILLER
               



            . I live in Spencer's house. I was at home in the evening of the 5th of November. I opened my door, and saw the two prisoners coming down stairs, with a bed in their hands, each had hold of it. I had a fire in my room, and havingopened the door, the light shone against their faces; I did not speak to them. I went down stairs, and informed Mrs. Spencer, and in consequence of what she told me, I pursued the men with the bed; I found both the prisoners standing close by the Duke of Gloucester, with the bed on the ground between them.


                  HANNAH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I was sitting in my room on the evening of the 5th, at supper, when the last witness came and told me that somebody was carrying a bed down stairs. I went out, and 
               
                  Martha 
                  Stephens
               



            , who was sitting with me, went out; she laid hold of the prisoner Topham, by the Gloucester Arms. I never saw the prisoner Lynch, that night; he had ran away. Topham and the bed were taken to the watchhouse, and also I went to the watchhouse, because my husband was not at home. I had seen the bed and the quilt in Carr's room in the course of the day, and about tea time I saw Lynch and another in the yard.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am an headborough. I was sent for on the night of the 5th of November, I saw the prisoner Topham, standing with a bed at his feet, and a man had hold of him. I asked him how he came by it, and he said, Lynch put it on his shoulders. He told me where to go and get Lynch. I, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Vaughan
               



            , took him according to the direction.
TOPHAM, GUILTY, aged 42,
LYNCH, GUILTY, aged 63,




               Of stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
