





398. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RAYBIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, four live tame geese, price 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Warren
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a publican
, and live at South Mimms


. On the 12th of February, I lost my four geese, about half-past eleven o'clock at night - the place was broken into.
THOMAS CHESHIRE. On the 12th of February, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was at Warren's, - he said the geese were stolen. I received information, and saw the prisoner about fifty yards off; he ran away, and we followed him through three fields; we took him in the third field, and found three geese in the first field, where he ran from - they were in a great coat, which had a live hen in the pocket; they were on the spot, where he started from - he had concealed himself in a ditch. I found a direction in his pocket-book, with a packing-needle - there were two others walking about the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAWFIELD
               



            . I lodge at Warren's; the waggoner said somebody was stealing the geese, and that a man ran by him in the yard, and dropped one; I ran down, told Warren, went into the yard, and picked up a goose. I pursued after the prisoner; he was close to the farm; two other men were by the farm, they enquired for a waggon to take them to town - the prisoner was behind them. I asked him who he was? he immediately ran off, and we followed him through three fields; three of the geese were found just where he started from - they were dead.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I was at Warren's; two men enquired about a waggon; I saw the prisoner coming behind them - he turned back, and ran away; we followed, and took him in a ditch. Tilson said he was the man whom he saw drop the goose.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TILSON
               



            . I am a waggoner. I saw the prisoner in the yard, he dropped a goose - I am sure he is the man. He ran away when he saw me, but was secured.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARREN
               



             re-examined. The geese are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was laying in the ditch to rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
