





627. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry James 
                           Coombes
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 1 s. and a 1 l. bank note
            , his property.


                  HENRY 
                  JAMES COOMBES
               



            . I am a bottle merchant
; I live in Bush-lane. On last Thursday I was in Fleet-street


. I only know I lost my pocket-book and a one pound note.


                  JAMES 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a constable of the city of London. Last Thursday, about three o'clock. I was in Fleet-street, in company with two more officers. Just by Shoe-lane there was a bustle, and directly the bustle was over three men turned out of the mob and went into Shoe-lane. We followed them up Shoe-lane. One of the officers knewing them to be suspicious characters, we stopped them, and took them to the watchhouse, and searched them, and the pocket-book was found in the prisoner's pocket. That is all I know of it.
- WESLEY. I produce the pocket-book. This is the pocket-book I found in the prisoner's pocket. There is a one-pound note in it.
Prosecutor. I know it to be mine by the name of Styles being on it in my own hand-writing.
Mr. Adolphus. You know nothing of losing your pocket-book - A. I found the bottom of my pocket cut; I do not know where it happened exactly. I had been standing not far from Shoe-lane ten minutes speaking to a gentleman. I am sure it is my pocketbook.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going towards St. Paul's, I saw this book on the ground by the corner of Shoe-lane; I took it up, and put it in my pocket. I was asked by the officers what I had got. They took me to the watchhouse, and searched me; they found the pocket-book. I told them I found it; I had more right to it than they had. They immediately locked me up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
