





1468. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Hazlehurst
                     



                  , about seven o'clock in the evening of the 1st of October
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one picture-frame, value 1s., his property, and one pelisse, value 1l.; one gown, value 1l.; one spencer, value 2s.; two handkerchiefs, value 1s. 9d.; and one skirt, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sophia Ann 
                  Hazlehurst
               



            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  ANN
               



             HAZLEHURST. I live with my father, on Back-hill, Hatton-garden


. On the 1st of October, about ten minutes before seven o'clock in the evening, Tuck gave me information that thieves were in the house; it was dark. I do not know that the door was shut; I met the prisoner on the stairs, I did not know that he was the thief - I told him to run up stairs; I went down and gave 
               Tuck
             a light and told him the man was up stairs. I missed the articles stated in the indictment out of my drawers in the parlour - They are worth 2l.4s.; I found them lying on the floor. The prisoner was secured.


                  SARAH 
                  BACON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hazlehurst. I saw the prisoner in the two pair of stairs room; the street - door might be open. I gave the alarm.
JOHN TUCK. I am a glazier. I saw the prisoner and two others by the house; the prisoner went in and the others stationed themselves at the corner; I could not find an officer and went in myself and told Hazlehurst; the other two ran away. I secured the prisoner in the house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never touched them.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               Stealing to the amount of 39s., but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
