





179. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RANSOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, a pewter pint pot, value 2 s. and a pewter pint pot, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     M'Milian
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  M'MILLAN
               



            . I am a publican


 in St. Martin's-lane. I live at the sign of the Coach and Horses.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a city constable. On the 5th of January, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was passing in the Strand; I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ransom
               



            , go down Adam-street, Adelphi. Knowing the prisoner to be a reputed thief, I followed him. I watched him, and saw him go into different passages in Craven-street, in the Strand. I watched him into Northumberland-court. I saw the prisoner take a quart pot and a pint pot, from the door of No. 3, (Mr. Jones's), Northumberland-court


. They were outside the door. He put the quart and pint pot under his coat. He came down the court, crossed over to St. Martin's-lane, went up Exchecquer-court. He took the quart and pint pot, and put it into a bag. Then I stopped him. I asked him what he had got. He kicked my shin, and ran off into the Strand. I cried out, stop thief. He was knocked down by a guard, and stopped. I examined the bag, and took the prisoner in Bow-street. These are the pots.
Q. to Prosecutor. Does Mr. Jones, in Northumberland-court, have beer of your - A. He does, and the pots are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I acknowledge my fault in this instance. I should take it a favour to be sent to sea.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
