





947. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHARPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, nine pairs of stockings, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wilson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James Barnard 
                     Dew
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a hosier
, in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Barnard Dew
               



            , we live in Cheapside


. On the 7th of June, I lost my stockings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a locksmith. I was passing up Cheapside about two o'clock, and saw the prisoner in company with another man dressed like a sailor, walking backward and forward by the corner of Foster-lane. The sailor held his apron against the wall, while the prisoner 
               drew
             the stockings from the door, and put them into the sailor's apron. They ran down Cheapside - I told Mr. Dew, and ran down Friday-street, but lost sight of them, and returned to the shop; in about two minutes the prisoner was brought back with the stockings. I am sure he is the man - I had watched them for some time.
EMBLIN STEVENS. I was in Cheapside, and saw two men lurking about the shop - I watched them, and observed the prisoner go up to the window two or three times, and then went back to the tavern door, and called the sailor to him-both then went to the window. A lady went into the shop, and as soon as she got in, the prisoner took the stockings, and put them into the sailor's apron. I pursued after them down Friday-street - they turned down a lane, I lost them, and saw them standing against a post, and pointed them out to Pretty. They had the stockings tied up in an apron, which was then off. I pursued them down Basing-lane, stopped them, and asked what was in the apron-the sailor dropped it, and ran off; I secured the prisoner. I am certain he is the man who took them.
Prisoner. Q. What did I say when you took me - A. You said you was not the man.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PRETTY
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 7th of June, about two o'clcok in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner and a sailor (who had the bundle), running. I heard that the stockings had been taken. Stevens asked me to follow them. The sailor dropped the bundle - We secured the prisoner, and I picked up the bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               Transported for Seven Years
            . 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
