






874. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MACEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DENNISON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, one pocketbook, value 6 d., and 4 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lemon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEMON
               



            . On the 10th of May, about nine o'clock at night, I was turning out of Ratcliff-highway into Old Gravel-lane


 - I had taken my pocket-book out of my pocket; the prisoners rushed upon me, and Macey snatched it out of my hand. I made a spring and caught hold of them, Dennison put his foot in the way, and tripped me up - I fell on the pavement. I called Stop thief! rose up, and pursued the party; they ran into the arms of two officers, who secured them. I never lost sight of them, and am sure they are the men - the pocket-book was found on Macey.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Summers heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw several persons running. I first took Macey and then Dennison, who were running - they were about fifteen yards apart; the prosecutor came up in about a minute, and said they had got his pocket-book. We took them to the watch-house, and the pocket-book was found on Macey.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I was with Allen. We had been watching the prisoners sometime; I heard the alarm, and found them in his custody. I found the pocket-book on Macey.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MACEY'S Defence. A man dropped it, and I picked it up.
MACEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
DENNISON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
