





322. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     NETTLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting, 
                     

                              Mary
                           


                         the wife

 of 
                           
                              
                                 George 
                                 Norton
                              







                  , on the 5th of February
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, a veil, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Norton
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  NORTON
               



            . On Sunday night, the 5th of February, I was crossing Weston's park


, walking with my sister, she had hold of my arm, the prisoner snatched the veil off my head, and he run up Weston's park; he run into the patrols arms, the patrol took him; I stood still, my sister ran after him.
Q. Did he say any thing to you - A, No, he did not speak.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I produce the veil. I am a patrol.
Prosecutrix. I know the veil is mine, this is the veil that the prisoner snatched off my head, nobody was with me but my sister.


                  ANN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am sister to the last witness, I was with my sister on this Sunday night, when my sister screamed out I saw the prisoner run, I observed the prisoner, I did not see him do any thing; I ran after the prisoner, nobody was with me; when I overtook him, he was then in the patrols arms, when I saw him, I only saw his back then.


                  JOHN 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            , I am a patrol. On Sunday night, I was going past the Crown in Weston's park, I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner run into my arms, I held him, Green came up.
GREEN. I assisted in securing the prisoner; the sister of the prosecutrix came up, and said that was the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I found the veil against No. 23, about thirty yards from where I saw the patrol with the prisoner in his arms.
COURT, Q. to prosecutrix. Were there many people in Turnstile where you lost your veil - A. I did not see any person but the prisoner, and my sister.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
