





102. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of December
, twelve pair of boot legs, value 2 l. 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Curtis
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a currier
, I live in Red-cross street, Cripplegate


,
Q. When did you loose these boot legs. - A. I cannot say when they were lost, I am certain of their never being sold from the shop; a neighbour, Mr. Duncan, said a shoe-maker had boot legs in his possession that he suspected had been stolen.


                  JAMES 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a boot and shoe-maker, 7, Wilson street, Finsbury square. On the 17th of December, the prisoner brought the boot legs to sell, he asked six shillings a pair, I informed Mr. Duncan of them in Fore street, he brought Mr. Curtis to my house, and he owned them. I did not pay any money for them; I told him to come the next day for the money, he came the next day in the evening and was taken. The prisoner fixed eight, he did not come untill half past; I then told him if he would go into Fore-street with me, I would get a ten pound bill and pay him. He went along with me as far as the Fountain public-house in Red-cross-street, I took him into the house and called for something to drink, and left him with my friend, I went over and told Mr. 
               Curtis
             the prisoner was at the Fountain, he got an officer and had him taken into custody. The boot legs were honestly worth about seven shillings, these are them.
Prosecutor. They are my boot legs.
Mr. Alley. You did not know the prisoner I believe until you received information from the last witness. - A. No; a servant of mine lodged with him.
Q. And that servant might have stolen them and carried them to his house; you had him taken up and examined before the Lord Mayor. - A. I never saw the prisoner at my house, he is a stranger to me, my servant might have stolen them, they are in an unfinished state, they are always blacked before they are sold to the shoe-makers.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
