





375. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, three gold seals, value 1 l. a gold ring, value 2 s. and part of a steel watch chain, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Cradock
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CRADOCK
               



            . I am a working silversmith
. On the morning of the 18th of March, about one o'clock, I was in Barbican. I went on St. Patrick's day to dine with a friend of mine. We staid until near one o'clock, and coming home my friend was about five yards before me. I was a little in liquor. I was perfectly collected. I was not far from Aldersgate-street


. Some people came past me and snatched my seals. There were three or four went past me, and one of them snatched my seals, and part of my watch-chain was broken. They took part of the chain and seals. I immediately called out to my friend that I had lost my seals, and called, stop thief directly. I turned round, and ran after the people that passed me, and I believe the prisoner crossed over the way. I pursued the man that passed me, and I believe the prisoner was one of them.
Q. Have you any doubt of it - A. I cannot possibly swear to him. I think he is. Two of the seals were found afterwards.
Q. You believe that the prisoner was one of the men that past you, but you are not sure that he was the hand that took it - A. No, I cannot be certain of that. The prisoner was one of the men that passed me. I cannot be certain that he snatched the seal.
Q. You were sober before the Lord Mayor, were not you - A. Yes.
Q. You then swore that the prisoner was the man that snatched the seals - A. No, I do not know that. I am sure the prisoner is one of the men that passed me. Two or three passed me; two on one side, and the prisoner on the other side.
Q. Do not you know on which side the seals were snatched - A. I cannot swear to that. The seals were afterwards found.



                  ELIZABETH 
                  GAFFLEY
               



            . I was on the spot at the time the robbery was. I saw three men come round the corner of Aldersgate-street, into Barbican. I saw the prisoner jostle the gentleman against the wall. I saw him put his hand towards the gentleman's property. I did not see him take it. The prisoner run across the street. The gentleman followed him and cried, stop thief, and directly the officer of the night came up and seized him. The prisoner was in my sight all the time, until he was taken to the watchhouse.


                  THOMAS 
                  EADES
               



            . I was the ward beadle. I was going round with the patrol, and a man was giving information to the watchman that there were three or four men robbing of a gentleman. I sent the watchman about his business, and I and the patrol made the best of our way. I saw a mob, and I heard the cry of, stop thief; he has stole my seals. I took to the middle of the street. I saw the prisoner start from the mob, across the street, to a court where there was a gate to prevent anybody going up. The prisoner made a few steps at that spot. I laid hold of his collar, and I laid hold of his stick. He told me that the man was over the way. I wanted him to give up the stick. He struggled, and got over the way, and when he got over the way we got the stick out of his possession. He then cried out to the rest that were about him, d - n your eyes, mill away I told the patrol to draw his cutlass to keep them off, and we took him to the watchhouse.
Q. How many persons were there with him - A. There were three or four. We took him to the watchhouse, searched him, and found nothing. I afterwards went with the patrol to the spot where I took him, and there lay the chain and seals altogether. These are them. I found the whole of them at the gateway he was going up, and when the officer came to compare them, the officer said, it is not all right; there must be some part of the chain with it. He went back, and found some part of the chain.


                  JOEL 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am constable of Cripplegate Without. A quarter before two o'clock, on the 18th of March, the prisoner was brought in the watchhouse and charged by Mr. Cradock with robbing him of his two seals. I committed him to the Compter. We concluded that the seals might be throwed away. We took a lanthorn and the watchman with us, and after looking a short while Mr. Eades found the seals. I found part of the chain deficient. I went back again, and found this part of the chain. Mr. Cradock has got the other part it corresponds exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  COUZENS
               



            . On the 18th of March, as I was coming down Princes-street, in company with Eades, the beadle. We were informed by the watchman that there were some men following a gentleman. We immediately made towards Long lane. We had been but a short way before we heard the call of, stop thief; he has got my seals. I saw the prisoner by himself. We laid hold of him. He made a strong resistance in so doing; his partners came to his assistance. He said, d - n your eyes, mill away. The gentleman that had lost his seals came up. He said, that is the man that has robbed me of my seals. We secured him and took him to the watchhouse. The beadle and the officer of the night went back to see if he had dropped the property. They found the seals and part of the chain. The prosecutor said it was his property.
Prosecutor. These are my seals and chain also.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home. I heard the cry of, stop thief. There were seven or eight people running down Barbican. The constable laid hold of me, and said I was the man that robbed the gentleman. I am innocent of what I am charged with.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            

London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
