





927. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     EMERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August, 1818
, six silver table-spoons, value 4 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Luke
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  LUKE
               



            , ESQ. I live in Argyle-tree Westminster


. In August last the prisoner came to live with me as a servant
, soon after which he went with my family into the country. About ten days after he was gone I had reason to suspect him, and had him sent to town with the key of the plate-chest, which was in town. I had the plate-chest opened in his presence - it corresponded exactly with the list, but that was made out by himself; by that list it appeared that twelve table-spoons had been carried into the country. I charged him with robbing me, and threatened to send him to Marlborough-street. His father requested I would not send him, and as I was busy, on condition of his coming to me at ten o'clock next day I let him go. I did not see him again until about three days ago, when he was in custody with two of my spoons.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. He had the core of all the plate - A. Yes.


                  ELIAS 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I keep a sale-shop in Tyler-street, Golden-square. The prisoner has often sold me waistcoats and other things. He came one night, about a year ago, with some books under his arm, asked me to lend him some money, and he would leave me security. He pulled out six spoons. I said if he wanted only 1 l. or 2 l., two would be sufficient to leave with me. I lent him 2 l. He said, if he did not come back in a week the spoons were to be mine, and I was to sell them for what I pleased. I waited about two months, he never came - he had given me a false address - I sold them to my next-door neighbour for 4 l. - he left all six with me. About a month after I sold them he came to me, saying he had been to Brighton, and had failed in business. I told him I had sold his spoons, but could get them back again, for I had sold them on that condition. He said he was more in want of money than spoons, and must sell them elsewhere;and I could give him more money he should be obliged. I gave him 1 l. 16 s., and kept 4 s. for myself. I understood he had stolen them, and gave information at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the office last week; I recognized him as being the man I had information of, and asked him what he had done with the spoons he took from Dr. Luke? he said he had sold them to Simmons. I fetched Simmons to him; he told him he did not sell them to him, but he took them as security.
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to redeem them, but Simmons said he had sold them.
GUILTY. Aged 24.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
