





917. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EBBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, one-pound, ten shillings, and sixpence in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel William 
                     Pyall
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PYALL
               



            . I lost this money on the 13th of August about four o'clock in the afternoon; I saw the prisoner going round from behind my counter; on my speaking to him, he asked me if I wanted to buy any wood; I told him he had no business there; and I went round the counter and directly missed my money. The prisoner was stopped by Eleanor Werndly; he had only two bundles of wood under his arm.


                  ELEANOR 
                  WERNDLY
               



            . I saw the prisoner going round from behind the counter; I saw two bundles of wood under his arm, and I thought he might have been putting wood under the counter. I then heard him ask Mrs. Pyall if she wanted any wood, and she made answer that he had no business there. Upon that I went into the shop, and Mrs. Pyall told me to stop him, which I did; then Mr. Sellers was sent for, and he asked Mrs. Pyall if she could swear to the money; Mrs. Pyall made answer and said, if it was her money that was found upon the prisoner, she could swear to some of it. He then took it out of his pocket, and threw it on the counter, and Mrs. Pyall spoke to several shillings which she knew to be hers; and among the rest, there was a six pence which I knew to be one that I had paid to Mrs. Pyall a fortnight before. When the prisoner found that, he burst out crying, and hoped that she would forgive him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . 
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
