





312. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of March
, twenty-two sacks, value 3 l. 6 s. thirteen bags. value 10 s. two bushel of beans, value 2 l. 16 s. and eleven pounds weight of onion seed and radish seed, value 2 l. 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Field
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Child
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a City constable. On the 20th of February, I was going down Upper Thames-street, about a quarter before eight at night. I stopped a man with a small bag of radish seed; the next day before the Lord Mayor the man said he found it; that man was not the prisoner. On my going round to the different seedsmen, I found the property belonged to Messrs. Field and Child, in Thames-street. I told them I thought it was one of their porters that was robbing them. I asked them to let me question them. The prisoner was called into the accompting-house; I questioned him; he ran out of the shop; I followed him, and caught him. I got a hackney coach, and put him in; I secured his hands in the coach, and when I got him to the Compter he escaped from me again; I catched him again at the bottom of St. Swithin's-lane, in Cannon-street. He then said, if he had me in his own country he would smash my b - y head. He is an Irishman. He gave me his wrong address where he lived; the foreman knew where he lived. We went and searched his premises, and there we found twenty-two sacks, a great deal of seeds, and small bags; I took them to Messrs. Field and Child. I produce the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHILD
               



            . I am a seedsman, 119, Lower Thames-street; my partner's name is 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Field
               



            . The officer came round with a sample of the seeds that he had taken from another man; we have not the least doubt they are ours. The radish seeds have been taken round to the trade; no one could match them. The sacks produced are our property; several of them are marked. This one is marked in full length.


                  JOHN 
                  GILCHRIST
               



            . I am warehouseman to Field and Child. I took a Hackney-coach to convey these seeds, bags, and sacks, to Messrs. Field and Child's the next morning; I examined them. I found them to be the property of Field and Child. I cannot swear to the new bags; the sacks, I can; the different seeds I have compared with some samples that we have got; the samples tally one with the other, both the beans and radish.
Q. Did you go to these lodgings when the sacks were found - A. I did, and I found the wife of the prisoner in the room; I understood he was living with her at the time. She said, she expected him home at nine o'clock. He was then in custody. I have no doubt the seeds are the property of Messrs. Field and Child.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the crime that is laid to my charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
