






1049. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     HARESIGN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  HARESIGN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, four pillows, value 1 l.; five pillow-cases, value 5 s.; one bolster, value 10 s.; one bolster-case, value 1 s.; two blankets, value 1 l.; two bedside carpets, value 2 s. 6 d.; eight sheets, value 16 s.; one counterpane, value 5 s.; three curtains, value 10 s.; one table-cloth, value 2 s.; twenty-nine napkins, value 29 s.; ten towels, value 5 s.; two gold pins, value 3 s.; five shirts, value 10 s.; nineteen pair of stockings, value 19 s.; eighteen handkerchiefs, value 20 s.; three frocks, value 3 s.; six wine glasses, value 6 s.; four goblets, value 6 s.; ten knives, value 10 s.; ten forks, value 10 s., and 6 lbs. of tea, value 30 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Langley 
                     Appleyard
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 3d of July I executed a search-warrant at No. 11, Princes-row, Pimlico - I found the female prisoner in the room - she said it was her room. The prosecutor's servant was with me, and identified the property which was there; I brought it away, and apprehended her. I went there again next morning, and secured the male prisoner. I found the articles stated in the indictment there, with other things.

MRS. 
               
                  JANE 
                  MARY APPLEYARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Langley Appleyard
               



            . The female prisoner lived in our service two years and a half, and left on the 22d of May last. The property is all our's.


                  MARY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I went with the officer, and identified the property.


                  ANN 
                  HARESIGN
               



            'S Defence. A great deal of the property is mine.
ANN HARESIGN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ISAAC HARESIGN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
