





853. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, a handkerchief, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an attorney's clerk
.

 Q. Where did this happen to you - A. I was coming through Leadenhall-street


. I met with Mr. Price, the attorney. I felt my pocket-handkerchief being drawn out of my pocket.
Q. You felt it did you - A. Yes, and said to Mr. Price, I have lost my pocket-handkerchief; and while I was taking to Mr. Price, the officer came up and asked me if I had lost any thing; I said, I had lost my handkerchief with my name on it. He said, follow me, I dare say I shall find it for you. The prisoner turned down St. Mary Axe. The officer took hold of him, and found the handkerchief in his bosom; that is all I know of it.


                  JAMES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of October, before twelve o'clock, I was in Leadenhall-street; I saw the prisoner stand by an engine; he was watching every gentleman that walked by: he touched a gentleman's pocket, left him, and followed Mr. Green. I was not certain that he had robbed him. I asked Mr. Green if he had lost any thing, he said, yes, his pocket-handkerchief. I pursued the prisoner. I said, I want you, my friend; and before I accused him of taking any thing, he said, here is the handkerchief; he dropped it, and I took it up. This is the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. It is my handkerchief, it is marked G.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief was chucked to me, I took, and put it in my bosom. I did not know who it belonged to. I never took the pocket handkerchief from any one.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
