





1398. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     HARPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one umbrella, value 5 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wakeman
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WAKEMAN
               



            . I am an umbrella maker
, and live in Oxford-street


. On Saturday, the 2d of October, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was in the parlour behind my shop, and heard my boy cry out Stop thief! I ran out - he was pursuing the prisoner. I saw the prisoner strike him, and knock him down. I pursued him, and the watchman stopped him before I got up to him; he threw the umbrella down - it was picked up and put into the shop by a stranger while I was pursuing him; I did not see it in his hands, but am sure he is the person who knocked my boy down.



                  WILLIAM 
                  GOULSTON
               



            . On Saturday evening I was at the shop, and saw the prisoner and another at the window, about half-past ten o'clock, upon looking up I saw the prisoner take an umbrella, which hung up about two feet from the door; he ran away with it, and I called Stop thief! - he hid himself in a space by the next house, which is a china shop. I caught hold of him, but he struck me about the head, knocked me down, and ran off - the umbrella was thrown down between two of them; they were together. I arose, picked it up, and took it into the shop. I found him at the watch-house in about a quarter of an hour, and knew him - I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell the magistrate that you could not swear to me, and your master told you that you would get into a hobble if you did not - A. No.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a constable. About half-past ten o'clock the prisoner was brought in by Mr. Wakeman and two watchmen. Mr. Wakeman fetched the boy and umbrella, and the boy said he was the man whom he saw take it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  CONNER
               



            . I am a watchman. I apprehended the prisoner; Mr. Wakeman said he was the man. I heard the cry, and saw the mob - he got from the mob, and I took him.


                  JOHN 
                  ASSETT
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in taking the prisoner to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I am charged with stealing an umbrella of the value of 5 s., the price marked on it was 7 s. 6 d. I was going along, the lad called Stop thief! and I struck him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
