





386. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of February
, two gowns, value 4 s. and seven yards and a half of cambric, value 19 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Bloodgood 
                     Hough
                  




               
            .
ISABELLA HOUGH. My husband's name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bloodgood Hough
               



            ; he is a captain
. I live in Wellclose-square


. The prisoner was my servant
. I did not miss the articles until the prisoner was gone a week. The prisoner left me on the 10th of February; she went away before I was up in the morning, and took her box away. Some few days after she left me I missed the cambric. I did not miss any thing else until after she was taken in custody; I opened her box; I found in it a gown belonging to my daughter.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . On the 13th of April, I, in company with Hall, a fellow officer, and the prosecutrix, went to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 5, Anthony-street, St. George's; my fellow officer saw her in the yard and brought her up stairs; she had then a gown of Mrs. Hough's on her back; Hall took it off. I unlocked her box, and found this gown in it, and the duplicate of the cambric pledged at Mr. Castle's, Shadwell.


                  JOHN 
                  AYRETON
               



            . I live with Mr. Castle, pawnbroker. I produce a piece of cambric; the prisoner pawned it on the 28th of February; I lent her ten shillings on it.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I found the prisoner in the yard, and on her back was this gown. When I brought her up stairs, the prosecutrix owned it to be her property.
Prosecutrix. One gown and the cambric is my property, and the other gown is my daughter's.
Prisoner's Defence. The key was in my box; whether it was put in by mistake I do not know.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
