





369. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, a cask, value 5 s. and six gallons of rum, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Venus
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Venus
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a wine porter to Messrs. Joseph and 
               
                  William 
                  Venus
               



            , every thing I take out, I am answerable to them for it.
Q. Whose cask is this - A. Messrs. Venus's, the cask was to be returned to them after the goods were turned out. On the 13th of February, I had to call at the Crown and Anchor


; I had a cask of rum in the cart in the street, at the time I was in there the cask was stolen off the cart, when I went out to claim the property the prisoner knocked me down; this was about two in the afternoon.
Q. Did you ever see the cask again - A. Yes, the cask leaked with the man throwing it down; we were obliged to get another cask to put the liquor in. when I came out, my cart was there, and the prisoner was there. I saw the cask about two yards off the cart, the prisoner was taken into custody, I saw him next at the office.


                  JAMES 
                  GOOD
               



            . I was just gone into the public house; I was looking out of the window, I saw the prisoner with the cag upon his knees, he had his foot upon the wheel, then the prisoner was close to the wheel of the cart, I looked round in the tap room and said, there is a man wants help, I went out, and directly the carman claimed the cag as his property the prisoner instantly knocked him down, and before he could get up, he knocked him down again, and with an oath, he said he would knock his brains out, I pulled the prisoner off, the prisoner went from one to another, after that I took him before the magistrate. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I will tell you the truth, I was coming down Long acre


, and when I came within a yard or two of the cart one of Mr. Delafield's drays ran against the wheel of the cart that made the barrell fall off, the man struck me, and I struck him.



               GUILTY
             aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury; before Mr. Justice Heath.
