






269. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, one saucepan, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Childs
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHILDS
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live at North Horton-street


. I was standing in a room adjoining my shop on the evening of the 12th of January, when 
               
                  William 
                  Barrett
               



             brought the prisoner Perry into the shop, with the saucepan.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the evening of the 12th of January, I was in company with Woodroffe and Barrett. We observed the prisoner Perry in company with another, in Soho. Presently the prisoner Johnson came from Comptonstreet, and joined them; they went through different places, trying various shops, until they came to the prosecutor's. They then walked to and fro before the door. Barret, I, and Woodroffe concealed ourselves. The two prisoners stood outside while the other man went in and brought out something like s copper saucepan; but we could not distinctly see, as we were a considerable distance off. Woodroffe followed that man, and the two prisoners stopped behind. We did not take them then, in hopes that the other man might again join them. The two prisoners walked round Park-lane, and through the square to the prosecutor's house again. After being there some time, both prisoners went into the shop; then they came out; I was standing at the square end of the street, and Woodroffe and Barret at the other end. Before I could get up to them, Barret had got Perry, who had chucked a saucepan away, and was fighting with him. I called him by his name, and told him to be quiet. We did not take Johnson until two days after. He made his escape, and I found him at the Wheatsheaf, Drury-lane. As we followed them, it rained dreadfully, and we were wet through.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRET
               



            . I am not an officer. On the 12th of last month, I was in company with Johnson and Woodroffe. Knowing the two prisoners and the other man, we followed them. They made several attempts at a number of shops, and when they came to the prosecutor's, they walked to and fro; the account Johnson has given is perfectly correct. I caught Perry with the saucepan. He made great reresistance, but I took him into the shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOODROFFE
               



            . I went after the man who is not in custody, but could not overtake him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

PERRY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
JOHNSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
