





276. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERRYN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, one clock, value 30s. and one picture, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Harry 
                     Philiips
                  




               
            .


                  MOSES 
                  COHEN
               



            . I am a broker and salesman; I know the prisoner at the bar; I received from him a duplicate of a clock, about a fortnight before last Christmas. I afterwards went after the clock to the pawnbrokers, in Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place; it was Mr. Daubrise's; I got a clock there, and afterwards I pawned the same clock at the same place; I gave the duplicate to the pawnbroker when I redeemed it. Afterwards when I pawned it again, I gave the duplicate to the prisoner.


                  HARRY 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an auctioneer
. The prisoner had been in my employ two or three years I look at this clock. It was mine, It was in my own room. I had bought it for my private use, but had not used it. I did not miss it until I had received some information. I got it from Daubrise's. I asked the prisoner if he knew any thing of the clock, and he said, he was sorry to say he did. I then asked him where he had pledged it, but he would not acknowledge. I had a subsequent conversation with him, in which he acknowledged having given the duplicate of the clock to Cohen, and getting it back again, and where he pledged it. I also lost a picture. It was of some value; I should not like to have parted with it under 100l.


                  RAYMOND 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am a Clerk in the employ of Mr. Phillips. I left his service. I absconded, and went to Calais. I was followed thither, and brought back. After my return, I made a disclosure, which led to the discovery of the greater part of the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Pooley. When I absconded. I took goods to the amount of several thousands. I had not taken the goods in question, but had connived at the stealing. I was present at some thefts, and other I partook of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
