





548. 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  FOX
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, a sack, value 3 s. and four bushels of oats, value 13 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Adam 
                  Mantz
               



             and 
               
                  Gotliff 
                  Smith
               



            .
ANOTHER COUNT, for like offence, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William George 
                     Cook
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM GEORGE COOK. I am a stable-keeper
, in High-street, Shadwell


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do, well; he keeps a horse and cart
. On the 19th of April, I employed him to bring a quantity of oats from Mantz and Smith at Wapping-wall; he was to bring the oats to my stables in King David-lane; that is behind my dwelling-house, in Shadwell High-street. I saw him bring the last load. I gave him directions to take one quarter to Mr. Fox, and another to Mr. Barford; they were to be delivered out of the last load. One quarter is two sacks.
Q. What was the last load that he brought - A. Six sacks. By sending him to these men, I expected he would be back in a quarter of an hour. I was standing at the top of a court, waiting for him; I saw him coming down the open road; he must have gone three quarters of a mile out of the way to where he delivered the oats I went up to him, and asked him if he had brought the empty sacks back; he replied, he had. I stopped some time while he saddled a horse for an opposite neighbour, and as soon as the horse was taken out of the cart, I took my four empty sacks out. I then found a sack of oats lay down in the cart length ways, near the front board, and the empty sacks had been put over it to conceal it. I said, Stephen, you have a sack of oats here; he answered, yes, I bought them of Mr. Kent. I am confident there were only four sacks in the cart when he set off. I trusted him to deliver the oats, without any observation.


                  ADAM 
                  MANTZ
               



            . My partner's name is Gotliff Smith; we are general merchants

; I live 77, Wapping-wall.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner coming to your premises to carry some corn to Mr. Cook - A. Yes; the first and second load I was not present at the delivery. He came for the third load; there was a wrangle between the meter and the porters, theywanted to put fourteen sacks in his cart; there were thirteen sacks in his cart.
Q. Did he say how many sacks there were in his cart - A. Yes; the prisoner said, the first load I had fourteen, the second load twelve, and now I have thirteen. I was very particular about it. When he fetched the fourth, I was in the ship; he said, Mr. Mantz, I had only twelve sacks in the third load; I answered, you certainly had thirteen. I was busy. I said, I do not think Mr. Cook would cheat me of a sack of oats. He pressed me so much about it, I gave it up. The fourth load should consist only of eleven sacks; I allowed him twelve, because he said, he was one short before. I counted the fourth load, when there only should have been eleven. I saw a sack at the office, that was one of the forty sacks that he had loaded that day.
GOTLIFF SMITH. I am partner with 
               
                  Adam 
                  Mantz
               



            . I counted the third load; there were thirteen sacks, no more nor no less; there were twelve sacks right up, and one across.


                  JAMES 
                  HIGH
               



            . I am ostler to Mr. Cook. I was at home at the time the prisoner brought the third load; there were twelve sacks; he said, he ought to have thirteen; there were only twelve. I did not see him bring the next load.


                  MARGARET 
                  NORMAN
               



            , AND 
               
                  MARY 
                  NORMAN
               



            , were called, and not appearing in Court, their recognizances were ordered to be estreated.


                  RALPH 
                  HOPE
               



            . I produce a sample of the corn I took from the prisoner's stable, and a sample from a sack in Mr. Cook's possession.
Mr. Cook. This is the sack I found in the prisoner's cart.
Hope. This sack was found in the prisoner's corn place.
MR. KENT. I am a corn-dealer, in Ratcliffe Highway. I never sold the prisoner a sack of corn; I have sold him half a peck, or a bushel.
Q.to Mr. Mantz. Look at that sack found in the prisoner's stable - A. It is our sack; we marked it in the morning, when it went out in the morning, it being quite new and unmarked. I am sure that is one of the sacks that constituted the loads that the prisoner carried out.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
