






369. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WHITELOCK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     WHITELOCK
                  , alias 
                     
HANNAH SMITH





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of April
, three lb. wt. of lead, value 1 s. 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Mulcahy
                  




               
            .


                  PATRICK 
                  MULCAHY
               



            . I am a milkman
, No. 30, East Smithfield


. The prisoners lodged with me in the garret. On the 3d of April, both the prisoners came down stairs, and said they were floating with water. I went up stairs to their room, and saw the room was floating with water; I saw the lead was gone from the top of the house; I told them one or the other of them must have taken it; I saw the lead was fresh cut; I went to the Magistrate, got an officer who searched their room, and part of the lead was found in the bed before the Magistrate. The woman prisoner said she stole the lead; she told where she sold it at different times; she got 5 s. 9 d. at one time, and 1 s. 3 d. the other time. Nobody could go up to take it without their knowing it.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . On the 3d of this month, I searched the prisoners' room. In the bed clothes, this piece of gutter lead, I fitted it to the gutter, it tallied exactly; I took both the prisoners into custody before the Magistrate; the woman prisoner confessed that she and a soldier that lived in the next room cut the lead off, and that 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Whitelock
               



             knew nothing of it.


                  Samuel 
                  Whitelock
               



             was not put on his defence.


                  Hannah 
                  Whitelocke
               



            's Defence. On the 21st of March the soldier that lived in the next room to me, he said he saw a bit of lead that was loose: he went and borrowed a chopper, and cut it off. I own to selling it, not to cutting it off. Samuel knew nothing of it; he was at work at the time.
SAMUEL WHITELOCK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
HANNAH WHITELOCK - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
