





968. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ROBERTSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of August
, a frock, unmade, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Marlow
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Marlow
                        



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am an ironer; I work for Mrs. Marlow, a laundress, at Lisson-green. I left her at one o'clock to go to my dinner. I met 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Marlow
               



             in the New-road, about two o'clock; she had a new frock under her arm, unmade. She was going to school. In about half an hour afterwards she returned; the frock was then gone. I saw the prisoner about seven o'clock; I charged her with taking the frock from her: she then delivered it up to me.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MARLOW
               



            . I am about eleven yearsold. I was going to school about two o'clock; I had my sister's frock under my arm; I was going to make it; I met with the prisoner; she asked me to go up Lisson-grove


 with her. I went with her. She said, if I would come a little further she would give me a halfpenny. She then gave me a halfpenny to fetch a halfpennyworth of cherries; she asked me to let her hold the frock while I got the cherries. I did, and then I went to top of Stingo-lane, and when I came back the woman was gone and the frock too.
Q. Would you let her have the frock if you had not thought that she would keep it for you - A. No, I would not.
Prosecutrix. This is the same frock the child was going to take to school.
Prisoner's Defence. A woman gave me the frock.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
