






1505. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES WILLIAM 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               that they, about in the night of the 28th of September
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Allford
                        




                     
                  , did steal therein, two pillow-cases, value 1s., five prints, value 3s.; two sheets, value 12s.; and one waistcoat, value 5s., his property-and afterwards, about the same hour of the same night, burglariously did break the said dwelling-house to get out of the same
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating them to have been in a lodging-room.
ELIZA ALLFORD. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Allford
               



            , we live in Featherstone-street, Clty-road


, and let lodgings. On the 27th of September, between five and six o'clock inthe evening, the prisoners came to our house, asked if we did not let lodgings, and desired to look at them. I said, I did not like to shew them at night, but they might see them in the morning. Between twelve and one o'clock next day, Watts came, and I shewed them to him; he said they would do very well, and asked if they could come in that evening? We came down to my husband-the prisoner, Watts, said they were carpenters, and had got a job for four months, in the Curtain-road.
Court. Q. Was the lodging to be taken for the two - A. Yes, it was a joint taking. My husband said he was very particular who he let them to, and asked for a reference - He referred him to George-walk, Vauxhall. My husband said it was Saturday, and he could not go there that day. Watts said, he was going there on Sunday, and they could walk together. He said he would bring a chest of tools in, which would satisfy us for more than a week's rent-my husband agreed to take them in. They came between eleven and twelve o'clock that night, I let them in - They had each a bundle; I gave them a light - They were to pay 5s. a week-my husband was not at home; the windows were all shut. About eight o'clock the next morning, my child was coming from over the way, saw the windows were open, and the curtains blowing about-my husband went up.
JOHN ALLFORD. I am the husband of the last witness. I saw the prisoner, Watts about the lodgings; he referred me to Vauxhall; we were to go there the next morning together - I agreed to let them. I came home about twelve o'clock, and fastened the door. The next morning I received information, went up stairs, and tapped at the door; no answer was made. I went in, found the window open, the prisoners gone, and the articles stated in the indictment - They never returned. I saw Martin at the watch-house at one o'clock that day. About three weeks after, Watts was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a watchman in Baltic-street, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On the 28th of September, about one o'clock in the morning, I heard the cry of Stop thief! about 150 yards from the prosecutor's house, and stopped the prisoner, Martin, who was running; he had two sheets and a bed curtain, round his body, under his clothes.
JOHN USTONSON. When Wild brought Martin into the watch-house, I found two pillow-cases in his hat, and two pictures in his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and went to a house in Water-lane, Fleet-street, to inquire for Watts, his sister was there, and denied him. I took a child off a turn-up bedstead in the room, and found him under it. I asked him why he went there? he said, he understood there was a warrant against him for bastardy. I found nothing upon him.
THOMAS VANN. I am a constable; I was with Turner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MARTIN'S Defence. The other man said the things were his.
WATTS - GUILTY. Aged 24.
MARTIN - GUILTY. Aged 28.




               On the Second Count only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
