





1049. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  HILDRETH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, a gold chain, value 1 l. three seals, value 30 s. and one watch-key, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Briggs
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I live at No. 9, Great Portland-street. I was coming across St. Martin's-lane


, on the night in the indictment, perfectly sober; I was going home, in company with Mr. Ricketts; I saw several persons coming in a crowd through St. Martin's-court; I plainly distinguished the prisoner among them; he passed me on the right hand, and looked me very full in the face, and at the same instant, made a snatch at my watch; the last link of the chain, next the watch, broke, leaving the watch in my fob. I instantly turned round, and made a blow at him with a stick; instantly I heard him drop it. I immediately said, Mr. Ricketts, he has dropped it; pick it up. The prisoner then ran round and round, and the other people ran across me, and knocked the stick out of my hand. I pursued the prisoner, and took him, and delivered him to a watchman.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RICKETTS
               



            . I happened to be walking with the last witness, just at the end of St. Martin's-court. I saw this business. Mr. Briggs said, he has dropped it. The prisoner ran away. I said, never mind, follow up your man, and take him; which he did. It was impossible for the prisoner to have got out of our sight. We never got the chain or seals since.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
