





887. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, two table-spoons, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William George 
                           Wallis
                        



                     
                  ; and one shawl, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Lockhart
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE WALLIS
               



            . I keep the Jacob's Well, public-house, in Barbican




. I employed the prisoner, who was loitering about the street, to clean some windows
 on the 22d of May, the next day he went away without saying anything, or finishing his work. I missed the shawl and spoons.


                  JANE 
                  LOCKHART
               



            . I am servant
 to the prosecutor. I lost my shawl out of the drawer with the spoons.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in London-wall. I have a table-spoon, pledged on the 23d of May, but I do not know who pledged it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 23d of May the prisoner pledged a table-spoon with me for eight shillings. I believe him to be the man. He has had his head shaved since, which alters his appearance.


                  JAMES 
                  FOREST
               



            . I lived at the Cock and Magpie, in Drury-lane, the prisoner was in the habit of coming there; he came and asked me to pledge a shawl, which I did, in Drury-lane, and he gave me the duplicate of the two spoons.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TERRY
               



            . On the 30th of May Forrest brought me the two duplicates of the spoons. I found them at the pawnbrokers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
