





637. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, one bed, value 15 s.; one bolster, value 3 s.; two blankets, value 8 s.; two sheets, value 5 s.; one saucepan, value 1 s.; one pair of bellows, value 1 s.; one counterpane, value 2 s., and one shovel, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Wilde
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY 
                  WILDE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wilde
               



            , we live in Featherstone-street, City-road. I let the prisoner a lodging at No. 10, James's-court


 on the 18th of January, on the first floor, furnished, at 4 s. 6 d. a week - she continued there till the 1st of February, I then asked her for my rent; she said I should have it presently. I went again on the Monday, and asked her if all the things were in the room? she said Yes, but would not let me go in to see - she ran up the court. I had the door forced open, and found all the articles stated in the indictment gone - the room was stripped of every thing; she never returned. I met her in Petticoat-lane on the 9th of February, and took hold of her arm; she beat me, and called to some persons, who tried to rescue her, but I kept my hold, and gave her in charge.
Prisoner. Q. Do you not let the houses out to bad girls - A. No. The prisoner is a prostitute, but I did not know it till after she had left.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I lodge with the prosecutor. On the 1st of February I saw the prisoner go out. I heard something soon after, and had the door broken open.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix keeps a bad house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
