







693. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, one handkerchief, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hayman
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  HANNAH 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am shopwoman to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hayman
               



            , who is a widow, and keeps a clothes shop
 in Tabernacle-walk


. One of the prisoners came into the shop, I do not know which, and asked if I sold tape? I said No. He went out, and I missed the handkerchief in a few minutes.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am a type-founder. On the 10th of March I was going along Tabernacle-walk, and saw the three prisoners together in company - they walked very slow. I passed them, and heard Miller say,
"there is one in the window." I watched, and saw them go to the prosecutor's shop, and look in, they then passed - Williams came back, went into the shop, and stopped there two minutes; I saw him come out with the silk handkerchief in his hand, he ran off down a street, I ran round another street to meet him, through a court - immediately as I got into the court, the other two prisoners ran against me. I followed them up Paul-street into Clifton-street, and saw them looking into a corn-chandler's window; I passed them, and went into a shop to watch them. I saw Crawley doing something to his breeches - they then passed the corn-chandler's three times, one went in and the other two followed. I went in, and found nobody in the shop but a little girl - I shut them all in together - they wanted to get out, but I would not let them. In a few minutes I sent for a constable, who took them. They were searched, and the handkerchief found in Crawley's breeches - he had joined them in Clifton-street.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am an officer. I searched Crawley, and found the handkerchief in his breeches.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CRAWLEY'S Defence. I bought it of a Jew.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
