






825. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BAKER, alias 
HOWARD





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of July
, a dress, value 5 s. a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. five pair of stockings, value 6 s. a table-cover, value 2 s. a pillow-case, value 2 s. a counterpane, value 10 s. seven silver spoons, value 14 s. a handkerchief, value 6 s. a pair of sheets, value 10 s. a pair of blankets, value 10 s. and a tablecloth, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Linfitt
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LINFITT
               



            . I live at the Bell tavern, in Foster-lane, Cheapside


. The prisoner lived with me a servant
 five months; she left my service on the 24th of June; I did not miss my property until I was informed she had them in her possession. On the 27th of July, I learned she lived at Mr. Blunts', at the Belvidere, Pentonville; I went there with Wilson, the officer; I was shewn into a room where she slept by the waiter; the prisoner was in the room with the officer, the waiter, and myself.
Q. Did you see her do any thing - A. I saw her attempt to leap out of the window, the officer pulled her back. In that room I found a pair of blankets, and several other things; the officer took charge of them; a silk handkerchief, a gown, and a duplicate were found while I was present. I went with the duplicate, and found the property; I took the prisoner with me, and the duplicate, and found the property at the pawnbrokers at Islington.
Q. What property did you find there - A. Only one tea-spoon at that time. I knew the tea-spoon was mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLUNT
               



            . I keep the Belvidere, Pentonville, The prisoner was my servant in July last. On the 27th of July, the officer, and the last witness came to my house.
Q. Did you go up to the room where the prisoner slept - A. I went up when the officer was searching her box, the prisoner was there; Mr. Linfitt owned some things the officer found in the prisoner's box.
Q. Did any other servant sleep in the same room - A. Yes, her name is Branwell.
Q. The box which the officer was searching was it the other servant's box, or the prisoner's box - A. The prisoner's box. The officer took the prisoner away. I locked the door that nobody should go in, and I kept the key. On Wednesday morning, between nine and ten, I went up into the room to examine it again; I did not suffer the other servant to sleep in that room. I searched her box; I found some more things, a red pocket-book at the bottom of the box; in that pocket-book were some duplicates; I gave that pocket-book to the officer. Then Mrs. Linfitt and the officer came to my house to see if they could find any more property; they found some more things in the prisoner's box, in that room. I kept the door locked, and I kept the key.
Q. Did you receive any thing from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Elwall
               



             - A. A pair of sheets, and other things, they were claimed by Mrs. Linfitt; I took them to Worship-street office.


                  MARY 
                  ELWALL
               



            . Q. Did you produce a pair of sheets to Mr. Blunt - A. I did; on the 29th of July last; I received the sheets from 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Baker
               



            , I was to wash them.


                  MARY 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 10th of June the prisoner brought me half a dozen silver tea-spoons; she asked me to pawn them; one she gave me; I pledged five of them at Mr. Wildman's, Islington, for ten shillings.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of July I apprehended the prisoner at the Belvidere; she was servant there. The waiter shewed me the room where she slept. I took the prisoner and Mrs. Linfitt into her room. There was only one bed in the room; the prisoner said it was her room. Between the bed and the sacking I found a pair of blankets; they were claimed by Mr. Linfitt. I found a silk handkerchief and a cambric dress; they were in the room, but I cannot now say whether they were found in the box or on the bed, because the prisoner attempted to throw herself out of the window. I prevented her. It was the upper room, the four pair, I believe. I searched the room again the next day; the prosecutrix was there; I found several articles that she claimed. On Wednesday the 28th, I received the pocket-book of the prosecutor at the Bell inn, Noble-street, and one silver spoon. I went with the prosecutrix on Saturday, the 31st, I received this pair of sheets of Mr. Blunt at the office. The pawnbroker has the spoon; they are here.
(The spoons produced.)
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Linfitt
               



            . Look at these things that the officer produces - A. I have seen them before; I know them all to be my husband's property, and the spoons are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I never pawned any thing in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
