





1269. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIFFIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d. of August
, the sum of 14s., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Jeremiah 
                        Marney
                     



                  , from the person of Bridget his wife
            .


                  BRIDGET 
                  MARNEY
               



            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Marney
               



            , who is a labourer
. On the 2d of August I was in Covent-garden market


-the money was loose in my pocket. I stopped to take up my basket; there was a great crowd. A boy asked me if I had any money? I felt, and missed all I had. The prisoner was pointed out to me; I followed him, and told him to give me my money, as it was all that I had. He asked me how I dare ask him for my money? He was secured and searched, and two half-crowns were found in one hand, some more in the other, and 3s. 6d. in his mouth.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I had 14s. - three half-crowns, and the rest in shillings. I had pledged my clothes for the money. I always said I lost 14s.


                  JOHN 
                  FANNER
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Wild-street. I was in the market about seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prosecutrix there. The prisoner and another boy stood by her-the prisoner was on one side, soon after he came in the middle. The prosecutrix stooped to take up her basket; I saw a hand drawn from her pocket - I did not know which of them it was; it was one of the boys; they walked on about four yards. I asked her if she had lost her money? she felt, and asked me who it was? I told her I saw a hand come out of her pocket-two of the boys ran away. As soon as the prisoner was taken she took her money from him. He said,"Mrs. Marney, let go; I have taken no money from any person."
Cross-examined. I saw the prisoner until the time he was taken. She did not miss the money till I asked her. She said she had lost the pear-box, with the money in it.


                  JOHN 
                  TREBUT
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the cry of"Stop him! he has picked the woman's pocket." The prisoner ran against me; I seized him, and asked what money he had about him? he said he had no money about him whatever. I found two half-crowns in his left hand. one half-crown, and 1s. in his pocket; he attempted to swallow something; I found 3s. 6d. in his mouth - He denied having any money in his mouth. The prosecutrix said she put her money in a box, but the box opened, and the money was loose in her pocket.
Cross-examined. I asked him why he said he had no money? he said he knew I was going to rob him, and swear his life away. He did not say it was his own money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
