





352. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, from the person of Augustus Daubiguis, one pocket-book, value 1s.; and one 30l. bank-note
            , the property of the said 
               
                  
                     Augustus 
                     Daubiguis
                  




               
            , against the statute.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  DAUBIGNIS
               



            . I am a French teacher
. On the 14th of January, about twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in St. Giles's. I was rather intoxicated. I went home with her, and staid there about five minutes, it was in Lazaruscourt


; nobody else was in the room. I had my pocket-book safe then, it had a 30l. bank-note in it. I do not know whether I gave her any thing or not. There was no light in the room. I did not like the house, and she suffered me to go away. When I got out I missed my pocket-book. I had got to the top of Queen-street, Bloomsbury, where I lived. The next day, I gave information at Bow-street, and stopped the note at the bank, it was No. 7,899, and had my hand-writing on it. I saw it at Bow-street, about three days afterwards. I am sure the prisoner is the woman.
WILLIAM CRICKET. I am a salesman, and live in the Minories. On the 15th of December, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner and another woman, came to my house, and bought two pelises and three silk handkerchiefs, which came to 4l. together; they appeared to be meanly dressed. The prisoner gave me a 30l. note, I gave her 26l. in change. I asked her where she got the note; she said, she lodged with a man who had received it as prize-money, and had given them leave to spend 4l.; she said, he would want some things himself, and I gave her a card of my shop. She gave me the name of Smith, Newman-street, Deptford, to put on the note. I gave her one 10l. note and one 5l. note in change, and therest in 1l. notes. Salmon, the officer, came to me the next morning, and produced my card; and asked me, if I had taken a 30l. note - I told him I had; he produced some notes, I knew the 10l. note and the 5l., and will swear, that I gave the 10l. note to the prisoner. (I produce the 30l. note, which I took of the prisoner.)
AUGUSTUS DOUBIGNIS. It has my hand-writing on it. I took it of Mr. Dick.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in Rose-court, St. Giles's. I told her what I apprehended her for, and asked her, if she had got any money about her, she said, she had not; I found a 1l. and a 5l. note, in her bosom, I apprehended another woman with her, and found Cricket's card on her, which led me to go to him; he produced the note which agreed with the description which the prosecutor gave him; the prosecutor swore to the prisoner directly he saw her, I produce the notes found on her.
CRICKIT. I know the 5l. note, by the letters R. C. over the 5. I took it of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Coleman
               



            , I am sure it is the note.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the note on the bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
