







985. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CREMER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     REW
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARWOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 78lbs. of copper, value 3l., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Salwey
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. and fixed to a house of his, the prisoners having no title or claim of title to it
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MICHOD
               



            . I am agent to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Salwey
               



            , Esq. of Ludlow, and live at Stratford-grove, Essex; he is the owner of a building, which was formerly a brewhouse, and was covered with copper. I received information, went there, and found a considerable quantity of copper taken away, and two pieces rolled up ready to be taken away, which were marked. I also marked a great quantity that remained fixed to the building, and set a watch on the premises. The copper has since been removed from the roof.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I was with Mr. Michod, and marked the copper on Saturday night, and watched the premises. On Monday night, about twelve o'clock, I heard a great noise on the roof - They were tearing the copper up; we waited at the end of the house, the three prisoners came down, I secured Rew first, the patrol and I followed the other two-Harwood jumped into a cellar, Cremer was secured, and then we went down and took Harwood in the cellar. When we first rushed upon them they each had a bundle of copper. When we brought them out there was an attempt to rescue them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GALLAWAY
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I was watching with Shields, and heard the copper being ripped from the roof. I secured Cremer - He threw a bundle of copper away.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I assisted in securing Cremer, with the copper, they threw it away; one of the prisoners came out of the window.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a patrol. I took Rew - He threw the copper at me. All of them had copper. As we were taking them to the watch-house they made great resistance. I was obliged to draw my cutlass. I am sure they are the men. There were four others outside.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CREMER'S Defence. Two men asked me to go and help them to carry the stuff away.
REW'S Defence. It is as he has said.
CREMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
REW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
HARWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
