





286. 
               
                  
                     CLARA 
                     TICKNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 1 l.; three seals, value 3 l.; one key, value 2 s., and one shirt-pin, value 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Fletcher
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am clerk at a banking-house in the city
. On the 12th of January, a little after twelve o'clock at night, I was in the Strand with a friend, and met the prisoner and another woman - we went up a court, and in about five minutes she left me very abruptly, which made me suspect her. I felt, and missed my watch. We detained the other girl, and took her to the watch-house. I described the prisoner to the watchman, and in about half an hour she was brought in with the watch. My shirt-pin was also taken.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not give it to me - A. No; I had money about me.
ROBERT GREAVES. I was with Mr. Fletcher. The prisoner and another girl accosted the prosecutor - she walked up Round-court with him - I stood in the Strand with the other girl. In about five minutes I went up the court, and met him coming down - he said he missed his watch. The prisoner was taken in about half an hour.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor described the prisoner to me - I found her at the corner of Chandos-street with another girl - she saw me, and ran off. I secured her in St. Martin's-lane, and found the watch and pin in her hand, inside her glove.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the watch to pledge for 10 s., as he had no money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
