





1509. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 80lbs. of lead, value 1l., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bramwell
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a certain building of his.
WILLIAM BRAMWELL. I am a wine-merchant
, and live at Paddington. On the 16th of October, I was repairing a house in Thatched-place, Camden-town


, which was mine. I found the lead-work of the cistern in the front area cut all round, and taken away; part of it was left. I went to Mr. Earley, the plumber, and told him. He said there was a man in custody for stealing it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EARLEY
               



            . I am a plumber. I went to look at the cistern. I saw the lead that was taken away at the watch-house.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DYKE
               



            . On the 12th of October, about eight o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner, with another lad. They passed me. There was a boy looking at them. I went home with a sack which I had with me, then returned and followed them. They saw me, and the prisoner threw some lead through a broken railing, in two bundles, and ran away. I pursued them about thirty yards, but finding they got a-head of me, I returned and got the bundles out of the railings. I took one bundle to the watch-house. The watchman was calling past eight o'clock. I got a light and found the other bundle of lead, and took that to the watch-house. Each man had a bundle of lead; they weighed 84lbs. together. I am certain the prisoner was one of them. I have known him three years.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. They were about fifty yards from the house.
JOSEPH EARLEY. The lead belonged to the cistern. I fitted it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
