





943. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 60 yards of gingham, value 3l.; 76 yards of muslin. value 3l.; 18 yards of calico, value 9s.; three yards of wrapper, value 3s.; two muslin dresses, value 1l. 4s.; one muslin robe, value 1l. 5s.; 36 handkerchiefs, value 3l.; and 38 candles, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Walford
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert Brickhold 
                     Gardner
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hincksman
                  



               
            .


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a marshalman. On the 27th of May, in the evening, I went with Mr. Hincksman to the Rose and French Horn, in Wood-street, kept by Mr. Perch, and searched the one-pair back room, where the prisoner lodged, and found the articles stated in the indictment there-some of them in the cupboard, and some in hat-boxes. I waited there sometime, the prisoner did not come in while I was there. I was informed that he was in Hart-street; I followed, took him in Monkwell-street, and brought him into the back parlour. I told him I took him for robbing his master-he was agitated, but said nothing. I found five cravats in his coat-pocket, two yards and a half of jaconet muslin, and five duplicates. I returned to the public-house, and found the key of the cupboard where the goods were, in his possession. Mrs. Perch gave me six yards of black and white gingham, sixteen yards of calico, 15-16ths of jaconet, and one handkerchief. Sarah Gable gave me two dresses, six yards of gingham, and a handkerchief.


                  MARY 
                  PERCH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Perch
               



            , who keeps the Rose and French Horn, public-house. The prisoner came to lodge in our house about the 19th of May, in the one-pair back-room, which Harrison searched. He brought one deal box and two hat-boxes with him. I gave him the key of the closet-he said he lived with the prosecutors. I bought a piece of calico wrapper of him, which he said were his perquisites. He said he had just left his situation. He left a piece of gingham with me - He asked me to buy it; I did not want it.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  WALFORD
               



            . I am in partner


ship with Robert Brickhold Gardener, and 
               
                  John 
                  Hincksman
               



            , we live in Watling-street


 - the prisoner came into our service as porter
, in July, 1817, and left us in May last. I discharged him. When he left us I asked for his address; he gave me, "No. 6, Whitecross-alley, Finsbury-square." While he lived with us we did not miss any goods; we are not likely to miss them. I have examined the goods. I went to the prisoner, and asked him how long he had been in the habit of robbing us? he said, "not quite two months." He said he had stolen two pieces of gingham, two pieces of cambric muslin, and eighteen cravats. He begged of me not to prosecute him. The property is worth about 20l.


                  SARAH 
                  GABLE
               



            . I am a servant, and live in York-place, City-road. I was acquainted with the prisoner - He told me he lived with the prosecutors. I gave the officer a bundle of things which he gave me. I bought them all of him, except the dress - He was courting me.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sadler, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Aldersgate-street. Some muslin was pledged with me for 7s., I do not know who by.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  M'BEATH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cameron, pawnbroker, Strand. The prisoner pledged six handkerchiefs with me in the name of John Field, Fleet-street.


                  PRIOR 
                  BUNTING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Skinner-street. I have six handkerchiefs pledged with me, I do not know who by.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I found the duplicates of the things on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought several of them of a hawker.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
