





261. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of January
, one coach glass, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                     Dyke
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                  COLE
               



            . I am coach man to 
               
                  Thomas
                  Dyke
               



            . He has a county house at Battersea. On the 10th of January I drove my master to Mr. Wright's at Stockvell; I afterwards went to the Falcon public house, with my fellow-servant. At night, as I was backing the carriage, the door flew open, and I went to look at the door. I saw one glass was gone. I have seen the glass since. I am sure it is my masters's glass. The lace and the lining is the same; a coachmaker would charge two guineas for the glass.


                  WILLIAM
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On Wednesday the 11th of January, in the morning, I saw the prisoner opposite to the Admiralty. He went to Cockspur-street; he then turned back, and went down Spring Gardens into St. James's Park. I went up to him, and asked him what he had got there; he said nothing. I took it from him; I said it appears to be a coach glass; he said it was, he was going to make a shilling or two for himself, being out of work. I took him to Bow-street office. I asked where he got it from; he said a man gave it him that morning, four miles this side of Croydon he said he did not know the man that gave it him, I have the glass ever since. This is the glass.
Cole. I am sure it is my master's glass, the lace and the lining are the same.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
