






606. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of April
, a coat, value 5 s. five waistcoats, value 15 s. a pair of trowsers, value 30 s. a pair of breeches, value 20 s. three pair of drawers, value 2 s. twenty-four pair of stockings, value 24 s. and nineteen handkerchiefs, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Colbin 
                     Hodson
                  




               
            ,


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLBIN HODSON
               



            . I live at No. 17, Baltic-street, Old Street-road. On the 24th of April, I lost this wearing apparel particularized in the indictment, at the Cross Keys, in Gracechurch-street


; I was going by the Woolwich coach; the prisoner, Richards engaged me as a servant
. Richards applied to me on the 5th, of April, in consequence of an advertisement I put in the papers; he came to me, and said, he wanted to engage me for a friend of his; he mentioned no name, any more than he said it was at Woolwich. When we came to Gracechurch-street, the prisoner went into the Spread Eagle, and he came out, and said, we must go over to the Cross Keys, the coach is there. I took my box myself; I put my box down on a step at a door, and carried it into the passage of the coffee-room; he asked the waiters if the box would be safe; they said, yes. I left my box in the passage, as the waiters said it would be safe. I sat down on the opposite side to the prisoner; he talked about my character. He called for a glass of negus; he paid for it, and gave the waiter two-pence; presently after, the Woolwich coachman went up the passage, and gave notice that the coach was ready, and asked whose coach I wanted. The waiter came into the coffee-room, and said to Richards, is there a gentleman going to Woolwich; the coachman also said to him, are you going to Woolwich; no, he said; what do you ask me such a foolish question; the coachman took no notice, but left us. The prisoner said, he would go by the next coach, a quarter before eight. He then asked me, if I had any white stockings; (I had boots on,) he said, you will not want boots, as the place I was to go to was a tavern. I told him I had plenty of white stockings. He said, there is one thing yet to be mentioned, that is, have you any white aprons; I said, if I want aprons, I can soon get them. Soon after this, Clark came in with a note to Richards; Richards looked at the note, and asked the prisoner, Clark to come inside the house. By their conversation, I learned that it was a bill. Clark went out; my trunk was still before me. After Clark went out, Richards called for a sheet of paper, and wrote a note, and wished me to take the note to a Mr. Jones, in Bull and Mouth-street, and ask him for his box coat, and in the mean while, he would go into the Poultry to search more into my character. On coming out of the room, he said to the waiter, take care of these things, let nobody have them, (pointing to my trunk,) they will be very safe here, will not they waiter; the waiter said, perfectly safe. We came out of the house together, he to go into the Poultry, and I to Bull and Mouth-street; he stopped at the gateway, and told me not to be long, or else I should lose the coach. I made the best of my way, but could not find Mr. Jones; there was no such person there. I returned back immediately to the Cross Keys, and I found that my box was gone; I went into the coffee-room, and made enquiry; I could not find either of the prisoners, Richards or Clark.
Q. Did Richards describe who Clark was - A. No. I next saw my box at Bow-street, on the 26th or 27th of April, and all the contents, except a pair of shoes. I lost the things on Monday, the 24th; I gave information of my loss on Tuesday morning; I then went instantly to the Cross Keys to find Richards, I stopped there until near nine o'clock.
Q. Have you been into the tavern at Woolwich - A. No; I never heard any thing of that place since. I saw Richards two or three times between the 10th and the 24th of April, at my lodgings in Baltic-street, he came to me there; I never saw Clark there. Richards came to me there in a hackney coach.
COURT. Q. The trunk remained in the same state until you left the coffee-room - A. It did. When we left the house, the waiter took care of it, into his own custody; the waiter's name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Brooks
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a waiter in the coffee-room of the Cross Keys. The two prisoners were strangers to me. On the 24th of April, I was in the coffee-room when both Richards and Hodson came in; they brought in luggage; Richards desired me to take charge of the luggage, and asked me if I thought it was safe there; Hodson put it down. I saw Clark come in with a letter, he delivered it to Richards. After Richard had read the letter, he called for a sheet of paper. After this letter was wrote, Hodson and Richards went out; Richards asked me if the luggage would be safe until he returned. Hodson and Richards both went out together. I did not see 
               Clark
             any more. I saw Richards again in about ten minutes, he returned into the coffee-room, and asked me if I could get a porter for him to take the luggage; I got a porter; Richards went away with it. Hodson came back in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour,when he returned, he made enquiries for his luggage, and for Richards. Richards never returned. I never saw the trunk again until I saw it at Bow-street; I am quite sure that the trunk I saw at Bow-street, was the trunk Richards and Hodson gave me in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a bricklayer. On the 24th of April, about eight o'clock, I saw Richards and Clark in a public-house.
Q. To Hodson. About what time was it that you get back from Bull and Mouth-street - A. About twenty minutes before eight o'clock.
Q. To Brown. Where is that public-house - A. In Kirby-street, Carnaby market. They had this trunk with them; which was afterwards claimed by Hodson. I had seen Richards before. Richards asked me if I was going home; I told him, yes. He told me he would give me a ride in a coach; he put the box into the coach, he me, and Clark, all three, went into the coach. The box was left at my house; he said, he had got it of a young man, who wanted a waiters place, and he would endeavour to get him a situation. I saw the box opened by Clark and Richards; I do not know which it was that opened it; they were both present the time it was opened; it was corded up; I believe it was not locked; the articles were most of them taken out; on the 25th of April it was opened; they both lodged in my house the night before. The same day it was opened, the 25th, two Bow-street officers came to my house; they took the box and its contents, together with Richards and Clark.
Q. Did Richards lodge with you before - A. No.
Q. Where did he lodge before that night - A. I do not know.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am wife to the last witness. While the prisoners were in my room, Richards asked me if I could dispose of some of the articles. I never saw Clark before, nor Richards but once. They told me the things belonged to themselves; I found by their account, that they did not belong to them. I did not dispose of any of the articles. I met Dickens, the officer, in Church-street.
- DICKENS. I am a Bow-street officer. I went after some other business to Brown's house. both the Browns gave me information; in consequence of which, I apprehended the two prisoners, Richards and Clark, on a charge of taking this box. I found the prosecutor the next day. I asked Richards and Clark where they got the box; they refused to tell me. The trunk and its contents were claimed by Hodson.
- BATEMAN. When they were taken, I took a pair of shoes out of Clark's pocket; they were afterwards claimed by Hodson.
Prosecutor. The trunk, and the articles are my property.
Richards's Defence. I saw an advertisement of a situation wanted down at Woolwich; I went to this person; I have been in great distress, I am very much in debt; I intended to take it back again.
RICHARDS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARK, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
