





596. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of May
, two shirts, value 10 s. a tablecloth, value 4 s. and a pair of stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Calverly
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CALVERLY
               



            . My husband's name is James, he is a dealer in potatoes
, No. 17, Brook-street, Holborn


.
Q. When did you loose these things - A. On the 21st of May, the prisoner washed for me, I recommended her to Mrs. Savage, of Hatton Garden, to char for her; she came and told me that she had lost some things, and after searching I found I had lost several things more than I have found. I found a sheet of mine pledged in Baldwin's Gardens. On Monday she was washing for me. I got an officer, and accused her of the theft; I told her I had found the sheet, she begged I would not take her to Hatton Garden office, and she would get her husband to take the rest of the things out. The officer searched her, and found several duplicates that led to other things of mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I found the duplicates in the room, not on her person. I produce a sheet that was given me at the office by the pawnbroker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned with me a sheet, a tablecloth, and a pair of stockings, at separate times, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Simmons
               



            , I know her person well.
Prisoner's Defence. It is my misfortune to have a drunken husband; and unfortunately through his promising to give me money to get the things out again, I took them and pledged them, and since I have been in prison he has left me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
