







31. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rutherford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RUTHERFORD
               



            . On the 11th of November, I believe it was about three o'clock, I was near the top of Ludgate-street


, and was called to by a gentleman behind me to stop two men who were walking in front of me; I stopped Walker, who was the foremost one. The gentleman had a handkerchief in his hand, which was mine. He had Carney by the collar. We put them into a coach, with another one, who escaped out of the coach. We took the prisoners to the Compter. I had no idea how they got my handkerchief.
Cross-examined. by MR. WALFORD. Q. It might have dropped out - A. For what I know - my pocket was very loose.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAUNE
               



            . In the afternoon of the 11th of November I was going down Ludgate-street, and saw two young men on the other side of the street - from their appearance and manner I thought they were pickpockets. I turned back to watch them, and saw by their motions they were going to attempt to pick the prosecutor's pocket. Presently I saw one of them with his hand in Mr. Rutherford's pocket, I cannot say which it was. I instantly started across the street to secure them, and met Carney coming out from between two coaches, which stood by the pavement - he was one of them; he was putting on his hat, which was off before. I saw him putting the handkerchief into his hat. I collared him, and took his hat from his hand - he struggled to get from me, but did not succeed. I dragged him into St. Paul's Church-yard after the other two, and got some gentlemen to secure them. I am sure they were all three connected - Walker was one of them.
Cross-examined. Q. The coaches were between them - A. Yes, they stood still. I saw them pick his pocket - I think the man who escaped did it. The other men kept on the same side.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners to the Compter.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARNEY'S Defence. I was going up Ludgate-street by myself - two or three young men were before me. I do not know who threw the handkerchief down, but I saw it between the coaches, and picked it up. I said I had just picked it up.
WALKER'S Defence. The prosecutor came, and collared me - I know nothing of it.
CARNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
