





712. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of July
, four gowns, value 30 s. three shifts, value 9 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. two shirts, value 8 s. two tablecloths, value 12 s. an apron, value 6 d. and one coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Giles 
                           Bird
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  DOROTHY 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Giles 
                  Bird
               



            ; we live at 49, Perceval-street, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell


. My husband keeps the whole house. On the 5th of July, about three o'clock in the day, I was coming into the passage; I saw the prisoner going along the passage towards the street door. I halloaed out to her to stop. She had a bundle with her. She stopped in the passage. I called a man to stop her; she went away a few steps from the door; the man made her come in. She had still the bundle on her arm. I examined the bundle. The articles all belonged to me.
Prosecutrix. This gown is mine. She came down stairs with this apron tied before her; two tablecloths are mine; a pair of stockings, two shirts, and three shifts, and one coat, that is mine, and the shawl is mine.
Q. Where had these things been - A. They were taken from a closet in the two pair of stairs front room. I never saw the prisoner before. I asked the prisoner where she found them things; she said, a tall man in black gave them to her. I had seen the things safe in the morning. I asked the prisoner a second time where she got the property; she then said, are they yours? I said, yes, they are mine.


                  GILES 
                  BIRD
               



            . I occupy this house in Perceval-street. In my judgment the articles are worth three pounds.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARRY
               



            . I was at work in the back parlour. Mrs. Bird called me; I stopped the prisoner; she had this bundle about her.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . When I took the prisoner in custody she was intoxicated in liquor. I asked her how she came by the bundle; she said she met a man on the stairs, he gave her the bundle.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by the door, a man gave me the bundle; he asked me to take it to the bottom of the street and he would give me a shilling. If I had not been in liquor I should not have done so.
Q. to Prosecutrix. When you first saw her she was in your passage - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know whether she had been up stairs - A. Yes, she must have been up stairs, because the things were taken from up stairs.
GUILTY, aged 29,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
