





279. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, a coat, value 34 s. three waistcoats, value 15 s. a shirt, value 4 s. a pair of trowsers, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hoare
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Patterson
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOARE
               



            . Q. Do you know of Mr. Patterson's house being robbed on the 19th of January - A. Yes; I lived there; it is in Mary-le-bone


 parish.
Q. Does he rent the house there - A. Yes, his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Patterson
               



            .
Q. Were you at home at the time - A. No, I was not. I was the person that missed the property on Sunday 19th of January, about four in the afternoon.
Q. When had you seen it before - A. In the morning.
Q. What part of the house was it gone from - A. The three pair.
Q. Do you lodge up three pair of stairs - A. Yes, it was in the room in which I lodged; it was locked up in a box. I locked the box before I went out.
Q. Was your door locked or not - A. No.
Q. When you returned did you find your box broken open or not - A. My box was locked when I returned I saw some of my things again on the next Sunday following; I saw the coat at Mr. Benjamin's, Marybone-lane. I saw the prisoner at Shadwell office, I asked him what he had done withmy coat, he said he had sold it to Benjamin in Marybone-lane for eight shillings; he told me the rest of the property was pledged in Church-street, Grosvenor-square.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. Yes, he worked with me three days.
Q. Had he been up in your room before - A. Not to my knowledge.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I am a salesman.
Q. Did you receive from the prisoner a coat - A. Yes; the prisoner came to me for employment, I had none to give him; he is a taylor
: he brought the coat on the 19th of January, about half after twelve; I gave him a pound for the coat that is as much at is worth; he said he sold it for distress; if he had not pleaded poverty I would not have bought it on a Sunday.


                  JAMES 
                  FOLKARD
               



            . I am a taylor; I bought the coat of Mr. Benjamin, I agreed with a good deal to do to have the coat for one pound eighteen shillings; the coat is worth two pounds to a wearer.
Prosecutor. I know the coat by the make of the collar, I have worn it; I bought the cloth myself; I gave seventeen shillings a yard; there is two yards of it; the prisoner had the trowsers on, I did not take them from him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
