





1467. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Dean
                     




                  , one pocket-book, value 4d., six 1l. bank notes, and one promissory note for payment of and value 5l., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am a tinman
, and live in Swallow-street. On the 23d of October, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Temple-lane


, going towards Lombard-street. My pocket-book was in my pocket when I passed St.Clement's Church- I was walking very fast, Bushell said my pocket-book was gone - I immediately missed it - He told me which way they were gone. I pursued the prisoner and another. They went down a paved court, towards the water side. I pursued, calling out Stop thief! - They turned to the left my pocket-book was dropped at the corner - I picked it up, and the prisoner was stopped. It contained six 1l. bank notes, and a Birmingham 5l. note.
Cross-examined by MR ALLEY. Q. You lost sight of him at the corner - A. I lost sight of them momentarity-nobody was running but them.
WILLIAM BUSHEL. I live on primrose-hill, Salisburysquare, and am a carpenter, I saw the prosecutor and two persons following close by, the prisoner was one of them, I was on the opposite side. When they got about fifteen yards from the Temple-gate, I saw one of them take the pocket-book from his pocket; I told Mr. Dean of it, and that the prisoner had got it - He pursued after them. I went towards the wharfs, and as soon as I got down I saw the prisoner - there was a waggon coming up-one went on side, and the prisoner on the other. I kept my eye on him, as I had seen the pocket-book in his hand. I ran round the waggon, took him, and told him he was theman who had the pocket-book; he said he had not got it, and asked me to search him. The prosecutor said he had found it.
Cross-examined. I did not see him throw it away.
JURY. Q. Are you positive you saw the pocket-book in his hand - A. Yes, and I saw a hand go into the prosecutor's pocket; nobody was near but him and his companions.
Prisoner's Defence. I neither threw it away nor took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
