






992. 
               
                  ELIZAETH 
                  GIBBS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     YEOMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, a watch, value 5 l. a chain, value 3 l. a watch key, value 5 s. three rings, value 3 l. a handkerchief, value 18 d. and four shillings
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Strimpfell
               




            .
JOHN STRIMPFELL. I live at No. 42, Bermondsey street. I am a foreigner
; I lost my money in a room where I met with these girls; Gibbs took me to the room, and Yeoman brought me a candle.
Q. What did you lose - A. A silver watch, a book, and bills that were mine, a gold seal, and a gold key; a silver snuff-box, three gold rings, and four shillings in money, a pair of silk stockings, and a handkerchief.
Q. Which of them took it - A. Gibbs; and Yeoman brought a candle.
Q. How did she take it - A. I put my watch under my pillow, and when I awoke I found all these things gone.
Q. Did you ever find your things again? - A. I found nothing.
Q. What did the other woman do - A. She only brought a candle, and went away.
Q. When you awoke in the morning, who was in the room - A. Nobody; the door was not secure enough; upon which she put a table against the door that nobody could come in.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CALVERT
               



            . I am a watchman; on Monday morning, the 3d of last month, I cried the hour of one o'clock, in Charles-street, Drury-lane. The prosecutor came to the door and cried watch. I went up to him directly; he said he had lost his watch, his silver snuff-box, and this handkerchief. I looked about the room; after I got the prosecutor dressed I took him to two or three different rooms; he said they were none of the girls that he knew. I took the prosecutor down to the watchhouse.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am the watchhouse keeper; the watchman brought the prosecutor into the watch-house. I took down his place of abode; I and Cowley went and informed the landlord, if he did not find the women he would get into trouble. There were three apprehended. The prosecutor spoke to these two, he would not speak to the third. I shewed him the room; the prosecutor said that was the room, and the landlord of the house said they were the two women that were with him.
WILLIAM COWLEV. I found the prisoners in Holborn, and brought them to the watchhouse; the prosecutor came and spoke to Gibbs sleeping with him, and Yeoman lighting the candle. I shewed the prosecutor the room; we searched it, and found no property at all; Gibbs gave me the key of the room.
Q. to Prosecutor. Were you sober - A. I was.
Q. Look at the women at the bar - A. Gibbs is the woman I slept with, the other brought the candle.
Gibb's Defence. I never saw the man with my eyes before. I was taken in custody, and then he charged me with a robbery.
Yeoman's Defence. I was at my sister's.
GIBBS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
YEOMAN, 

               not GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
