





159. 
               
                  
                     JOHN LEWIS 
                     KINGSNORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           West
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 2nd of December
, for putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, forty-one ll. bank notes, his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WEST
               



            . On the 2nd of this month, I was in company with the prisoner at Mr. Grainger's, the Peacock in the Minories, where I lodged. I had received forty-one new one-pound notes for my wages; I had them tied up in a song book, called the Berkshire Lady, I had them in my breeches pocket. I don't know whether the prisoner knew or not of my having them. He and I went down to the Crown in East Smithfield, and staid there until dusk, drinking. I had five old notes besides. Thence we went to the Hambro' Arms, on Tower-hill. I was not drunk; I was a little fresh, but knew what I was about; he drank gin and water with me there; then he said I must go home with him; he took me by the collar, and pulled me out of the house; we left some liquor behind us in the glasses. When we got on Tower-hill


, he kept my hand tight, until we got to the lamps close to the gate of the Mint; then he made a kind of a stop, and I felt his hand go into my pocket, and take out the bundle of notes, by force, and he tore my trowsers. He ran away immediately; I ran after him; but could not catch him; he was out of my sight in a moment. Then I ran up and down the streets, thinking to fall in with him. I went to Mr. Grainger's to enquire after him; but could gain no information. I saw Mr. Forrester, the officer, in about three quarters of an hour afterwards, and I told him the sort of notes I had lost, and what they were tied up in.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. On the 2nd of December, I saw the prosecutor, between six and seven in the evening, and he said he was going to make away with himself; he was in a very dejected state. I asked him what was the matter, and he said, he had been robbed. I asked him if it was a woman who took his money, and he said no; it was a shipmate. He gave me a description of the person who had robbed him, and told me the notes were wrapped up in a ballad book. I met the prisoner coming back from Grainger's, in the Commercial-road; I asked him if his name was not Kingsnorth, and he said it was. I told him there was a very serious charge against him; he said, he knew all about it; it was about the money; he said he had it to take care of. When we got to Grainger's, I said, the best way would be to count it on the table, to relieve the man's mind. He then said, he had not got it. I asked him where it was. He said he had taken it up to his own brother's, in Islington. We went to his brother's-in-law; he asked us what was the matter; we told him his brother was in charge of two officers for the money. He then said he had got it, and he took out a handful of notes; I got them, and only three more; we counted them out in the Minories, there were twenty new notes for one-pound each. I took from the prisoner this watch. (Producing it,) which he would not tell how he came by.


                  DAVID 
                  FLEMMING
               



            . I sold that watch to the prisoner, for four pounds four shillings, with the seals and key he paid me seven pounds four shillings in new one-pound notes, and four shillings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
