





361. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SIBLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, two bushels of wheat, value 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Trumper
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TRUMPER
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Harefield


. The prisoner was my servant
, he was employed to clean 10 sacks of wheat. On the 13th of January he left work about four o'clock, and brought the key home as usual - I kept it in my bed-room. Next morning he came to work at half-past six o'clock, which was rather earlier than usual. I gave him the key, he returned in about five minutes, and asked me if I had been in the barn since he left? I said No. He said there was a sack of wheat stolen - I went to the barn, found it was so, and told him to clean up another sack in its place - I did not suspect him. I sent him round to the mills with samples of the wheat, and told him if he found any that corresponded with it to give notice of it - he said it was the sack that he had cleaned up last. While he was gone to the mills, I searched, and found the sack, with about two bushels of wheat, in the calves' pen in the cow-house, covered with hay - the rest must have been taken away - I left it there. I did not tell the prisoner of it, but watched in the evening, with my nephew and brother. The prisoner left work between four and five o'clock, I gave him no orders to watch. I went to watch about half-past five o'clock, came back to the house for my gun, returned in about five minutes, and found the sack had been removed about three yards in my absence. I went away about seven, leaving my cousin to watch, and heard the prisoner was taken. His house was afterwards searched - six bushels of flour, and a peck and a half of wheat, were found there.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. You offered a reward of three guineas to find out the thief - A. I believe I did. The prisoner did not say he found the wheat concealed, and wanted to detect the thief for the reward. It was not gleaned wheat that was found in the prisoner's house, it was threshed and cleaned.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRUMPER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's cousin. I watched while he was gone into the house, and heard a rustling noise in the calf-pen - the door of the rick-yard was open. I was within three yards of it. I heard a man walking softly out of the cowhouse, and being quite dark in the cowhouse, I could not see him - he rushed out of the door, and I endeavoured to lay hold of him, I could then see his dress. About a minute after I found the prisoner in the rick-yard, under the haystack, within ten yards of the cowhouse door - he stood up under the haystack, and was dressed the same as the man that ran out. I have not the least doubt of his being the same man - I found nobody but him there. It was about half-past seven o'clock - he had no business there. I collared him, and said, Now I have got you, you must go with me. He said,
"I am ready to go; you may think I stole the wheat out of the barn, by my being here; I have been watching these two hours." He had not been set to watch, nor was he in a situation to watch - he could not see the cowhouse door from where he was.
Cross-examined. I could see all over the yard, it is paled in; he could not have been there two hours without our seeing him, and he must have heard us.
WILLIAM TRUMPER. I am brother to the prosecutor. I assisted in taking the prisoner behind the haystack - he had a ladder before him to conceal himself - his body was concealed. I ran against him, and did not see him; he did not call out until he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner's premises, and found about six bushels of flour, and about a peck of wheat.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRUMPER
               



             re-examined, I compared the wheat with the bulk, it is the same sort that is in the sack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
