





1016. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LACEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, a looking-glass, value 24 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Elliot
                        



                     
                  , two decanters, value 4 s. and four wine glasses, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ives
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  IVES
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Seward-street, Brick-lane, in the parish of St. Luke's


. On the night of the 19th of October, I was alarmed that the robbers had been in between the hours of seven and nine. I went into my parlour, and I missed a looking-glass, some drinking-glasses. and two decanters. I saw the looking-glass brought in; the looking-glass I borrowed of Mr. Elliott; it was not my own, and the wine-glasses were brought back, and the prisoner; the wine-glasses were broken to piece.
Q. How did the prisoner get in - A. I do not know; the tap door goes with a pulley, and the parlour with a spring-lock.



                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . I watched the prisoner above an hour: he was lurking about on a rainy night in the street. I thought him to be a suspicious character, and when he ran away I pursued him; he had a looking-glass under his arm; I did not see him go into the house; he went into the house either at the door or the window. I saw him in Goswell-street with the glass under his arm; he threw the looking-glass into a butcher's shop. I followed him and took him. I brought him back to Mrs. Ives; the officer found the glass.


                  HENRY 
                  COOPER
               



            . I watched the prisoner with my brother. I missed him all of a sudden; I saw two persons come from Mrs. Ives's public-house. I ran up to Mrs. Ives's; I saw the parlour window wide open. I went into Mrs. Ives's, and asked her whether she knew her parlour window was open, and whether she had any thing there that she could lose. She went into the parlour, and said she had lost a looking-glass. I immediately ran out with my youngest brother into Goswell-street. He said there was a man over the way with a looking-glass under his arm. We crossed over to him; he began to run; he passed the butcher's shop as he was running; he threw the glass in at the window. We pursued him and took him; we never lost sight of him; we brought him back to Mrs. Ives's. The constable searched him and found upon him two knives, and two decanter stoppers. He was taken to the watchouse; this is the looking-glass.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            , This is the looking-glass I lent to Mrs. Ives.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
