





908. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     CHILD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of September
, a pocketbook, value 7 s. a stamp, value 1 l. 10 s. and a bit of parchment, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live at No. 8, King's Arms yard. On the 23d of September, I was in Friday-street


, in my way home. There were four persons came against me, and broke the hold of the person that had got hold of my arm. The prisoner got hold of my coat, and the other persons hustled me. I catched the prisoner directly; he took my pocket-book, the other three ran away.
Q. Did you ever find your pocket-book again - A. Yes, by advertisement. The prisoner is the very person that took my pocket-book, and when I had got the prisoner, the pocket-book was handed from one to the other. About four days after I got it again.
Q. At the time that it was in your pocket, what was in your pocket-book - A. A press-warrant and a thirty shilling stamp, and there was on the stamp, a receipt for the burying of my wife. My pocket-book cost me seven shillings, and when my pocket-book was returned, there was the same in it as when I lost it. I am sure it was the same pocket book. The person that brought me the pocket-book, said he was a porter in Gutter-lane. I took the prisoner within five yards where I was robbed. I was robbed at the top of Friday-street, Cheapside, and the prisoner went with me to the constable, and from there to the Compter. I found nothing on him.
Mr. Alley. After you had confined him, you called upon him - A. I did. I went there to see if he had the pocket-book. He told me, if I would not appear against him, he would get the pocket-book for me.
Q. What brought you to prison to him - A. To see how he got on, to be sure. He took the pocket-book out of my pocket, and then they hustled it from one to the other.


                  MARGRAET 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live at No. 16, New Milman-street. I am in service there. I had been to Mr. Evans's house, and Mr. Evans was coming to see me home. It was near the top of Friday-street. I had hold of his arm, at the time four men came and hustled us. The young man, which Mr. Evans took up that night, parted his arm and mine.
Q. Did you see whether he did any thing or not - A. I was very much terrified, and I got as much out of the way as I could. I turned back, and Mr. Evans had just caught him, when I got sight of him again.
Q. You did not see him do any thing, did you - A. No more than having hold of Mr. Evans's coat. They came upon me quite unexpectedly. I am sure the person that he laid hold of, is the person that had hold of Mr. Evans's coat.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a constable. I saw no part of this transaction. The prisoner was delivered to me in the Compter passage.
Q. Did you know his person before - A. Yes. I received him on the charge of Mr. Evans.
Prisoner's Defence. I was searched, and nothing found on me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
