





53. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, two 20 l. bank notes, two 10 l. bank notes, and two 1 l. bank notes, the property of the Hon.


                           Alexander 
                           Murray
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-houss of 
                     
                        William 
                        Miller
                     



.
HON. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  MURRAY
               



            . Q. On Monday the 14th of November, had you paid any bank notes to Mrs. Murray - A, I had; two twenty's and four ten's, it was part of change of a one-hundred pound note; there were marks upon them, which I can swear to; I gave them to her,
JANET OLIPHANT MURRAY. Q. On the 14th of November, did you receive from Mr. 
               Murray
             some notes - A. I did; I put them into my pocket-book, and my pocket-book into my ridicule. At this time I had lodgings at Mr. Miller's, in Charles-street. The prisoner was a servant in Mr. Miller's house.
Q. On the evening of the next day, were you employed in putting your clothes away - A. I was.
Q. Where was your redicule at that time - A. Upon the bed. The prisoner was in the room assisting me in putting my clothes away; she took them from me and put them upon the bed; she asked me if she could assist me any further; I remarked that she stood along side of the bed where the redicule was; I had suspicion of her. About an hour after she was gone, I looked into my redicule, and the pocketbook was gone. I enquired after the prisoner, she was not in the house; I found she had left the house immediately after she went out of my room. That evening I went to the office in Bow-street, there I heard the prisoner had been taken up on suspicion: I saw the prisoner that evening about eleven o'clock. I know that the notes that I lost were the notes that Mr. Murray gave me.


                  JOHN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a linen-draper, in Piccadily. On the evening of the 15th of November, the prisoner came to my shop to purchase some articles; she offered in payment a twenty pound note; I gave the note to Mr. Nicolls. In consequence of suspicion I apprehended her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICOLLS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Bow-street office by Mr. Morris, she opened her hand, and gave me the notes, and I have one Mr. Morris gave me, this twenty pound note. On the prisoner was a twenty-pound note, two ten's, and eight ones, and silver to the amount of twenty-two shillings. I asked her how she came by the notes; she said, she received them of Mr. 
               Morris
             the linen-draper, in change of a twenty-pound note. I said, that could not be, there was more than twenty pounds; these notes I took from her hand. She said, Mr. Morris gave her them. She sent for me in Bridewell, she wished me to advise her how she was to act; I told her I could not tell her. I asked her what she had done with the pocket-book; she said, she threw it out of the coach-window as she was brought to the office.
Prosecutor. This is one of the twenty-pound notes I gave to Mrs. Murray; I am positive to it. These two ten-pound notes I can swear to, having the name of Garland upon them.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
