






842. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITTEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, three pigs, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TRURO
               



            . I live in Wilson-street, Somers Town. On the 1st of September I saw the two prisoners, Whittel and Wood, between five and six o'clock, they were coming along the road from Hampstead, just by the turnpike gate. They were driving three pigs, two little ones and a big one. The pigs were dirty; they appeared to be disguised with some stuff. I do not know what, and appeared as if they had been driven some way. I told the man at the turnpike I thought them pigs were stolen. I then fetched Avory, the officer; he took them.


                  JOHN 
                  AVORY
               



            . I am an officer. On the evening of the 1st of September. Truro called upon me; I went with him to the New-road, near Pentonville chapel. I observed the prisoner Wood coming out of a public-house door; directly he saw me he turned back and ran in doors. I met Whittel just as he was coming out of the Lord Vernon's Arms door, the same public-house. The sow and pigs at that time were laying opposite of the said public-house; they appeared very much fatigued. The pigs were very much splashed over with tar. When I secured Whittel, Wood absconded; he was brought to me by Dobson. I asked the prisoners where they brought thepigs from. They said they knew nothing of them. I took the pigs to my own home until they were sworn to at Bow-street office.


                  THOMAS 
                  MALLOY
               



            . I am a labourer; I live in Kentish Town. I saw the sow and pigs in Avory's possession on the 1st of September.
Q. Whose sow and pigs were they - A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harrison
               



            's, Grove-farm, Kentish Town


; he had the sow five years; the young ones were about five or six months old. I have worked in Mr. Harrison's family thirty years. I know they are the property of Mr. Harrison. I had the care of them.
Q. When had you seen them last at Harrison's - Q Between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOBSON
               



            . Being a neighbour I went with Avory to the Lord Vernon's Arms. I went into the public-house with him. I found the prisoner Wood behind the cellar door. I delivered him to Avory.
Whittel's Defence. I was coming along Kentish Town; there were some pigs in the road. I know nothing of the pigs. The three pigs were going a different road to what I was.
Wood's Defence. I was coming along Battle-bridge, I met this man; I went into the public-house and had half a pint of beer; this man catched hold of me.
WHITTEL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
WOOD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
