





51. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Griffin
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven at night, on the 24th of November
, and stealing therein five knives, value 2 l. 10 s. his property
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I live at 48, Skinner-street, Snow-hill


, I am a perfumer and deal in jewellery
. On Saturday evening, the 24th of November, about seven o'clock, I went out of one shop into the other to snuff the candles, I snuffed the candles on the compter, I went to the glass case in the window and snuffed three more, I perceived some cotton waving up that the silver knives lay on; I perceived some knives were gone out of the tray. I came into the back shop, I put on my coat and hat and took a large stick and went out of my shop on the Snow-hill side and round the corner into Skinner-street, I saw the prisoner with another at my shop window in Skinner-street, I came up between them both, I saw the prisoner's right hand in the pane of glass what he had broken, with a knife in his hand, he drew the knife out, it was such a knife as this; I catched hold of him by the collar and the other person too, I saw the other person receive the knife of the prisoner, I said, you have robbed me long enough, and when I collared him he struck me on my side and kicked me two or three times and plunged and said d - n you, sir, I am not the man, what do you want of me; in so doing he got out of my hand and ran across Fleet-market. I brought the prisoner in and searched him, I found none of my property, I found a clasp knife about him like others I have seen before to cut windows. I lost five knives, this is one I brought to shew you what sort of knives I lost; I am sure I saw him take one and the other received it; beforeI took him to the compter; he said he would have a pint of beer, Stanton asked him how he came to rob me, d - n him, said he, he would rob me as soon as any other man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am fourteen, I am an apprentice to Mr. Sellers, silversmith, Cross-street, Hatton Garden. On Saturday evening, the 24th of November, about seven o'clock, I was coming down Skinner-street, I saw two men at Mr. Griffins window, I stopped to see what they were doing of; I saw the prisoner pull out a knife from Mr. Griffin's window with his right hand, and the other man that was with him received it with his left hand; when they saw me looking at them they went to go away, and then Mr. Griffin came right in between them both, and caught hold of both of them, one kicked him and got away, Mr. Griffin took the prisoner into his house and called me in, he searched him and found a knife broken at the point.
Q. Then you did not see them when they came first up to the window - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was delivered into my charge, and this knife; the point of the knife corresponded to the hole that was made between the glass and the frame.
Prisoner's Defence. On the Saturday stated I went to carry a box for a young woman to the Swan and Two Necks, Lad-lane. On my return, going down Skinner-street, I saw two young men stand at the window, I unfortunately stopped, that gentleman laid hold of me and another, the other was a stronger man than me, he got away.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
