





260. 
               
                  JOHN
                  COFFEE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, fifteen pound weight of whipcord. value 3 l. nine dozen of harness buckles, value 11 s. 3 d. and four balls of sewing hemp, value 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac
                     Armstrong
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Richard
                  Millson
               



            .


                  ISAAC
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . Richard Millson is my partner
; we live in Cow-lane; I am a sadlers' ironmonger
. The prisoner lived with me as porter
 for or three years. He left me and took a public house, the Red Lettuce, in Charterhouse-lane
, that is near Cow-lane. On the 12th of December we got information of Mr. 
               
                  George
                  Hodges
               



            . I agreed that he should go with me, Matthews and Wood, the two officers, to the prisoner's house. Mr. Hodges went in first; Matthews and Wood followed. I went in after the officers. When I went in I saw Matthews the officer with a basket of articles; he was stopping a little girl with the articles close to the parlour door; I looked at the property in the basket, I knew it to be mine. I told the prisoner he knew it was my property, there were my marks upon some of them. The prisoner replied, yes, master, I know it is your property, I know your marks as well as yourself. He stated that a man left them there that owed him a score; I said, what a pretty rascal you must be not to let me know of it. I asked him the man's name; he said the the man would no disclose his name, he lived some where over in the Borough. We searched the house, and found nothing else than what was in the basket.
GEORGE HODGES. I live at Petonville I have been a sadler and a harness maker. On the 12th of December I called at the prisoner's house to enquire after the former landlord that kept the house. I never had any knowledge of the prisoner before.
Q. When you came there did you find any whipcord - A. The prisoner told me if I was in the trade he would let me have some reasonable, and some sadler's nails and bridle buckles. He offered me these things for sale. He asked me three shillings a pound for the whipcord, the buckles and nails he left entirely to me to fix the price. This raised a suspicion in my mind; I afterwards went to Mr Armstrong's shop, and told him what had taken place. It was agreed that he and I should go there on the following Thursday, with some officers. This was on Sunday. On the Thursday I went there with Mr. Armstrong. I went in first for an introduction for the property to be produced. He told me if I would wait he would produce the property. A few buckles in a basket were brought forward; he called me in and said, he would go up stairs and fetch more. Then the officers and Mr. Armstrong came in, and the littlegirl with the basket. I never had seen that basket before. It contained whipcord, buckles, sewing hemp and nails; the basket was shewn to Mr. Armstrong. Mr. Armstrong said to the prisoner, John, they are my property, and you know my private marks. The prisoner said he knew the private marks as well as he did; and that a man who lived in the Borough had left them there for a score; he said he did not know his name.


                  JOHN
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . Q. Do you know the situation of the prisoner's house - A. Yes, it is in the county of Middlesex. On Thursday, the 17th of December, Mr. Hodges sent into the prisoner's house first. I and Wood, and Mr. Armstrong, followed in a little time; I found the prisoner and Mr. Hodges in the parlour; I went into the parlour; Wood went up stairs to search the house. While I was in the parlour I saw the prisoner's daughter coming out of the bar with this basket; I seized the basket and took it from her just as she got to the back door. I have kept the basket and its contents safe locked at the offices; it contains whipcord, buckles, and sewing line, and sadler's nails.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. The whipcord in the basket has the writing of the manufacturer; the loose buckles have my own writing upon them. The whole of the property I have no doubt is mine; there is fifteen pound of whipcord, at six shillings a pound, and the value of the buckles is three pound twelve shillings. The property there altogether is worth eleven pounds.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
