





1211. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             as indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, one pocket-book, value 10s.; one guinea, value 21s.; and two bank notes, value 10l. each, the goods, monies
            , and property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Blackburn
                  




               
            .
MRS. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Blackburn
               



            , we live in Kent. On the 27th of May, I took a coach at Hatton-garden to take me into the city. I had my son and grandson with me. I gave my luggage to the coachman; among other bundles, there was one in a red handkerchief, which I took into the coach - I pinned each corner of it-it contained a bag, with my red pocketbook and two 10l. bank notes in it. I got out of the coach at Copthall-court-the bundle was then safe. I staid there about half an hour; I had left my son and grandson in the coach-when I returned, I found them walking about by the coach. I discovered nothing till I got to the inn in Gracechurch-street, I then found my bundle had been unpinned, the bag opened, and the pocket-book, with its contents, gone. The coachman was searched before he left me.


                  EDWARD 
                  LUSHINGTON
               



             BLACKBURN. I was with my mother. I noticed the prisoner riding behind the coach as we went along all the way from Hatton-garden - He was with the coachman when I called it off the stand. When my mother went into Copthall-court, I and my companion got out and left the door open, and walked about-we did not go far from it. My mother returned, and we went to the coachoffice in Gracechurch-street. I never saw the prisoner after my mother got out. The coachman was searched before he went from us.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I saw him on the opposite side of the coach when I got out. The coachman helped us out. He shut the door some time after we got out.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I drove the coach. Mrs. Blackburn got out at Copthall-court, while she was absent, I saw the prisoner walking on the opposite side of the way - I saw him get on the coach-step, the door was open, he was half in and half out-the young gentlemen had left the coach-as the prisoner stepped from the door, I saw something red in his hand - I did not know what it was - I said nothing to him-when we got to Gracechurch-street the robbery was discovered - I did not tell the lady - I was searched and nothing found on me - I was examined at Hatton-garden, and kept in custody for a fortnight and then discharged. I did not tell them until afterwards.

Cross-examined. My name is Abraham Langley, I go by that name, my right name is Otter Langley, but the English cannot pronounce it; I am partner in the coach with the prisoner's father; I was searched; I did not tell what I had seen. I told the magistrate that a boy had rode with me.
Q. In about fourteen days you said there was a boy concerned, and you was liberated to find him? - A. Yes. I told them before I did not know his name. I am in custody now.
Q. On your oath, was not the prisoner at your mother's house while you pretended to be looking for him? - A. He was not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSELTON
               



            . I am an officer. I searched Langley and the coach, but found nothing. I afterwards searched for the prisoner, but could not find him; I went to his father's thirty times.
Cross-examined. Langley denied having any person with him; he said if we would go to St. Catharine's it should all be right, and we should be well tipped for all our trouble; I took him to the office, the magistrate told him if he did not tell where the boy was, he should be taken again; he was admitted as an evidence; I found the prisoner in bed at his father's, after going a great many times for him; I asked him where he had been all the while, he said he went to the villages to sell oranges; I took him on the 9th of July; I told him what I took him for, he said he knew something was the matter, but he was innocent; he said a boy, named Barret, who lived in a house in Rosemary-lane, had told him about it.
Prisoner's Defence. Langley gave me a 10l. note to take to my father to buy some corn.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
