





471. 
               
                  
                     FRANCISCO 
                     MORI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, one sheet, value 7 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s., and one head-cloth, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Smith 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith Watts
               



            , who keeps the Yorkshire Grey public-house
, Eagle-street, Red Lion-square


 - the prisoner lodged there. I found I had been robbed of plate to a considerable amount, and these things also. On Sunday the 14th of February, I and concealed myself in my bed-room, from nine o'clock in the morning, until two in the afternoon; I then heard somebody try the door, and unlock it; the prisoner entered the room, took a bunch of keys off the table, and tried to open the box, out of which the plate had been stolen - they would not open it. He put them on the table, and then went and rummaged the bed, but one of my children coming up stairs, he instantly went out of the room, exclaiming,
"Oh G - d!" I came from under the bed, followed him into his own room, which was on the same floor, and said,
"You villain, I have caught you!" - he made no answer. I called my husband up, and he was secured. I went to his bed-room, and found a purse, which the prisoner claimed - it contained three duplicates and a gold watch.
HENRY LONG. I am an officer. I was sent for, and took the prisoner - I found nothing on him. I found a purse on his bed, containing a gold watch and three duplicates, he said they were his. The duplicates related to the articles stated in the indictment, which were pledged at Townsend's. I took him to the watch-house. I laid the duplicates on the table then, and missed them all at once, purse, money, and all - he stood by. The purse was afterwards found in the privy. He had no money when he came in; he afterwards spent 2 s. 6 d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUTTON TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Little Russell-street. The prisoner pledged the sheet and trowsers with me in the name of Francisco.


                  ALFRED 
                  WRAY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Townsend. The prisoner pledged the head-cloth with me for 5 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They are mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
