






938. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August

, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newbolt
                        



                     
                  , a watch, value 4l. and a bank-note for the payment of thirty-pounds, his property
            . And 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the goods aforesaid, he knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWBOLT
               



            . I met the prisoner in Hampstead Road; I went to her lodgings in Eden-street



, and staid there about half an hour, and fell asleep. A young woman of the name of Jones, who had been with the female prisoner, left the room first, and left me and the female prisoner in the room together. When I awoke, I missed the woman and the property. I had a number of papers in my pocket-book, beside the note. I had given three pounds ten-shillings for the watch; I had also some silver about me, but that was not gone. I have seen the note since; I had taken it at Hoares, in Fleet-street.


                  ELEANOR 
                  JONES
               



            . I remember the night of the 10th of August last; I lived at No.8, Eden-street, Hampstead Road in the parlour; Charlotte Green lived with me. I was walking with her when this gentleman came up. We went home, and I left Charlotte Green in the room with Mr. Newbolt. She came to me in about ten minutes, and then she and I ran down Tottenham Court Road; she never stopped until she came to Frances-street. When she stopped there, she shewed me a pocket-book, and a watch; the watch had no chain or seal; she also shewed me something like a bank-note, but I can't read. She emptied all the papers out of the pocket-book into her lap, and chucked the pocket-book away. Then we went on to St. Giles's church; there she met with a man, and had some conversation with him. Then she said come along, now I know where to take it. We then went to Mr. Myers's; it was almost twelve; we found him up one pair of stairs in Compton-street, near St. Giles's church; she shewed him the note; he said it was a twenty-pound note, and then she shewed him the watch, and he said do you know what I will give you for this, meaning the note; she wanted eighteen pounds for it, but he would only give her seventeen. Then he gave her fourteen shillings in silver besides, that was for the watch. He then asked her whether she would have anything to drink, she said yes, and then his wife went out for something to drink. After that he desired us to lay hold of his arms, saying, that would prevent all suspicion. As we went along he said, will you give me something to drink, and then we went into a public-house, kept by Mr. Holmes, and Mr. Myers asked for a glass of wine. The publican said he did not sell wine, and then he and a man who had come in with us, had a glass of shrub each. The female prisoner told him she had taken it from a man, and said we shall be all taken up; it was after she told him that, that he told us to lay hold of his arms, saying that would avoid all suspicions.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I remember the night of the 10th of August, when the last witness, the female prisoner, Myers, and another man came into my house; I took particular notice of them, because by Myers asking for a glass of wine, I thought he was an informer, as I had no licence to sell wine.


                  HENRY 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I apprehended the prisoners, and the girl Jones. I took the girl Charlotte Green to Myers's house first; Jones said to Myers, I am come here for those papers that Charlotte Green and myself left here last week; he asked what papers; she said you know what papers I mean, why the papers we left. He then said, so help his God, he never saw the girls before, and did not know what they meant; Mrs. Myers then flew in a passion at the girls, and wanted to turn them out. I told her however to stop, for he was a prisoner, and I was an officer, and I said I wanted the papers, for the gentleman only wanted to have his papers. I then apprehended Myers; he went very quietly with me, and was admitted to bail.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . Green told me the same story she told the last witness.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOULE
               



            . I am clerk belonging to the Bank of England. I produce a thirty-pound note paid into the bank on the 20th of August, the dateof which is 17093; it was paid in by Jones Lloyd and Co. bankers.
CHARLES PLUMLEY. I am a goldsmith, living on Ludgate-hill. I look at the note produced by the last witness; there is a mark on it due thirty-one pounds eighteen shillings and nine-pence. The male prisoner bought gold of me to that amount, and paid me in a thirty-pound note, and I firmly believe this to be the note he so paid me.
GREEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Judgment respited.
            

MYERS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
