







632. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WELPREY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HUNT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SHEFFINGTON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Reynolds
                        




                     
                  , one pocket book, value 1s. one pencil case, value 1s. one watch, value 4l. one chain, value 6d. one key, value 2d. one bank-note, value 10l. and two bank-notes, value 10l. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . Between ten and eleven o'clock on the night of the 21st of April, I was coming along Whitechapel, and saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hunt
               



             in company with another female. I went home to a house in Wentworth-street


 with them. I went into the ground floor. I am sure I had the money and my watch when I went into the room with Hunt; the other girl left me. Sheffington came into the room while I was there with Hunt. Soon after Hunt went out, and did not return; she gave me no reason to suppose she was going to leave me. After she was gone, I missed my property. I immediately went after her; I heard a noise in the next house; several people talking. I went into the street, and to the next door; and heard some person say, you have made a fine booty. The persons were on the stairs. I went up stairs; I was accosted by 
               
                  Jane 
                  Welprey
               



            ; she asked me where I was coming to, and what I wanted. I told her there was a person in her house who had robbed me. She said, no person had come in there, and told me to go about my business. I told her I would not go without my property. I called the watch, and we went up stairs and found the prisoner Hunt under the bed, and a gentleman in the room. I accused her of robbing me, and she denied it, or that she had ever seen me before. I told her, she need not say that; but if she would not give me my property, I would charge her with the watch. She then told me not to make a noise, for my property was on the stairs. I found my pocket book on the stairs, with a five pound note missing from it. I then insisted on leaving the other note; and she said, if I would give her a three shilling piece, she would give it me. I gave her the three shilling piece, and she pulled the note out of her bosom. At first, I forgot my watch; I had left it on the table in the room into which I had been with Hunt at first. I left it there, and when I went back, it was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  OTTEN
               



            . I went with a young woman on the night in question, to the house where, Welprey was, While I was in the room with her, Hunt came running, and crept under the bed. I jumped up and went to the door, and heard a noise. I saw what the last witness has related, relative to what Hunt did and said.
HUNT 

               GUILTY
            , aged 
16.




               Transported for life
            .

WELPREY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SHEFFINGTON, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
