





925. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     PANNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, two neck cloths, value 1 s. and two pieces of carpet, value 1 s. a petticoat, value 2 s. a cap, value 3 d. and and a night gown, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fletcher
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Fletcher
               



            , he is a cabinet maker
; we live at No. 70, James-street, St. George's in the East


. On the 22d of October I left a blue coat, three waistcoats, two neck handkerchiefs, a night gown, two pieces of carpet, a petticoat and a handkerchief, and other things, I left them in my bed-room; I went out about nine o'clock, and returned about twelve. I suspected the prisoner, she used to come to a lodger in our house. The officer searched her room, and found the petticoat, night gown, two pieces of carpet, and a handkerchief.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I searched the prisoner's room, No. 11, St. George's-court, the prisoner was in the room; I found a petticoat, two pieces of carpet, and a night-gown in the room, and a night cap on her head; that was on the 22d, the day that they were lost. In her pocket I found a duplicate of two neck handkerchiefs. The key of the prisoner's room door unlocked the room door that these things were stolen from.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I produce two white handkerchiefs; I think the prisoner is the person that pawned them.
Prosecutrix. They are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out all day from half past eight until eight in the evening, I left my room door open; I found the lodger in her house had been to my room and left these things, and I had no cap on at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
