








1564. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               




            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RYLAND
                  




               
            , 
               
                  RO-BERT 
                  BARNETT
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Cameron
                        



                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6d.; one 2l., and three 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cameron
                  



               
            .
MRS. MARGARET CAMERON. I am the wife
 of John Cameron, and live in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. On the 26th of October, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Southampton-street


, with my husband, looking at Mr. Raymond's funeral procession, which was passing, we were at the bottom of the street - I had hold of my husband's arm; several people passed - I felt a little brushing, which I attributed to the crowd. I afterwards felt a bustle, which I thought was my husband taking his handkerchief out, it did not draw my attention. One of the officers came up, and asked my husband if he had lost any thing? he said he had not, and told me to look - I immediately missed my pocket-book, which contained one 2l. and three 1l. bank notes. The officer shewed me the pocket-book after the prisoners were taken.
MR. JOHN CAMERON. I was with my wife. I did not see any person near me, in particular. The officers asked me if I had lost any thing? I had observed a bustle just before that between me and my wife, which I attributed to the crowd. When the prisoners were taken, the officers produced my wife's pocket-book.
WILLIAM JEFFERSON. I am an officer. I was in Southampton-street, while the procession was passing - I knew all the prisoners before, and saw them go up to Mr. and Mrs. Cameron - I had seen them in company together about four minutes before. I saw them crowding round Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, and watched them. When they went away, I sent Wilson immediately to ask if they had lost any thing-Mrs. Cameron missed her pocket-book. I followed the prisoners, and came up with Ryland, Barnett, and Ting, at the Carpenters' Arms, behind Exeter-change - I found them there; they were up in a corner together, in company. I said, "I am here as soon as you three." Barnett said, "What is the matter, master?" I told them to come into a private room - I wanted to search them-Pretty was with me; they went in. I do not know whether Ting went in. I found the room very dark - I asked for a candle; a little girl told me she could not give it to me. In the meantime, I observed Barnett putting something from his hand on the table, in the left-hand corner of the room, which was the darkest - I saw it glisten. I said, "That won't do, Bob, take it up again" - I told them to go into the tap-room, and I would search them there. I lit a piece of paper, and found a pocket-book under the cloth which laid on the knife-box. I found a pair of spectacles, a watch, and a handkerchief on Barnett. Mrs. Cameron claimed the pocket-book, with its contents - I secured them. Just as I finished searching them, Wilson brought Pullen in; we found nothing particular on him. I am sure I saw the four prisoners in company together, round Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, with another man, who is not in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Pullen was taken afterwards. There were two other men in the room when I found the prisoners there.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I did not see them go into the house.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. There was a great crowd; they kept together all the way. They did not sell liquor at the house where I found them. The two other men remained in the room after I searched; they did not attempt to go out.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD
               



             WILSON. I am an officer. I was in Southampton-street with Jefferson, and saw all the prisoners there; I had seen them together for two or three minutes before I saw Mrs. Cameron - I was on the opposite side of the way. They kept close together, and went close up to Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, another man was with them at the time. I did not see any motion of their hands. I immediately went up to Mrs. Cameron, who complained of losing her pocket-book. We immediately went up the Strand, towards Temple-bar; I went to the other side of Exeter-change, returned back by myself, and went up Burleigh-street - Change-alley comes into that street - I saw Pretty standing at the door of the Carpenters' Arms there. I went in, and saw the prisoners, Ryland, Barnett, and Ting, in custody; I went to look for the others. I found Pullen coming up the Strand, on the same side of the way, and within three doors of Southampton-street, nearer to Temple-bar. I asked him how he did? he said, he was very well, and the procession was very handsome; we talked together. He asked me if I would have any think to drink? I told him I would not, but we were going to a public-house, and there we might drink with him, as there were some people there who would be glad to see him. I kept close to him, and took him into the Carpenters' Arms. Jefferson searched him, and told him what he was charged with.
ROBERT PRETTY. I was with Jefferson and Wilson in Southampton-street - I knew the prisoners before, and saw them with another man, who is not in custody; they were in company together. I saw them all go up to Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, they staid three or four minutes; I went up with Wilson-Mrs. Cameron missed her pocket-book. I accompanied Jefferson to the Carpenters' Arms, and found Barnett, Ting, and Ryland there. Jefferson said he wanted them, and took them into the next room-Barnett went in first. Jefferson said to Barnett, "that will not do." I saw something done. He got a light, and produced a pocket-book, which Mrs. Cameron afterwards claimed.
SAMUEL LACK. I am an officer. I saw the prisoners in company together, at the corner of St. Martin's-lane, on the 26th of October, about a quarter of an hour before the robbery. Shields was not with them; I knew them before.
PULLEN'S Defence. I was not in company with them. They found nothing on me.

TING'S Defence. I had been in the public-house five minutes before Jefferson came in.
PULLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 68.
RYLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.
TING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.







               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
