





596. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JAQUES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, six sacks, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Mellish 
                     Thatcher
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a licensed victualler, 24, in the Strand. On Saturday the 28th of May, about half past ten at night, the prisoner brought six sacks, he throwed them into the bar, and asked my wife if she would give him leave to leave them there till the morning. She was not willing to let him leave them. She came and asked me; I said he might leave them on the top of the cellar stairs if he liked. He said it would save him carrying them two miles. He left the sacks. In about an hour after, some cost porters came to enquire if anybody had left any sacks; I said, they had. They told me he had stolen them, no doubt; they had been watching him.
Q. Did they take the sacks away - A. No, I would not let them have the sacks. I locked them up in the cupboard. The next morning the prisoner and another man came for the sacks; I would not let him have them. I told the prisoner that I understood he did not come honestly by them; I should not let him have them. In the mean time we were talking the officer came in and took him.


                  JAMES 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am a constable. On Sunday the 29th of May, I received information of some sacks having been left at the One Tun, in the Strand. I and my son went down together, and asked the landlord about these sacks. When I went in, there were two coal-heavers standing there. I gave my son item to mind the door. I called the landlord of one side. I saw the prisoner there; the landlord pointed him out; I took him in custody. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse; I went back for the sacks, and when I had them at the watchhouse, I asked him where he got them sacks; he said he had them of a man of the name of Carter. That is all I know about it. I took the sacks home, and have had the care of them ever since. I went to Mr. Thatcher, and found they were his sacks.


                  THOMAS 
                  MELLISH THATCHER
               



            . I am a coal-merchant; I live at Hungerford wharf, in the Strand. 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             is my partner. On Monday evening I received information from Donaldson, the officer, that he had got some sacks. I went, and saw six sacks. I immediately recognised them to be mine. These are the sacks; they are marked, and it is a peculiar cloth. I know them to be mine.
Q. Had you seen these sacks shortly before they were lost - A. I cannot say; I might; my son had; he is here. The prisoner has been in my employ three years: he had worked with me shortly before these sacks were stolen.


                  THOMAS 
                  THATCHER
               



            . I live with my father; I am employed in his business.
Q. Now look at these sacks; who do they belong to - A. They belong to my father. On Saturday morning there were twenty-one sacks hanging upon the rails at the top of the yard. On Monday morning I was called upon by Donaldson, the officer, to count them; there was but fifteen left out of the twenty-one; six were gone. I compared these sacks with the fifteen that were left; they are the same. They are marked with a particular T. On Saturday evening, when the gates were shut, I saw the prisoner within fifteen yards of the premises; he had a very large bundle under his arm.
Prisoner's Defence. I was desired to take the sacks by the man who has absconded; I did not know they were Mr. Thatcher's, or anybody's else.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
