





817. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEPTOE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
, two yards and a half of cotton, value 4 s. four handkerchiefs, value 8 s. four yards of flannel, value 12 s. a shawl, value 3 s. a dress, value 6 s. two yards of muslin, value 7 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Craig
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Craig
               



            , linen draper
 in Holborn


.
Q. On the 25th and 26th of September was the prisoner employed at that house as a carpenter
. - A. He was.
Q. After he had left the work was there any property missed. - A. Yes, we applied to 
               Read
             the constable, and I accompanied Read when he went to search the prisoner's house. I saw all the property found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am a police officer. I, in company with the last witness, went to the prisoner's house and found these things, he keeps an oyster shop facing Gray's Inn Lane. Some of the property was found in a cock-loft, and some down below. They were all found in his house.
PIKE. This is a piece of Irish, about four yards and a half, we missed a piece bearing the same number, number eleven, this shawl was missed, and this is apiece of printed cotton. I believe they are all my master's.
JOHN CRESWOOD. I bought this piece of print of Mr. Craig, I returned it because there was some damage upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. These things were bought at different times, and at different places in this metropolis.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
