





62. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MAYNARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Moore
                        




                     
                  , about twelve o'clock in the night of the 3d of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein 480 table knives, value 40 l.; 480 table forks, value 20 l.; 180 penknives, value 50 l.; 96 pair of scissors, value 6 l.; 48 pair of snuffers, value 12 l.; 18 carving-knives, value 3 l.; 18 carving-forks, value 1 l., and 36 corkscrews, value 5 l., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a working cutler
, and live in Oxford-street


. On the 3d of November, about ten o'clock at night, I left my shop fastened, as usual, and went to bed. I came down stairs next morning, about half-past eight o'clock, and found the door unlocked, and the shop stripped of all the property; the drop-latch on the door was stuffed with paper, to prevent its falling; this was on Wednesday. I heard nothing of the property until Saturday, when Aston produced a penknife to me, which I knew to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  ASTON
               



            . I am servant to Locock and Fryat, pawnbrokers, Whitecross-street. On the 7th of November the prisoner pledged a penknife for 4 s. I suspected it was stolen, in consequence of a hand-bill, and ran out after her, but could not find her. On Sunday morning I went to the prosecutor, who claimed the knife. On the 20th of November the prisoner brought six table-knives and forks and a steel to pledge. I gave her in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. She gave her name as 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stevens
               



            , Old-street. I have heard that she was living with a man of that name.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HARRIOTT 
                  HEATH
               



             (witness for the prisoner). I am the prisoner's sister, and live in Brick-lane. From the last day of October to the 6th of November she slept with me every night, and was never out between ten o'clock at night and nine o'clock the next morning. I know it, because our father came to town, and she came to my house to see him.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
