





188. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SWAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, two yards of lace, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Kimpton
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  KIMPTON
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, 160 Fleet Street


, I have no partner. On the 5th of February, about five o'clock in the afternoon, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Swain
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Price
               



             came into the shop, they asked me to look at some laces suitable to a child's cap, I took a piece off the line in the window, I shewed it them, they told me they did not like it, they wished me to shew them some in a box, I refused to shew them, they then asked me to look at some remnants, I took one single piece off the parcel and throwed it before them. In the mean time three ladies came in, they wished to look at some out of the remnant basket, I took the remnant basket out with the remnants, and pushed it about three quarters of a yard from Swain and Price. At the time they were looking at the lace, Swain and Price were finding fault with the remnant which I had laid before them. The other three ladies took three pieces out of the basket and laid by the side of them, Swain laid her hand on two pieces of them, and got them in her hand. The ladies who made choice of the two looked round and could not find the two pieces, they said that Swain had got the two pieces, she turned her back to Price and made no answer. I did not take any notice at the time that I saw it done. Price found fault with the lace I had laid before them and asked Swain whether she liked the remnant, she made answer, that she would be a judge for herself, she knew nothing about it, and then they refused the lace and were going out, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Swain
               



             with the lace in her hand. I got over the counter shut the door, and desired the lad to fetch a constable, I pulled the handkerchief out of her hand, the lace tumbled out.
Mr. Reynolds. You have told us of three ladies being in your shop, had you your goods pretty much on the counter at the time. - A. No, nothing but a remnant basket full of bits of lace, only these two pieces were by the side of the prisoner. The prisoner was standing by the side of the counter, I did not see the handkerchief in her hand until she clapped her hand down with the handkerchief upon the lace. I saw it done, indeed I suspected what they were about.
Q. There was a person of the name of Price that you indicted with her. - A. I had them up as being connected together, I expected them here to night.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am a constable, Mr. Kimpton gave me the two pieces of lace, I have had them in my custody ever since I took the prisoner into custody.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
