






1233. 
               
                  ANTHONY 
                  MURPHY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        George 
                        Ashton
                     




                  , one seal, value 10s., and one key, value 3s.
            , his property.



                  GEORGE 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am a clerk
. On the 13th of July, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking up Piccadilly


 with my son, and stopped a moment to view the new street. My son said a boy had stolen my watch. I felt my fob, and found it drawn up to the top, but not gone, the seal and key were both gone. I immediately turned round, saw Higgins scuffling with one of the prisoners, and pick up a pair of small scissars which fell from him. Ivery was scuffling with the other prisoner. My ribbon was cut.
JOSHUA IVERY. I am beadle of St. Ann's, Westminster. I was in Piccadilly, opposite the new street, and heard the lad say a boy had taken his father's watch. I turned round, and saw Higgins holding Murphy-another boy came towards me; I seized him, he said he had done nothing. I immediately saw Clark stopping with his hat - He dropped two small baskets and the seal and key out of his hat. I let the boy go and seized him. I asked him how he came by them? he said he sold them.


                  JOHN 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I am a tide-waiter at the custom-house. I saw the prisoners and another boy surround the prosecutor. I thought they took his watch. I saw Murphy give something to Clark. I ran up and took him, and found a pair of scissars in his right hand. Ivery took Clark. The seal, key and baskets dropped out of his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MURPHY'S Defence. I saw a boy drop the seal, and I picked it up.
CLARK'S Defence. I saw the boy drop them.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
