





584. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOPWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23rd of March
, two three shilling Bank tokens, and three shillings
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  John Wright
               



            ; he is a publican
, he keeps the Duke of Clarance, public house
; the prisoner came to our house on the 23rd of March; he asked if Mr. Wright was at home, I told him no, it was uncertain when he would be at home, he was attending Westminster Hall, he said he was a Bow-street officer; he had come to caution against taking bad notes that were offered by people living there; he asked me if I could change him a ten pound note; I said no, he then asked me to give him change for a one pound note; I said, yes; I took out two three shilling tokens, and three shillings and laid them on the bar shelf, he put them in his pocket; I asked him for the one pound note, and said I would give him the rest of the change; he said he was coming in again or I might send the girl with it; he went out of the house with the two three shilling tokens and the three shillings; I never saw him again until I saw him at the office.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner and took him to the office; I searched him and found four three shilling tokens, and some bits of paper upon him about the size of Bank notes.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . The prisoner does not belong to Bow-street office, he has got his living in this way for six years past, and has been twice convicted.



               GUILTY
             aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
