





341. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WHISTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of March
, three keys, value 6 d. and a sheet, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am employed by the stationers of the bank of England, I live at No. 7, Bride's passage


. The prisoner had been my servant
 three months, she came with a recommendation, which happened to be a false one. On the 2nd of March, a little past one in the morning, I came home, I let myself in by a key, I observed a light in her bed-room, and thought she had gone to bed, and left the candle to the danger of the house; I knocked at the door twice, and called her by name, and received no answer. I looked over the curtain and saw a man sitting in a chair. One part of the shop is divided off, and the window looks into her bed room. I saw a man sitting in a chair, most terribly intoxicated; a a very rough and dirty looking fellow. I just touched his breast, and said, who are you, where did you come from, what do you do here; he repeated mywords, and said, what do you do here; I will let you know about that, I replied. I went to the door, shut the street door, double locked it, and left the key in, and get two watchman; I left them in the house, I returned with two watchmen; the man was taken in custody; I called the prisoner, she came up out of the cellar. I told the watchman to take her in custody, they took her to St. Bride's watchhouse. I gave charge of the man for being in my house at an unseasonable time, and as to her I could hardly tell what to say, I had lost a great deal of property, sheets, table linen, my shirts changed, others inferior placed for them. The constable searched her, there were found three keys and some duplicates. I had asked her prior to that concerning opening the drawers.
Q. Had you lost your keys - A. I had, and the three keys found upon her was mine, which she had positively denied ever seeing. I then asked her if she would give me up the accomplice I would take the linen home myself, which she refused.
Q. Among the duplicates that were found upon her was there any thing that turned out to be yours - A. One sheet, and that duplicate was found on her in my presence.
Q. Did she afterwards say any thing else on the subject - A. No, she took it with a deal of fortitude, and refused that clemency I had offered her.
Q. These keys that I had found upon her were yours - A. Yes, they are keys of a book case, and secretary, and a drawer that served as a wardrobe.
Q. Had she any business with these keys, or did you trust her with them - A. I never trusted her with them; I have never given her any key to open any place; I generally kept these keys in the buffet, or behind the book case.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watchhouse; I searched her, and found six duplicates, one was a duplicate for a sheet, pledged at Mr. Flemming's, and these three keys I found upon her, before I searched her she denied having the keys, after I found them she said nothing, but seemed sorry they were found upon her.


                  JAMES 
                  DWELLY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Flemming, pawnbroker, in Fleet-market. I produce a sheet pawned by a woman on the 14th of February, I cannot identify the prisoner; I gave a duplicate to the person that pawned the sheet, and the duplicate now produced corresponds with the one on the sheet, it is my writing, and it is the counterpart. I lent half a crown upon it. The sheet is marked J. D. No. 6.
Prosecutor. The sheet is mine, it is my marking.
Q. On the 14th of February was the prisoner in your service - A. Yes, from the 13th of February, and two of the keys are certainly mine, one opens the wardrobe, and the other opens my book-case, and this key that I do not speak to opens a drawer in which I kept my iron chest.
Mr. Walford. Has not the prisoner been in the habit of buying articles for your house - A. No, I would not pay for a farthingsworth of matches; she has brought me one false bill, and a very bad account it is. I told her I would not pay any thing but milk and rolls.
Prisoner's Defence. Upon account of having no mistress Mr. Davis gave me all the keys there was, that was four. The drawers were never locked all the time I was there; the sheets were kept up in the garret, I never was there but once, when the bricklayers were there.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
