





788. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carnelly
                        



                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the night of the 28th of August
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one watch, value 3l.; one key, value 6d.; one coat, value 10s.; and one pair of boots, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cormack
                        



                     
                  , Jun.
            



                  JAMES 
                  CORMACK
               



            , JUN. I am a boot-closer
, and live in Brewer-street, Golden-square


, in 
               
                  John 
                  Carnelly
               



            's house-the prisoner slept a few nights in my room. On the 28th of August I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock-he had a key, and let himself in afterwards. I awoke at six o'clock, and missed him and my property. I found a pair of his shoes by my bed-side instead of my own. He never returned.
JOHN CARNELLY. I am a publican
, and keep the house. On the 28th of August the prisoner went up to his bedroom about eleven o'clock; he came down again soon after, with a bundle under his coat - He had nothing with him when he went up; he never returned. He was apprehended a fortnight ago.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. I went into the country. I was not there that night.
GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
