





123. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FAULKNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, one pair of stockings, value 1s.; eight ounces of tobacco, value 1s.; one handkerchief, value 4d.; eight ounces of soap, value 4d.; one towel, value 4d.; three balls of worsted, value 2d.; one ball of twine, value 2d.; one cup, value 2d.; one pair of scissars, value 1s., and one bag, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Catley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CATLEY
               



            . I am a seaman
, and belong to the ship John, which was moored at Union-tier, Wapping


. On the 29th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I went ashore, leaving my chest aft, on deck, locked; I returned next morning, found it broken open, and the things gone-the officers brought them to me.
JOSEPH HARDING. I am a Thames Police officer. On the 30th of November, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner in a boat, with a boy. I found some fat in the boat, which made me question him; he said he bought it. I found a bag in his pocket containing a ball of twine, a sail-maker's palm, a pair of scissars, and six sail needles - He said he brought them from home; I found they belonged to the prosecutor. I found a cup in the boy's pocket.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSDEN
               



            . I am an officer. I found a bundle behind the backboard of the boat, which contained eight ounces of tobacco, a pair of stockings, and a towel.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked a hat up with the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
