






1540. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  SHORT
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MARKWELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, two legs of mutton, value 7s.; twelve quartern loaves, value 13s., and one coat, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bluck
                        



                     
                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Barber
                        



                     
                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Lawrie
                     



                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Phoebe 
                           Godsden
                        



                     
                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bayes
                        



                     
                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Acres
                     



                  ; one pinafore, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Carter
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of hose, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lusk
                        



                     
                  , and one trunk, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        Frank 
                        Mornard
                     



.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of John Bluck.


                  JOHN 
                  BLUCK
               



            . I keep an academy
, at Enfield


. On the night of the 15th of October my premises were broken open.


                  STEWART 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant, On the 16th of October when I got up, I found the cellar broken open. The school-room door was shut, but it could be opened outside. I missed these things, which were safe in a desk in the school-room the night before.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at Enfield; the prisoners also lived there. About a quarter after eight o'clock on the night of the robbery, they passed by my house - I knew them before; I spoke to Markwell; they were going in a direction to the prosecutor's. Next morning, about twenty minutes after seven, I saw them in Mr. Mellish's field, going as if from an hedge, towards a large moat. I came up to them, each of them had a parcel under his arm. They ran when I first saw them, but when I came up to them they walked. I said; "D-n you, you shall not have that, now; so you may put it down." I did not then see who they were, as I was behind them. Short turned round, and said, "D-n you, what I have found I have a right to keep." I said he should not have it. Markwell kept going on. I followed them to a large piece of deep clear water. Short got before Markwell, and threw his parcel into the water; Markwell put his down, and came up and hit me in the face, and said, "D-n your eyes, Jack, I will kill you!" I then knew him, and said I was sorry to see him there; I did not want to know him. I staggered at the blow, but did not fall. To prevent them doing me any harm, I told him Mr. Porser was coming round with his men; he then offered to shake hands with me, and said he was sorry he had hit me, and desired me to say nothing about it. I left them, and met my wife; in consequence of what she said I went to the hedge where I saw them go from, found two boxes broken open, six quartern loaves, and several pieces of bread; a direction was torn off one of the boxes, and thrown into the hedge, with the prosecutor's, Bluck, name upon it. About half an hour after I found nine pin-cloths and a coat, in the water; another man pulled out two legs of mutton. I afterwards found another coat.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SLOWMAN
               



            . I am a constable. Williams took me to the water about eight o'clock in the morning. I saw the parcels in the water - They were drawn out. One contained the pin-cloths and the meat
SHORT'S Defence. I found the mutton wrapped in the pin-cloths. Williams told me to put it down, we threw them down and they rolled in the water.
MARKWELL'S Defence. We found them.
MARKWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SHORT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
