





611. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of May
, a wrapper, value 1 s. twenty-two yards of kerseymere, value 5 l. 10 s. nine yards of cambric muslin, value 1 l. 5 s. 9 d. and fifty-six yards of cotton, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Scholefield
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMART
               



            . I am a carman. I drive Mr. Scholefield's cart, at the George inn. I was taking out a truss to go to Mr. Denbigh's, Monument yard; the truss weighed an hundred and a half, and just as my back was turned, this other truss was taken out of my cart. I was not absent above three minutes. I am certain the truss was in the cart when I took the other out; it was the last thing I saw.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am a post-boy. I saw Smart take a pack out of the cart into Monument yard; I saw after that, two men at the cart; one in the cart, the other standing on the ground. I suspected they were robbing the cart. The man in the cart helped a truss on the shoulder of the other man on the ground. I was convinced they were thieving the truss. I followed the man with the truss, and brought him back to the cart again, and delivered him and the pack in the charge of Smart. The prisoner is the man, and this is the pack. I told the prisoner he did not belong to the cart. The cart stands in the same yard that my chaise does.
GEORGE GLOVER. I am a pork butcher, in Leadenhall-market. On the 25th of May, I was coming up Fish-street-hill, I saw the post boyseize the prisoner with the pack on his shoulder; he said, where are you going with that pack; he said, to deliver it. to be sure. The carman came up; he gave him in charge of the carman.
MR. MAXWELL. I saw the prisoner take the truss out of the cart; the post-boy and I seized him both together.


                  DAVID 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the pack, I took the prisoner into custody.
Smart. I am sure that is the same pack I had in my cart.
Prisoner's Defence. A man said, my lad, take this truss for me into Monument-yard, and when I got into Monument-yard I was laid hold of. I told the man that laid hold of me, there was the man that I was carrying it for; that man ran away. The post-boy said he saw him give it me and run away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
