





1132. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, 10 spoons, value 10 l.; one table-cloth, value 3 s.; one shawl, value 2 s.; one pair of stockings, value 1 s., and one knife, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ager
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AGER
               



            . I keep the Sun, public-house
, at Stanmore


. On the 2d of August the prisoner came with anotherman, about one o'clock, and remained there till ve. While I was drawing beer, I saw the prisoner reaching his arm into the bar, towards the drawer where my plate was kept. When I came up he said,
"Fill us a pot of beer" - I had to go into the cellar to draw it, and saw him at the bar again. My wife went to the drawer, and in consequence of what she said I looked in the drawer, and missed all the silver spoons - he was then standing by the bar, with his elbow on the half-door. I felt round his body, and found something hard under his waistcoat. I turned round, missed him, and followed him into the street, but could not see him. I went to the yard, and there saw him standing by the water-butt. As I approached him, I heard something fall, saw a table-spoon lying at his feet, and another table-spoon in a cloth on the ground. I collared and took him into the tap-room, sent for a constable, and said, if he would give me the rest of the property I would let him go. Some whispering took place between him and another man, who sat there. The prisoner then held up his head, and said,
"No, d - n me, if I split." The man then went out, and the rest of the property was brought in in five minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You found nothing on him - A. I saw him drop it. They were all safe at nine o'clock in the morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  JACKMAN
               



            . I am a labourer. I was at the Sun, and saw two table-spoons fall from the prisoner's left side as he was brought into the tap-room. He had some conversation with his brother, who shed a great many tears. He said,
"No, d - n me if I split." His brother went out with a man named Stowell, who brought the property in.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
