





199. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JACKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March
, five ducks, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dobson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DOBSON
               



            . I live in Wardour-street


, I am a paper stainer
. I lost my ducks on the 16th of March from a stable of mine in Edgware-road. The watchman took the prisoner on the night of the 16th of March, he had the ducks in a bag. On the 13th of this month I was sent for to appear against him, he had been taken up for something else. I never knew the prisoner till the 13th of this month. I only knew the ducks, they were killed that morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  HINWOOD
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner on the 16th of March last, he came by me at one o'clock in the morning towards town the Kilburn way, and then at three o'clock he came back again towards Kilburn; he passed by me, and I followed him to the top of Edgware Hill; there was a watchman there, he followed him. It was a moonlight morning. I went on along with him into the ground of one Tims, a gardener, he had a brother watching a mushroon bed. We watched about till four; I turned up to two horses that I had the care of, and coming back I met the prisoner with this bag with a horse cloth in it, five ducks, a hedging hook, and this sawyers dog-iron. I attacked him and said, what have you got there; he said, what is that to you; I made a snatch at him; he said, what do you want, you bloody fool, and turned from me; he threw the bag down, and after he ran about ten yards; I said, he might go and be d - d, if he would, I knew him. I have seen him since in the day-time.
Q. If you saw him afterwards why did not you take him up - A. It was left for the Marlborough-street officers to take him. I knew him to be a thief well. Mr. Dobson had the ducks, they were dead and all warm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINFIELD
               



            . I was calling my hour in the Edgware-road, I saw the prisoner come with the bag, it contained ducks, a horse cloth, and the other things.
Q. You are sure that is the man, are you - A. Yes; I knew him before.
Q. to prosecutor. You saw these ducks - A. Yes; I am sure they were my ducks. The dog-iron wrenched the door open, there are the marks on the place.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
