






1372. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  PAGE
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 150lbs. of lead, value 18s., the goods of 
                     
                        Eleanor 
                        Moultrie
                     



                  , widow
, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  SIMON 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a watchman of Marylebone, my beat is in Norton-street. The prosecutrix's house is No. 67, Portland-street


. On the 11th of July, a little after one o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners pass my box - They had nothing with them then. My box is at the corner of Clipstone-street, next to Portland-street. As soon as they had got round my box, two other boys passed - I immediately went round to watch them, as I knew Page before. I lost them all in a moment. I listened sometime, and then heard a talking in the prosecutrix's yard, which is only fenced off by an hedge. I remained there till half-past one o'clock, then went round part of my beat, and returned and listened sometime. I heard something come down heavily, as if somebody had jumped down into the garden - I heard nothing more for sometime. I wentround my beat and called two o'clock; returned, and heard persons talking in the yard. Nobody came out. I waited there, and omitted to call the half-hour, as I thought they might have seen me. I called the hour of three up Carburton-street, and the middle of Norton-street, and returned without finishing my round. When I came to the corner of Carburton-street, I saw two persons come in a direction from the prosecutrix's premises; they were about twenty yards from the house. I drew back and concealed myself, that they might not see me. They came up and passed me; they were each loaded. I followed and asked them what they had? they said Nothing; I desired them to stop and let me see, and laid hold of Turner; he dropped a piece of lead at my feet, which was rolled up. He had another piece and ran away with it. I had taken Page and kept him. I sprung my rattle. Turner was stopped in about five minutes. I am certain he is the man. I found two pieces of lead on Page also, rolled up under his coat. I took them both to the watch-house. I went to the prosecutrix's house that day, and took one piece of lead. I found the balcony partly stripped of its lead. The lead fitted; it appeared fresh cut. I found a knife on Page, which appeared to have cut lead.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. The transaction began about one o'clock-Yes. I waited there till three o'clock. I am sure they are the men who passed my box. I stopped them in Cirencester-place, which is two hundred yards from the house. I saw the lead dropped.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORBES KELSALL
               



            . I am Mrs. Elizabeth Moultrie's grandson. She keeps a house in the parish of Marylebone, and is a widow. The lead was safe the day before the prisoners were taken. The next morning I found it was stolen.


                  JOHN 
                  MONTEITH
               



            . I am a patrol. The prosecutor's house is within my district. I herd the alarm, and took Turner. I saw Moody stop him in Cleveland-street. I found one piece of lead upon him, and another piece in the way he came. I saw him throw it away.


                  JOHN 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the rattle sprung at the corner of Cleveland-street, and saw Wells struggling with the prisoners. Turner got from him, and I took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LESTER
               



            . I am a labourer to the East India Company, and live in Charlton-street. I heard the rattle sprung, looked out of the window, and saw two men running, and the watchman pursuing them. I saw the watchman take one of the prisoners. Soon after I saw a third man come up the street, with his hands in his pockets, as if he had something heavy in them. I saw him go towards Mr. Morris's house.


                  JOHN 
                  ANNIS
               



            . I am a plumber. I went to the prosecutrix's premises, and found a great deal of lead cut away, part of it was torn, and part cut. I saw a part of it compared with the balcony, it fitted. The four pieces weighed 130lbs.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear the lead was cut from that place - A. Yes. I repaired it; It appeared fresh cut. The balcony joins the dwelling-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a carpenter. I saw the balcony the morning it was stripped. About two feet and a quarter of lead was cut away.
EDWARD CHAMBERLAIN. I was constable of the night. The prisoners and the lead were brought to the watchhouse, and two knives. I found a knife on Turner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PAGE'S Defence. The man never saw me before.
PAGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
