





838. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 10th of August
, did by force take and carry away a certain male child of four months old, with intent to deprive 
                     
                        James 
                        M'Donald
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Mary 
                        M'Donald
                     



                  , the parents of the said child
            .
SECOND COUNT, with intent to steal the articles and apparel on and about the same child.
JAMES M'DONALD. Q. Perhaps your wife knows more about this than you do - A. No; we were both together. I live in Church-lane, St. George's.
Q. Did you lose a little boy at any time - A. Yes, about four months old. On the 10th of August I lost him. My wife and I were going to market together. We left our house a little before six in the morning. We took our infant with us; it was a boy; it was dressed. I carried the child. We were going to Billingsgate. I carried the child as far as the Seven Stars. Rosemary-lane. The prisoner stood at the door; she said, it is a fine child, let me kiss it; she took it out of my arms. I never thought of her taking it away. I went to the bar to drink my porter; my wife went with me. The woman staid outside at the door. I left the child in her arms.
Q. How long did you stay with your wife drinking your porter - A. About ten minutes, leaving my baby in this woman's arms, supposing it would be safe, and on my going to the door, the baby and the woman was gone. The bell of St. George's in the East was just ringing six o'clock. I looked up every place, I could not find the child. I got the bellman to cry the child. I am sure the prisoner is the woman that admired the child, and wanted to kiss it. I went home. 
               
                  George 
                  Sellars
               



            , the constable, brought the child to the Seven Stars, where it had been taken from. The next morning I saw the prisoner at the watchhouse in Poplar. I knew her. I am sure she is the woman that took my child. My child had no marks of violence on it when I got it again, only stripped of its clothes.
ELIZABETH M'DONALD. Q. Is that the child that was lost - A. It is; it is about five months old now; it is a boy. I and my husband went to market together on the 10th of 
               August.
             I left the child in his arms while I went into the Seven Stars to get a pint of beer. I did not see who he permitted to take it.
Q. Did you see the woman when you went into the Seven Stars - A. I just saw the glimpse of the woman; I did not speak to her. My husband can speak to her. I was about ten minutes in the house; when I came out, the child was gone. I had the child cried by the bellman, and the lady of the house writ bills. I saw the child in the evening again. The constable brought it me with no shawl nor petticoat on. It had a shawl and a petticoat on. The shawl cost fourteen shillings; the petticoat was worth a shilling. I saw no violence on the child, only as I heard the prisoner beat it very much, because it would not suck her dry breast.
JOHN WHEEL. I am a constable of Poplar, Blackwall. I was called into the Green Man, Poplar, saying, there would be a bargain of a child for the parish if I did not look after it.
Q. How far is the Green Man, Poplar, from the Seven Stars, Rosemary-lane - A. About three miles and a half.
Q. Did you see the prisoner have any child - A. Yes; she beat it, and used the child most violently. The child appeared as if it was starving almost. It was in a girl of the town's lap when I saw it first.The prisoner was by her. I thought the child looked too decent for the prisoner; the prisoner was very dirty, and the child very clean. I took the child from the girl of the town, and went to the prisoner with it; I said to the prisoner, where did you get this child; she said, it was her dear boy; that she had born a mother's pains for it; nobody had a greater right to it than herself. The child was crying; she beat it; she said, it was a cross young devil. I told her if it was her child, she had taken spirits enough, she might have a glass of water or so. I thought she had taken too much liquor for a woman to take care of a child. I watched her for nearly a mile, until I saw her out of our hamlet. At that time, I had no suspicion it was not her child. At the time I saw the child, it was very thinly clothed; it had neither shawl or petticoat on; only a frock.


                  GEORGE 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am the headborough of Blackwall and Poplar. On the 10th of August, I saw this woman, between four and five o'clock, I was called out of our drinking-house; I am a shipwright. The inhabitans called me out; the child had been cried that was lost. The inhabitants, by the child crying, did not think it her's. I went up to the woman; she was given in my charge by four housekeepers. I asked her if it was her child; she told me she would answer me to-morrow. The child had no shawl on then or under petticoat. I took the prisoner into custody; I suspected she had stolen the child. I found out the parents of the child; I gave the child afterwards to Mr. and Mrs. M'Donald; I kept the child half an hour after Mrs. M'Donald saw it, before she could take she fainted away at seeing the child; the mother has it now.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say; I leave it to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
