





207. 
               
                  ROBERT WILLIAM FELTON
                  LATHROP
               




             was indicted for that 


               he on the 12th of June, in the 37th year of his Majesty's reign, at Londonderry, did take to wife one 
                     
                        Alicia
                        Marshall
                     



                  , and to her was married. That he on the 25th of August, in the 45th year of his Majesty's reign
 did take to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Catherine
                           Clerk
                        




                     
                  ; spinster, his former wife being then alive
            .
REV. DR. BLACK. I am a presbyterian clergyman. at Ulster; I was so in the month of July, 1787.
Q. Did you know the young lady of the name of 
               
                  Alicia
                  Marshall
               



             - A. I did, her family were members of my congregation.
Q. On the 12th of July did you celebrate the marriage between her and the prisoner - A. I understood he was captain of the Royal Mantz Fencibles
; they had been quartered at Londonderry.
Q. Had you seen him upon different occasions at your usual place of worship - A. I had seen him there more than once.
Q. Who was present at the marriage - A. Her father presented her to be married; he gave her away and her two sisters were present, and alderman Lichley it was a public marriage, as public as any other marriages; no circumstance of concealment whatever. He afterwards left Londonderry for England. Mrs. Lathrop continued to live at Londonderry; I saw her on the day I left Londonderry, on the 27th of December.


                  GEORGE
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Moore, a Procter, in the Commons. I produce the book of the affidavits in the month of 
               August. 
            1801; this is the original affidavit upon which the licence is granted,


                  RICHARD
                  MEAD
               



            , I am clerk to Ucther and Wiltshire, attorneys, in Angel-court; I have seen the prisoner write. Our office has done business for him.
Q. Look at that signature, and tell me whether you believe that is his hand writing - A. I am more inclined to think it is his writing more than that it isnot.
REV. 
               
                  WILLIAM
                  LEE
               



            . Are you the clergyman of St. Mary-le-bone - A. I am.
Q. Have you the register of the marriage of 
               
                  Robert
                  William Felton Lathrop
               



             and Catherine Clark - A, Yes. " On the 25th of August,1801, Robert 
               
                  William
                  Felton Lathrop
               



            , of Felton Hall". and 
               
                  Catherine
                  Clark
               



            , of this parish spinster, were married in this church by licence, this 25th day of August in the 1801. The affidavit read.


                  JAMES
                  REEVES
               



            . I am chief clerk at the office Union Hall; I was present at Union Hall on the 9th of January, when the prisoner was brought to the office on this charge; what he said, was not taken in writing; a copy of a register was produced and read, I cannot say it was this. The conversation that took place was in the presence of Dr. Black, the Magistrate and the solicitors on both sides.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing about the marriage to Dr. Black - A. He admitted there were two ceremonies that took place; he denied the legality of the first; he admitted to his marrying Miss Clark he denied the legality of the marriage, with Miss Marshall. Dr. Black was present at this conversation, and the prisoner's own solicitor was there, myself and Mr. Pickering, a merchant in Mark-lane,
Mr. Gurney. Q. to Dr. Black. We have learned from Mr. Reeves that you were present at the examination at Union Hall - A. I was.
Q. Was the copy of the register of the marriage produced - A. There was a paper produced.
Q. Upon that did the prisoner say any thing of the marriage by you to 
               
                  Alicia
                  Marshall
               



             - A. The prisoner said he had no wife in the world but 
               
                  Catherine
                  Clark
               



             in Seymour place; with respect to Alica Marshall he did not deny but that he had been married to her, but that he was a boy, under age. I gave my opinion that he was an adult; he said he had got a compensation for the father for the injury he had done to him, and whatever Dr. Black pointed out to him he would do. I said, sir, I have no respect for you; I will do nothing for you.



               GUILTY
             aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr, Recorder.
