





168. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 17th of September
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gainford
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money and valuable securities for him; that he being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession, on account of his said master, eight shillings in money, thirteen two-pound bank-notes, and eleven one-pound bank-notes, and that he afterwards did secrete and steal the said eight shillings, and seven one-pound bank-notes
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GAINSFORD
               



            . The prisoner received several sums for me in 1811. He received thirty-sevenpounds eight shillings, of 
               
                  Jenkin 
                  Jones
               



            , a customer of mine. He gave me thirty pounds of it. He embezzled seven pounds eight shillings. He kept a memorandum-book, in which he entered all the sums he paid me, and I signed my name to it. This is the memorandum-book. It is his handwriting.
JENKIN JONES. I am a woollen-draper, and man's mercer. I live in Bedfordbury, St. Martin's-lane.
Q. Are you a customer to Mr. Gainsford - A. Yes.
Q. Did you pay him any money in September, 1811 - A. Yes, I did. I have got the receipt here. " 17th of September, 1811. Received of Mr. Jenkin Jones, thirty-seven pounds eight shillings. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Rogers
               



            ." I paid the prisoner that money, and I saw the prisoner write that receipt. I have known the prisoner for years; his character was a very good one.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I can assure you I had no intention of wronging my employer, but faithfully returning to him every shilling. I have served several gentlemen of the city, who will testify my character when I had the honour of serving them.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
