





1464. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 48 silver forks, value 45 l.; four knives, value 2 l.; and four other forks, value 2 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tremlett
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John Thomas 
                     Leslie
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kidder
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS LESLIE
               



            . I am an engraver
, in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tremlett
               



            ; we live at No. 15, Oxendon-street, Leicester-square. On Wednesday, the 6th of October, I received the articles stated in the indictment from Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Kidder
               



            , of the Strand, to engrave; the following day they were applied for by a person whom I did not see. The person spoke through a speaking-pipe in the passage, which comes into the shop up stairs. I sent Brooks down to him to say they were not done.
Q. Then the person must be acquainted with your shop, and know the manner of speaking - A. I should suppose so. A second application was made about an hour after in the same manner; I then sent Walker down to say they should be sent directly, as they were not quite ready. I sent Brooks home with the whole of them about a quarter of an hour after. I have never recovered them.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The person asked for Mr. Kidder's things - A. Yes. I have no knowledge of the prisoner whatever.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am apprentice to the last witness - I know the prisoner. I first saw him on Wednesday, the 6th of October, in my master's passage, between one and two o'clock. I was sent down to tell him Mr. Kidder's things were not quite done, but that they should be done and sent directly - I told him so. He said he had come from Mr. Kidder, he then went away. I was with him a few minutes.
Q. When did you see him again - A. About half-past three o'clock; I saw him in Castle-street, Leicester-fields, I was taking the things home to Mr. Kidder's. He came rather behind me, and asked if I had got those things of Mr.Kidder's? I recollected him to be the person who came to the shop; I am quite sure the prisoner is that person - I have no doubt of it at all. He said he had just been again to my master's for them, and if I would give them to him he would take them. I gave them to him, and he turned up Castle-street.
Q. That was a contrary direction to the Strand - A. Yes; I asked him where he was going to take them to? he said,
"Why, to Mr. Kidder's, but I must call first in St. Martin's-lane." I thought then that I had done wrong in parting with them, as I had never seen him at Kidder's. He had a long brown coat on, black handkerchief, and Hessian boots. I let him go, thinking he might be some one in the trade - I did not suspect he was a thief.
Q. When did you next see him - A. On the Sunday afternoon, at Mr. Crow's curds-and-whey house in the Park, he was in custody there. I was sent for to see if he was the person; I knew him directly, I am quite sure of him.
Cross-examined. Q. You first saw him in the passage, is that a light place - A. It is light enough to see who a person is. The pipe is in the passage. He said he had come for Mr. Kidder's things - he did not say what was to be engraved upon them. I left him instantly, and saw the same person afterwards in the street. I had the things in leather and in a paper parcel, in a bag.
Q. Could you know a tradesman of your own by the manner of his carrying the bag - A. We carry them on our shoulder, and so did he.
COURT. Q. Did you give a description of his person - A. Yes, my Lord, I immediately described him at Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Leslie. I first saw the prisoner at our house on Wednesday, the 6th of October, between two and three o'clock. I went down to answer the pipe, and found him in the passage; I asked him which order of Kidder's he wanted? he seemed confused, and did not appear to know what order we had. He asked for those things of Mr. Kidder's, and desired they might be sent down directly. I asked him what order? he said the order that was most forward was to be sent, and said,
"You know." The forks were the forwardest order. He said he would tell Mr. Kidder, and if they were not sent Kidder would come himself in ten minutes for them, for Kidder was very angry that they were not sent, and that he would tell him he saw the boy out of the door coming with them. He was about two minutes with me - the things were sent directly.
Q. Are you sure he is the man who spoke to you in the passage - A. I am. I saw him on the Saturday morning in the Park, and watched him into the Strand. I ran home for Brooks to identify him, leaving a young man to watch him. I found Brooks was not at home, returned, and saw him farther down, near the New Church; he stopped at Mr. Foster's, a silversmith, in the Strand, looking in at the window, and another young man with him. I thought he knew he was being watched. As soon as our eyes were off him, he ran up a court in the Strand, nearly opposite Somerset House - he was walking gently until he came to Foster's, he then ran, his companion remained. I told Jackson to watch him, while I went in pursuit of the prisoner, but could not find him. I went into the Park on the Sunday morning, a little after ten o'clock, with another young man, followed the soldiers to Knightsbridge, saw the prisoner at the barracks, and took him into custody; we lodged him at Crow's, by the Stable-yard gate. He asked what we took him for? I would not tell him. I fetched Brooks to him. I have no doubt whatever of his being the man, nor never had any.
Cross-examined. Q. The first time he was with you was only a minute or two - A. Yes; I never saw him before. I think he saw me in the Park on Saturday.


                  ANN 
                  BEACH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Leslie. On Wednesday, the 6th of October, I saw the prisoner at my master's house a little after one o'clock. He rang the bell, and I opened the door to him. I am sure he is the man I saw there.
Q. Did you open the door to him the second time - A. Yes, it was him both times. I saw him in custody on the Monday; as soon as I saw him I was sure he was the man - I have no doubt of it.
Cross-examined. Q. You only saw him as you opened the door - A. I saw him call up the pipe - he went to the pipe of his own accord.


                  JOHN 
                  KIDDER
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in the Strand. I took four dozen forks to be engraved, I never sent the prisoner for them; I never received them - he is a perfect stranger.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURRY
               



            . I am a painter and glazier, and live at Stretton-ground; I work with Mr. Cobbet, of Bedford-street, Covent-garden. I know the prisoner and his mother, we have been brought up children together. He has been an attorney's clerk in Air-street - he was never in the silversmith business.
Q. On the Wednesday before he was taken up do you know any thing of him - A. Yes, I met him between twelve and one o'clock in New Tothil-street; we had a pint of beer together at the Wheatsheaf, and staid there until one, I then went within a stone's throw of Stretton-ground with him, where he lives.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Where were you at work at that time - A. At the Horse Guards. I go to dinner at twelve o'clock, and return at one. I had been working there about six weeks. I generally get refreshments near to where I work.
Q. How did it happen that on that Wednesday you should go all the way to Stretton-ground - A. I was not very well, and was persuaded to get bled.
Q. Do you mean to swear you were bled within that hour - A. No; I went to Mr. Mount, a doctor, his shop-man persuaded me not to be bled. I dined at the public-house where we went.
JURY. Q. Did you ever know Mount bleed any one - A. I do not know. I was persuaded to go to him. I had been to his shop to get salts before.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Was you ever bled in your life - A. Never. I heard the prisoner was apprehended on the Sunday - I was not in the Strand with him on Saturday. I did not see him on the Saturday until after seven o'clock in the evening, I then saw him at his own house; I had left work at half-past five o'clock. I was with him on Sunday,when he was taken. I saw Watkins at the milk-house. I went to the watch-house with him, and heard the charge made against him - I attended before the magistrate next day; I did not give this account there - I believe I did not go into the office.
Q. When the charge was made against him at the watch-house, I suppose you told the young man you was in his company at the time, and that it could not be - A. Yes, I did. I think it was this young man, but will not be sure.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Whether Mount is in the practice of bleeding you do not know - A. No; I think I attended at the Justice's three times.
COURT. Q. You say he was in the employ of an attorney in Air-street; was he out of employ at the time - A. Yes, my Lord, he has been out of employ twelve months - that is the last place he was in.


                  ELIZA 
                  GARNHAM
               



            . I go out washing and ironing, and lodge with the prisoner's mother, at No. 27, Stretton-ground, Westminster - I have lodged there seven years.
Q. Do you remember the Wednesday before the Sunday that he was taken up - A. Yes, I remember meeting him, about one o'clock, at the corner of the street where his mother lives - I believe it had not struck one; he had turned into the street, I supposed he was going home to dinner; I was also going home, but did not go the way he did.
Q. Did you see him afterwards - A. I heard him, but did not see him. His mother keeps the lower parlours and the kitchen.
Q. Did he get in before you - A. Yes. I had an errand, which kept me out ten minutes or a quarter of an hour. I heard his voice in the garden, towards the back-door. They dine about one; he generally dines with her. I was up stairs. I do not remember hearing him again.
Cross-examined. Q. How does he get his livelihood - A. He has been an attorney's clerk three or four years ago. I do not think he has done any thing since, except keeping his mother's books. I do not think I spoke when I met him. I live in the first floor - the dining-room is just below me.
Q. You heard his voice, what was he talking about - A. His mother has a favourite dog; he was either scolding or coaxing it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You saw him a little before one o'clock going towards the house, and about ten minutes after heard him speaking to the dog - A. Yes. His mother does a good deal of business; she generally keeps six women.
Q. The prisoner's business was to set the linen down and put the price to it - A. That is all.


                  ELIZA 
                  GREENFIELD
               



            . I live at Mrs. M'Dowell's, New Peter-street.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Wednesday before the Sunday that the prisoner was taken up. - A. Yes; I cooked his dinner, and he eat it at his mother's house. I cooked his dinner between twelve and one o'clock; to the best of my recollection, he came home about twenty minutes after one - he dined with his mother. He was at dinner till about two, I think, and remained at home till half-past four o'clock, to the best of my knowledge - he was never out of doors all this time. His mother and I had tea together, but whether he had tea with us or not I do not recollect. He went out at half-past four o'clock.
Q. Were you employed there all day - A. From eleven o'clock. I attended three times at Marlborough-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the reason you were not examined at Marlborough-street, that the prosecutor's attorney told you the magistrate would not hear his witnesses - A. I heard nothing of the kind. We were told so at the second examination.
Q. Is his mother fond of cats - A. She keeps none; there are several in the house.
Q. Do you remember his making a noise at a cat, if he had, would the last witness have heard it - A. She might; I do not remember the circumstance. I do not recollect any noise being made.
Q. He did not come home until twenty minutes past one o'clock - A. No, I am quite positive of that.
Q. What makes you positive - A. One of the women went out to work; I asked her the time, she said it was twenty minutes past one.
Q. Then it was impossible he could have come home at one - A. He might, but I did not see him.
COURT. Q. I understood you to say it was twenty minutes after one o'clock when he did come - A. He might have been in another room, that was the time he came into his mother's room.
Q. Did you not positively swear you was sure that was the time he came home - A. Yes, I did.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Do you remember his making a noise at a cat there - A. No.
Q. If there had been any noise with a cat, or any other animal, you would have heard it - A. I cannot say; I did not dine with them. I live less than a quarter of a mile off.
COURT. Q. When did you get your dinner - A. I had none; it is seldom I have any. I sometimes have nothing from breakfast till tea. I left the house about ten o'clock at night.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you drink any spirits or porter at all - A. No, neither, that day. I fetched them a pot of porter that day in an earthen jug, from the Two Brewers, opposite his mother's. There were two women washing down stairs.
Q. And so you neither drank beer nor spirits, nor eat any thing that day - A. I suppose I drank a glass of spirits between five and six o'clock. I had a glass between five and six.
Q. What had they for dinner - A. Stewed eels. His mother does not like cooking, and so I cook for her frequently.
Q. Was there any ironing going on that day - A. No, none at all; we were starching the linen, and did nothing else. I am constantly employed by the prisoner's mother in ironing and starching. I am not there every day.
Q. You are quite sure there was no noise that could be heard up stairs - A. None that I heard.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you derive your knowledge of him only from what the woman told you when she came in - A. Only from that - we have no clock.

Q. Does the prisoner's mother keep a dog - A. She does. I do not remember the prisoner either scolding or coaxing it - if it had been so, Garnham might have heard it.
Q. Where was you starching - A. In his mother's apartment. I do both ironing and starching - starching is part of the preparation for ironing.
COURT. Q. How was the prisoner employed - A. After dinner he was reading to himself - his mother only keeps one dog, which is a little brown one - I drank tea with her about four o'clock; I think he did not drink tea with us, but he was at home at tea-time - he sometimes takes milk instead of tea. He was reading the fourth volume of the Children of the Abbey, which I had brought him to read from my daughter, three or four days before; his mother knew I had brought it there.
Q. How was his mother employed between dinner and tea - A. Washing down below with the women - I was up stairs; I am quite sure of that. I cooked the dinner in the same room where they eat it.
A. And in the same room you were starching the linen - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  William 
                  Burry
               



             - A. I have a small acquaintance with him - he knew the prisoner; I do not know where he lives. I did not see him any part of the day on Wednesday; I was at work there on the Saturday the prisoner was taken.
Q. Did he dine at home then - A. Please to let me recollect - (hesitaling) - I cannot say.
Q. Did you cook the dinner on Saturday - A. I did not, nor on Friday, Thursday, Tuesday, or Monday.
Q. How came you to cook it on Wednesday - A. His mother was busy in helping the women at work.
Q. I suppose there is a great deal to be done on Monday and Tuesday - A. On Monday we go into the City, and on Tuesday I have to go to Oxford-road for linen; we begin working on Monday night. The linen is not ready to be starched until Wednesday. If the weather is dull, we dry the linen in the house - Wednesday was a dull day.
Q. What sort of weather was Monday and Tuesday - A. I cannot recollect.
Q. What makes you recollect Wednesday was dull - A. I was ill, and wanted to take some medicine, but it being cold I put it off - and in fact I have not taken it yet.
Q. Was the prisoner at home or out on Saturday - A. I cannot tell.
Q. How late did you stay at his mother's on Saturday - A. It was eleven o'clock - I cannot say whether he was at home on Saturday or not; I did not leave before eleven o'clock. I am positive I did not see Burry on Saturday.
Q. What makes you remember cooking the dinner on Wednesday as you frequently did it - A. Because my mistress said she was glad I had come, as she had got eels for dinner and did not like to clean them. I had dressed eels for her before.
Q. When was it that anybody spoke to you about the prisoner being at home on the Wednesday - A. On the Sunday he was taken, his mother sent for me, and told me that she had heard her son was in trouble - she did not then tell me what it was about.
Q. When did she tell you - A. About nine o'clock at night - we went to the watch-house together; she saw her son and spoke to him. I did not hear the discourse between them, but as we were going home, she told me that her son had been impeached for getting articles - I did not hear what they were. We went to Marlborough-street on Monday.
Q. Who first mentioned Wednesday to you - A. I will recollect a little - I think it was Mr. Price, the solicitor.
Q. When did he first mentioned Wednesday to you - A. Whether it was Monday or Thursday I cannot tell. I heard him mention to the prisoner's mother that it was on Wednesday that this happened.
Q. When did you first mention that you knew he was at home - A. On the Monday.
Q. When did you first hear that he was taken up for any thing done on Wednesday - A. On Monday - I believe his mother told me, and it being such a short time from the Wednesday to the Monday, I remembered it.
Q. Did you tell his mother that you remembered it, or did she say you did - A. I do not recollect.


                  ELIZA 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. He lived with Mr. Pike, in Air-street, two years - Mr. Pike is now dead; he has been out of his employ two years, since which he has assisted me - I am a laundress, and work for families in Parliament-street, Oxford-street, and the City. My son assisted me with his pen and in carrying out linen - he was taken up on Sunday; I saw him that evening at St. James's watch-house at nine o'clock. Greenfield went with me - she assisted me in ironing.
Q. Does that include any thing besides merely passing the iron backward and forward - A. Merely that. She comes to me every Wednesday to iron - she irons and plaits shirts. I always starch them myself ready for her to iron.
Q. On the Wednesday before the Sunday your son was apprehended, was she employed by you - A. She was, she came about ten o'clock.
Q. Do you keep a dog - A. No, but there is one in the house, which is 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Garnham
               



            's. It is a large rough dog - brown and white.
Q. Was your son out on Wednesday - A. He was out a little while in the morning; he came home about one o'clock - he came home by himself. Greenfield was with me - my son dined with me; we had stewed eels, nothing else. Greenfield cooked them in the front parlour, which is the same room where we dined and worked - she did not dine with us; it might be about a quarter past one o'clock - we were about half an hour at dinner.
Q. What did your son do after dinner - A. He sat down, reading a book, the best part of the afternoon; he went out about half-past four o'clock, and returned about ten o'clock at night - he drank tea with me before he went out. Greenfield drank tea with us. I went to the justice on Monday with Greenfield, Garnham, and Burry; I was in the room, but nothing was said to me - the others were not in the room. My son was never in the employ of a silversmith or engraver.
Cross-examined. Q. Greenfield comes only on Wednesday - A. That is the first day of the week she comes - she stays all the rest of the week if I have sufficient work forher. I do the starching in the room where she irons - I allow my son eighteen pence a week for pocket-money.
Q. He carries out the linen and fetches it - A. Yes, if it is not too heavy. I have a man to fetch it, and my son assists.
Q. If he cannot bring it all, who do you send for it - A. I have a horse and cart, which a man drives - Greenfield had none of our dinner.
Q. Did she go home to dinner that day - A. Yes, about twelve o'clock, and returned at half-past twelve.
Q. Had you any women washing that day - A. Yes, two below stairs.
Q. Greenfield never brought any novels to your house - A. Not that I know of - my son read to himself. I believe he cut his own bread and butter at tea.
JURY. Q. You say you employ a horse and cart, and a man, and your son assists in getting the linen; does any one else fetch it - A. Sometimes a woman - Greenfield has fetched it at different times. I do not recollect that she fetched any that week.
COURT. Q. Where does your son get books - A. There are books about the house, which I have had in former days. I believe Greenfield has once or twice brought him books - I do not know what book he was reading.
Q. What occasion have you for a horse and cart - A. To fetch the linen from the City. I employ women to fetch it nearer home.
Q. Was Burry with your son on the Wednesday - A. When he came home he said that he had seen him in the street.
Q. He did not say that he had drank with him - A. No, he was not at my house that day.
Q. Did you see him at your house between the Wednesday and Sunday - A. No.
Q. Where did you get your beer from at dinner - A. From the Two Brewers, public-house, in our street; I sent a little boy to order it - I am sure of it - he ordered them to bring it.
Q. Who brought it to you - A. I suppose the pot-boy did.
Q. Are you sure you did not send Greenfield for it - A. She often fetched it - I cannot be positive, but I think I sent for it that day; I suppose I took it at the door myself. Greenfield cooked the dinner, because I was busy in starching the linen, and preparing it for ironing. I was attending to the washing and drying all that day - I did not wash myself.
Q. How was Greenfield employed before dinner - A. In cleaning the eels and making up the fire; she did nothing else before dinner.
Q. Did she do any thing else but iron after dinner - A. No. I starched and prepared it myself.
Q. Do you know where your son was on Saturday - A. He was out and in, and chiefly about the house. I believe he went out about eleven o'clock in the morning, and came home between eleven and twelve, for I had something for him to do. He did not go out again till between four and five o'clock - not before.
Q. Did Greenfield go to the watch-house with you - A. Yes, she was present, and heard the conversation between us.
Q. When did you first see Mr. Price on this business - A. On the Wednesday after the Sunday. He went to Marlborough-street on Thursday with me, but he was not there on Monday.
Q. Did you tell Greenfield that your son was charged with doing this on Wednesday - A. I think I did.
Q. Does she cook for you more frequent than you do yourself - A. Yes.
JURY. Q. How is your son generally dressed - A. As he is now. He has an old brown great coat, but no boots - he never wore them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURY
               



             re-examined. Q. You saw nothing of the prisoner on Wednesday, except when you came from dinner - A. No.
Q. Did you not represent that you knew he was hard at work all that day - A. Yes, I knew him to be at work for his mother.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
