





804. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     NOBBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 20th of August
, a silver watch and chain, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pearce
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a seafaring man
, and met the prisoner in a place called the Back-lane, Ratcliffe Highway, and we fell into conversation; I told him I came home in the Gretna, and asked him if he had no better rigging than that which he had on, and I told him, if he would go with me, I would rig him better. He went with me to my lodgings, and I took out of my chest, a silk waistcoat, a pair of trowsers, and a jacket, and gave them to him. My landlady then came in, and told me I was giving clothes away to a common thief, and shoved him out of doors. I thought he was really in distress, and jumped over the hatch which she had shut, and followed him. He said, he would get a warrant for her for saying what she did of him, and soon after, he remarked what a pretty little watch I had, and asked me to let him look at it; I took it, and gave it into his hand, holding the chain myself, which he gently drew out of my hand; I turned, and immediately he was gone; I pursued, and lost sight of him, and so I gave information at the office. The next time I saw him was in the custody of Brown, the officer.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and asked him what he had done with the watch, and he said, he had taken it back to Pearce. Going along, he said, Brown, it is no use telling you a lie, I have pawned the watch; he told me the pawnbroker's, and after I took him to the office, I went and got the watch; and here it is.


                  DAVID 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I am a slop-seller, and lent the prisoner two shillings upon a duplicate for a watch, which I went and redeemed immediately; and when Mr. Brown, the officer, came to me, he got it.


                  Edward 
                  Pearce
               



            . That is my watch.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Watson.
