





267. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FIDGETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Abrahams
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ADRAHAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Tothill-street. On the 6th of December, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was at the Horse Guards


; I could not get through, as the soldiers were in the yard - there was a great crowd. I put my hand to my pocket, and felt my handkerchief drawn out by my hand, turned round, collared the prisoner, and another man in a smock frock, and said,
"One of you have taken my handkerchief!" - they both denied it. I held them both, and Cole said, the prisoner had got it. I let the other go. The prisoner made use of bad language, and was going to strike him. Cole seized him, and found the handkerchief in his hand - I saw it fall from his hand - I think the other man took it. There were two more with him, who used bad language to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a currier. I was close to Mr. Abrahams, and saw the handkerchief between the prisoner's fingers. The prosecutor turned round, I said the prisoner had it - he immediately dropped it, and said I was a liar, and ought to have my h - dy head knocked off. Two or three others were with him. He tried to strike me.


                  EDWARD 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a currier. I was standing at the Horse Guards, just behind Abrahams, and close to the prisoner. Abrahams accused the prisoner and another man with stealing his handkerchief - the prisoner turned round, and I saw it fall from him - it could have fallen from nobody else.


                  HENRY 
                  BETTS
               



            . I am a constable. I saw a crowd, found the prisoner in custody, and took him. There was a man in a smock-frock followed us to the watch-house. Very bad expressions passed between them. There were thirty or forty in the gang, or I would have taken him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Cole beat me, and said he would get something by it. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
