







222. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BERRY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ENGLAND
                  




               
            , were indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, a box of figs, value 1l. 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Kemble
                  



               
            , and others.
To this indictment the prisoner Sullivan, pleaded



               GUILTY
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HORR
               



            . I am warehouse-man to Messrs. Smith, Kemble, and Company. On the evening of the day in the indictment, different articles of grocery, and among them the box in question, were put into our waggon, to be conveyed to different persons.


                  JOHN 
                  TUBB
               



            . I am waggoner to Messrs. Smith, Kemble, and Company. This box was put into the waggon at about three o'clock, in the fore part of the waggon, on the near side; it could be seen by any body all the way.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. It could not fall out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I was an officer; but am not so now, on account of the new regulation of the police. On the evening of the 1st of February, I saw the prisoners Berry and Sullivan with another man, and a cart going along Holborn. In the course of the evening, they were joined by the prisoner 
               
                  Jane 
                  England
               



            , and a man; I saw them at the bottom of King-street, Holborn; they had a horse and cart. Sullivan and Berry attempted several waggons; but England kept close by the horse and cart; it was a little kind of a costermonger's cart. The fourth person I lost sight of shortly afterwards. Their horse and cart stood on the near side of Holborn. When the prosecutor's waggon was coming along. Berry and Sullivan made up to the waggon, and looked into it, and then came and spoke to the third man and England. Their horse's head was then turned round, and Sullivan went to the off side of the waggon, and kept close to the tail of it. After following it some time, I observed somebody on the tailboard; the moment the cart came to Smart's-buildings


, I found Sullivan had got a chest, and I immediately collared him, and instantly knocked the chest off his shoulder. and took him into custody, and England came up, and attempted to rescue him; I threatened England if she did not go away, that I would take her into custody. She said, what do you ill use the man for. I secured the man, and took England into custody. The next morning, I went with Furzeman after Berry, and apprehended him. I am quite sure of Berry's person; I could not be deceived, for I have known him so long.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am an officer, and assisted in apprehending Berry.
(Chest produced, and sworn to.)
Berry's Defence. I was going to the corner for Mr. Watkins, and after I had been there, I went home, and put my horse and cart up, and I have been obliged to sell them to provide for this case, and I know nothing at all of the robbery.
England's Defence. I was going up High Holborn, and saw 
               
                  John 
                  Sullivan
               



             with two men with him, and they asked me if I would have any thing to drink, and I said yes, and I went into a shop with them, and had something, and then I parted with them. I then went into the cook-shop to have a bason of soup, and heard a noise outside; when I went out to see what was the matter, Mr. Barrett had John Sullivan, and was beating him, and when I spoke to him, he took me into custody.
SULLIVAN, GUILTY, aged 33.
BERRY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
ENGLAND, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
