





308. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of January
, a great coat, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Adalid
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PAMPLING
               



            . I am housemaid at Mr. Sultana. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Adalid
               



             is a visitor at Mr. Sultana's, from Spain. On the 30th of January, at half after eight o'clock in the morning, the cook was cleaning the door; she went out to change a pail of water; she left the door wide open. As I was coming out of the parlour into the lobby I met the prisoner with the coat. I said, holloa, sir. He said, holloa, ma'am, and whipped the coat on his left arm. He walked from the lobby, and directly he got into South-street he ran. I ran after him, and called out, stop thief; with the coat under his arm. He dropped the coat before he was stopped. I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COVEY
               



            . I am a green-grocer in Cross-street. I saw the prisoner running with the coat under his arm. I took the prisoner in custody, and gave charge of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am an headborough. This is the great coat.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pampling
               



            . This is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Adalid
               



            's coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along upon my business; stop thief was called out. I had as just right as any other man to stop a thief. I knocked the man down. I had a right to knock a thief down at any time, and the second companion of the thief, he pretended to be a constable. He collared me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
