





63. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, six shifts, value 12s. four slips, value 12s two petticoats, value 5s. two pair of stays, value 3s. three jackets, value 3s. one night gown, value 3s. twelve towels, value 12s. thirteen table-cloths, value 1l. one sheet, value 10s. one shirt, value 3s. twenty-one children's night gowns, value 1l. seven aprons, value 7s. forty-five pinafores, value 45s. and twelve childrens frocks, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Tippets
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SHILSTON
               



            . I am a mangler, and live at No. 4, West-street, Somers Town. Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Tippets
               



             lives at 19, Judd-place


, and employed me to mangle for her. I mangled the articles named in the indictment, on the 10th; I packed them up on the 11th, and sent them home by my son, at about nine o'clock in the morning. At about four in the afternoon, Mrs. Tippets's servant called for the clothes, and I told her I had sent them by my son; never thinking but that they had been delivered safely.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHILSTON
               



            . I received a basket of clothes on the 11th, to take to Mrs. Tippets's; I left my mother's house at about nine o'clock. The prisoner met me at the corner of Jane-street, which leads into West-street, where I live. She asked me if those were Mrs. Tippits's things? I told her they were. She asked me to leave them with her, for she expected her fellow servant to come and help her with them. I said, I was going of another errand for my mother, and I would assist her as far as Mrs. Tippets, as I was going past the door. She took hold of one side, and I took hold of the other, and I helped her as far as Mrs. Tippets's gate, which I opened for her, and she carried them towards the door; I then left her.


                  MARY 
                  DEAN
               



            . I know part of the things which were to be brought home from the mangle; I knew some sheets that were among them, and some shifts, and twenty-five night gowns, and the other things.
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  TIPPETS
               



            . I know nothing more. I know all the articles perfectly. I did not see the boy bring them to our gate.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a milk-man, and know Mrs. Tippets. I saw the prisoner at the bar, at about nine o'clock in the morning, in Skinner-street, Somers Town; it was on Saturday morning, the 11th of November; she had a basket, apparently full of linen, and lodged the basket on some steps, which are on the other side of the way. She appeared to be in a flurry, and that attracted my attention.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , SENIOR. I am an officer, belonging to Hatton Garden office. The prisoner was brought to our office on suspicion of stealing a piece of bacon, and then this thing came against her. I have made every search in my power to recover Mrs. Tippets's things, and could never find them.
The prisoner set up an alibi in her Defence, but was not established.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
