





649. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BAKER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Masson
                     




                  , two broaches, value 2 s. a ring, value 5 s. an umbrella, value 3 s. a pair of shoes, value 3 s. three one pound bank notes, and a ten pound banknote
            , the property of Thomas Masson.


                  THOMAS 
                  MASSON
               



            . I live at 51, Great Portman-street, in the parish of Mary-le-bone


. I am the housekeeper there. The prisoner lived in my service three weeks all but two days; she left my house on Sunday morning, the 9th of August, about half after six in the morning, as near as I can guess.
Q. Did you know, before hand, of her intention of going - A. She had been insolent some days before, and on the Friday, I told her she should go when her month was up. I did not know of her going on that day. I missed her on the 9th of August, about half past seven; and about 11 o'clock the same day, I missed a ten pound note, and I think three one pound notes, from the cabinet in the parlour, out of my pocketbook.
Q. Was your pocket-book gone, or only the notes - A. Only the notes; the cabinet was usually kept locked; I had unlocked it two or three times in the morning, before I missed it. After I missed the notes, I saw some little splinters; then I saw that the lock had been forced, and shoved back again. I went for an officer.
Q. Did you afterwards take the prisoner - A. I did. I found her on the top of the coach at Aldgate; she was going into the country, I told her that she must come down. She delivered up to Mr. 
               Jackson
             the two broaches and the ring. I asked her for the notes; she delivered me a one pound note; she said she had not got the ten pound note; she had not taken the ten pound note, it was a five pound note.
Q. Was there any five pound note in your pocketbook - A. No. I am certain of that.
Q. When had you last seen that property - A.Between four and six o'clock on the Saturday. We got a coach and took her to Bow-street. I asked her how she came to do it; she said she did not know. She said she had laid out four pounds, and had got one-pound out of the five pound note, at Monmouth-street; she passed it for a five pound note. That person is not here. The broach and ring were in the cabinet. I had not seen them for a week or ten days. I am not positive of seeing them in the course of the week.
Q.Therefore, whether they were in the cabinet on the Saturday night, or whether they had been taken before, you cannot say - A. I cannot, and the great coat was certainly taken before the Saturday; she had a great coat, and this umbrella was with her on the coach. I had seen the umbrella on the Saturday night. I have got the broach and ring here, the ring is marked S. M. that is my wife's initials. I know the broach and ring to be my wife's.
Q. Had you a character with her - A. No, I had not.
THOMAS JACKSON. I was with Mr. Masson, I asked the prisoner about the broach and how she came to take them; she said she did not know; she said she got the place open with an old knife. She gave up to me the broach and the ring and a one pound note; she said she had not a ten pound note, it was a five, she gave it to a woman in Monmouth-street that she had bought some gowns of.
THOMAS LIMBRICK. I am one of the patrols of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I would wish to have the property I am going to suffer for.
GUILTY, aged 16,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
