





941. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, one basket, value 2 s.; three plane-irons, value 18 d.; three screw-drivers, value 2 s.; seven chisels, value 3 s.; one axe, value 2 s. 6 d., and three hand-boxes, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Hercules 
                        Wright
                     



                  ; three plane-irons, value 3 s.; five chisels, value 2 s. 6 d., and one screw-driver, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hill
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am a green-grocer, and live in Threadneedle-street


. On the 6th of July, I saw the prisoner go by my window - I went to the door, suspecting him; he was out of my sight in half a minute. I saw him come out of a house or court with a basket. He crossed the street to Copthall-court. I ran out, overtook him, and asked him what he had got? he said he did not know. I took him back to the court he came out of - the basket had carpenters tools in it; he had taken it from a building in New-court. I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge. He had no basket when he passed my house.
HERCULES WRIGHT. I am a carpenter
. I was at work by the Stock Exchange. Some of the tools are mine.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I left my tools at New-court while I wentto breakfast. When I returned they were gone. The court is no thouroughfare.
(Property produced and sworn to. )
Prisoner's Defence. A man whom I know asked me to carry them to the Red Lion in Fore-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
