






172 
               

                        RICHARD 
                        WILKES
                     




                  , and ELIZABETH his Wife





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, one hundred and sixty-eight pounds weight of beef, value 3 l. and one hundred and twelve pounds weight ofpork, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James William 
                     Jefferies
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM JEFFERIES
               



            . I am a butcher
 living in Union-street, Bishopsgate. I have a slaughter-house in White's-row, Spitalfields


. On the night of the 5th of December, between eight and nine o'clock, I went with the boy, to see him feed the horse, and shut the place up at the slaughter house; there were then three carcases of beef hanging, and a large hog, and a cloth over the hog; I saw the boy lock up the place; he came away with me; about a quarter before nine in the morning 
               
                  Henry 
                  Mackgear
               



            , the boy, gave me information. I went to the slaughter house, the beef was cut to a mere skeleton; the hog and the cloth were gone, the cloth was marked in full length. On the 8th of December, in the morning, Mr. Sapwell came to me; I went with him to the Poultry Compter, there I saw Catherine Parker in custody; from there I went in a coach to Shoreditch Church. The prisoner Wilkes was brought to me, and a quantity of meat, it was not cut like a butcher, and by comparing it to the other part of the carcase, I found it tallied.
Q. Was any cloth produced to you - A. Yes. The cloth was brought into the coach, it had my name on it. The prisoner Wilkes said he bought it; I said, did you buy the cloth; he said, no, he believed that was left with it.
HENRY MACKGEAR. I am a servant to Mr. Jefferies.
Q. Were you at the slaughter house the over night - A. Yes.
Q. Was the beef and pork in the state that Mr. Jefferies represented it - A. Yes; I left the slaughter house all safe and secure at that time. I returned to the slaughter-house the next morning, between four and five o'clock, I found the staple had been drawn, and when I went in I found three carcases of beef cut, and the hog gone, likewise the cloth round it. I went back and informed my master. I have seen the cloth since, master's name is on it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable.
Q. In consequence of information that you received did you go in a coach with the prosecutor - A. Yes, to a house in White Bear Gardens, near Shoreditch Church; the prisoner was at work; he is a turner; Armstrong spoke to him, because I went up stairs.
Q. Was there any butcher's shop - A. No, by no means; there was a turner's shop. I went up stairs, there I found a quantity of beef and pork, in different parts of the room, some on the bed; there were two or three hundred weight; I found some cloths. In a drawer in the lower room I found an iron crow, he said he used it in his business; I saw some meat hanging backwards, and I ran up stairs, the room was literally covered with meat.
JOSHUA ARMSTRONG. I am an officer: I was with Sapwell; the wife opened the door, then I saw the prisoner Wilkes, he was at work in a back shed; I told him we wanted to speak to him; he came out of the place he was working in. Sapwell went up stairs; he came down and told us to secure the prisoner, we did. After all the meat was brought down I asked the prisoner how he came by that meat, he gave me no answer. The meat was then put into the cloths and put into the coach, and he was taken to the office.
Q. to Sapwell I ask you now about Parker - A. On the 8th of December, about half past eleven in the morning, I was going down Wheeler street. I met 
               
                  Ann 
                  Parker
               



            , I knew her before, I asked her what she had got, she said, silk she was going to her warehouse. I was not satisfied with that, I looked, and found it was meat under her arm, it was upwards of twenty pounds weight of flank beef, wrapped up in a cloth. I asked her where she got it from, and in consequence of the information she gave me I went to Wilkes.


                  CATHERINE 
                  PARKER
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner Wilkes - A. No, not long; there is some resemblance of him. Mr. Sapwell stopped me with some meat, I misunderstood him. I bought the meat of the prisoner. I gave the account where Wilkes lived.
Mr. Arabin. You misunderstood Sapwell - how came you to say you had got silk - A. I said I was going for silk. I was in a flurry.
Q. I have been told that you have been flurried before, and have been taken before a magistrate - A. That was a good many years ago.
COURT. What family have you got - A. One child, and my husband. I live in Three Colt-court, Angel-alley.
Q. Where did you buy this meat - A. In White Bear Gardens I gave him seven shillings; I was to pay him the remainder when I carried my work home. I was to pay him sixpence a pound, he weighed it by the hand.
Q. to prosecutor. Were you shewn that piece of meat that was taken from 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Parker
               



             - A. Yes; I fitted it to the carcase, it fitted as nigh as could be. This is the cloth that was taken from Wilkes's house, it has my name on it.
Sapwell. That cloth I found in Wilkes's room, with a pile of meat upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. This meat I bought of a man that formerly served me by the name of Shaw, he lived at the back of Bishopsgate-street, he brought me some muton and pork, he told me if I would buy it it would be sixpence halfpenny per pound; he told me he had some beef at home, if I would take it all I should have it at sixpence a pound; having a large family five children, and a wife; I thought it would be a saving to buy it all; he brought it in a cloth, and when he came to enquire if I wanted any more he would take the cloth back again; he told me there was twenty-six stone and six pound of it; I paid him for such, it came to five pounds five shillings and sixpence. As to selling the meat to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Parker
               



            , I never did; I do not know her; I declare to Almighty God I never saw her. She said at the magistrate's that she bought the meat of me at sixpence a pound, and paid seven shilling for the whole.

Q. to Sapwell. Was there any mutton in the house - A. There was about twelve pound, more or less.
Q. to prosecutor. You lost no mutton did you - A. No.
Q. to Sapwell. Did he mention the name of Shaw to you, or the name of any one that he bought it of - A. No, he did not.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILKES
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILKES
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
