





638. 
               
                  CAROLINE 
                  GOODWIN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, a silver bladed fruit knife, value 2 s. and a tea-spoon, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .
MRS. CLARK I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Clark
               



            . I live in Great Ormond-street


. In the month of August last, the prisoner came into my service, on the 13th, as upper nurse
; she lived with me about four months, if not more; she asked me leave to go and see her husband, who had lately come from sea. She stated that the door had been left open, and she had lost her things; that it had not been left open only a quarter of an hour. She left my house without taking her things away, and did not return.
Q. Do you know any thing respecting this fruit knife, and tea-spoon - A. Yes; I had a search warrant.


                  ANN 
                  CAMARON
               



            . I live at No. 11, Charter-house-lane. I have known the prisoner three years; last September I called on her at Mrs. Clark's, she asked me to lend her some money; I told her I had none. She went to her box, fetched a fruit knife and a tea-spoon, and asked me to pledge them for her, she had no money to buy tea and sugar; I pledged them at Mrs. Fothergill, in Aldersgate-street, for four shillings; she had then been at Mrs. Clarke's about a fortnight as near as I can say. I took the four shillings to the prisoner; I kept the duplicate; the duplicate was in my tea chest, when the officers came, they found it there. I was taken under the search warrant, while I was at work.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTER
               



            . I produce the fruit knife and spoon; I am servant to Mrs. Fothergill, they were pledged on the 18th of September, 1814.
Ann Cameron. This is the same knife and spoon I received of the prisoner.
Mrs. Clark. They are both mine; I am sure of it.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time I was going out, Mrs. Clark knows I was not going to return again.
Mrs. Clarke. I expected her to return, she left her boxes behind her.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
