





293. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, four pounds weight of soap, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Larkin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Pearson
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I an oil and colourman
, I live in Aldersgate-street


; my partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Larkin
               



            . I lost the soap on the 18th of March. From suspicion I had a constable ready that evening against the prisoner went out. On the constable bringing him back, four pounds of soap was found in his breeches. He had lived with me about four months.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  COLE
               



            . I am warehouseman to Larkin and Pearson. On the 18th of February, I saw some soap where it ought not to be; I had suspicion; I informed my master of it. When the prisoner went out with the soap, master provided a constable. The constable brought him back, and found four pounds of soap in his breeches.


                  JOHN 
                  YARMOUTH
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in custody when he came out of the shop; I stopped him, and asked him whether he had got any thing about him that did not belong to him. On my rubbing him down I found that he had something about him; I took him into the shop and searched him, and found four pounds of soap in his breeches.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that soap - A. I can swear to the soap; it is a particular make.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the soap; I went home to my wife; she was not at home. I left it in the warehouse where my coat and hat was; when I went out the warehouseman informed Mr. Pearson of it. When I was brought back I told them I bought it on purpose to send to Ilford where my child was at nurse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
