






438. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the forenoon of the 24th of January
, the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     



                   and others being therein, and feloniously stealing a dress, value 10 s. a neck handkerchief, value 2 s. two pair of stockings, value 10 s. a pair of clasps, value 5 s. a slip, value 14 s. and an handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 9, Jermyn-street, St. James's;


 I keep an eating house
.
Q. What family have you in the house - A. My wife, myself, my maid servant, and my neice. On the 24th of January last about ten o'clock in the forenoon, the prisoner, in company with another man, came to my house. I knew them both by sight. They called for a breakfast of tea, they were shewed into the dining room; after they had taken their breakfast; in about half an hour a young woman came in that had been with them, they ordered tea for her; they stopped till about half after eleven o'clock. After the young woman had taken breakfast the prisoner went out, he returned in about a quarter of an hour; they paid their breakfast and all went away. In about ten minutes afterwards I went into the said parlour, to a cupboard in the partition, to fetch a bill; I went to unlock the cupboard door, the bolt of the lock had been forced back. I pulled the door open and missed a bundle that I had deposited in that closet; the bundle was left in my care, it was not my own property; the bundle was in the cupboard ten minutes before the men came in, and there were no other persons but them during that morning in that room while they were. Immediately I found the bundle was gone I went to Marlborough-street and took out a warrant for the prisoner, and the other man of the name of Edwards. The prisoner was apprehended in the borough, about a month or five weeks back for a robbery; I went to the office and saw him, and knew him well; he acknowledged that he had been at my house, at the office.
Q. Then you charged him with this offence - A. I did.
Q. Have you ever seen the things since - A. I have not; I have paid two pounds one shilling for them, I believe it was more than the value of them.


                  MARY 
                  OAKFORD
               



            . Q. You live with the prosecutor. - A. Yes. On the 24th of January last, the prisoner and another man came with him; we shewed them into the dining-room below stairs: they called for a breakfast of tea, I served them with it. In about half an hour a young woman came to them, the prisoner ordered tea for her. They all staid about an hour and a half; the prisoner went out about a quarter of an hour: he returned, and they all three went out together.
Q. Do you remember the cupboard where these things were kept - A. Yes, I saw the bundle in the cupboard the day before: my master kept one key and my mistress the other. About five or six minutes after they went out my master went to the cupboard, and missed the things.
Q. Now during the time these people were there, did any other person go in there - A. No one at all, except me, to serve them, after I had served them, I was out in the shop the whole time; if any body had gone into the dining room I must have seen them.
Q. Are you positive that none of your master's family, and none of the lodgers went into the room while you were there - A. I am.
Prisoner's Defence. They must have seen me with a bundle if I had it. This lady and master always attended the shop; I left the man and woman there for a quarter of an hour, why should they charge me.
GUILTY, aged 27,
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
