





1020. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, seven books, value 7 s.; one sheet, value 4 s.; one table-cloth, value 4 s.; four towels, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fawcett
                        



                     
                  ; and five books, value 12 s.
            , the goods 
               
                  
                     Edward Augustus 
                     Kendall
                  



               
            , Esq.


MRS. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  DOROTHY FAWCETT
               



            . I am wife of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Fawcett
               



            , we live in Howland-street, Marylebone


, the prisoner's daughter was my servant; the prisoner had access to the house. Mr. Kendall had lent me a German dictionary. On the 17th he informed me it had been sold for 4 s., in Dorset-street, to Mr. Reynolds - the prisoner was in the house at the time. The constable came and apprehended her. A number of duplicates of other property which I had lost were found on her.


                  EDWARD 
                  AUGUSTUS KENDALL
               



            , ESQ. I lent Mr. Fawcett a German dictionary, with several other books. On the 17th of June Mr. Reynolds told me that a book which he had sold me was that morning sold to his brother for 4 s. I went and informed Capt. Fawcett.


                  GEORGE 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a bookseller. On the 14th of June the prisoner offered me a German dictionary for sale. On looking at the binding, I discovered it was bound by my brother, his private mark was inside. I bought it of her, and followed her home to Capt. Fawcett's. Next morning I took the book to my brother, to discover the owner. The prisoner said she had bought it when she was in better circumstances, and afterwards she said that a gentleman left it to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALFOUR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three books and a table-cloth, pledged for 6 s. 6 d., and a sheet for 3 s., all pledged on the 18th of May by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAMBROOK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have five books, pledged on the 13th, 14th, and 15th of May, by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tablecloth, two books, and four towels, pledged by the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  COATES
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and found twenty duplicates on her, among which were those relating to this property.
Prisoner. I was distressed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
