





560. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of June
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. two yards of lace, value 1 s. two yards and three quarters of a yard of ribbon, value 1 s. a shawl, value 2 s. two yards of tape, value 1 d. eleven pieces of cloth, value 2 d. a trill, value 1 s. and two pieces of callico, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Moore
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; - four caps, value 4 s. and two half handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Mordeace
                        



                     
                  , spinster

.


                  SARAH 
                  MOORE
               



            . I live servant

 with Mrs. Robinson, she keeps the Angel inn, St. Martin's-le-grand


; the prisoner lived fellow servant
 with me about a fortnight. My things were taken out of my trunk, I never gave the prisoner any liberty to take them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FALKENER
               



            . I live in Poppin's-court, Fleet-street. I have washed for the prisoner four or five years.
Q. Were any things found in your house that the prisoner was charged with taking - A. Yes; this day month Mrs. Robinson came to my house, I delivered all the things that were claimed to the constable; they were left at my house by the prisoner. The cap I was to wash, and the handkerchief she said her fellow servant would pay me.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  CRESWELL
               



            . I am a constable. I went to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Faulkener
               



            ; I have here all the things that were produced by Faulkner, and all the things claimed by 
               
                  Jane 
                  Mordeace
               



            , some I found at her former lodging, and some on her person.


                  JANE 
                  MORDEACE
               



            . I lived fellow servant with the prisoner at Mrs. Robinson's about a fortnight; she slept in the same room; I missed four caps and a neck handkerchief; they are worth five shillings.
Prisoner. She gave me them things to get them washed for her.


                  Jane 
                  Mordeace
               



            . I never did.
Prisoner's Defence. They gave me the caps to get washed for them, and the ribbon my mistress gave so me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
