





724. 
               
                  
                     HENRY JAMES 
                     VANDERBERG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, an iron poker, value 6 d. a pair of iron tongs, value 1 s. a looking glass, value 10 s. and a green curtain, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Boltwood
                  




               
            . And
TWO OTHER COUNTS for stealing like goods, laying them to be the property of other persons.


                  ANN 
                  BOLTWOOD
               



            . I have the care of the Gravel-pit chapel, in the parish of Hackney


, I and my husband live in a room above the Vestry. On the night of the 7th of August, between eleven and twelve, when I went to bed, the chapel was secured. A little before five in the morning I was disturbed by a door slamming, I got up and found the prisoner in custody of Mr. Shubirt and two of his apprentices.
Q. In the chapel did you find any of the things removed from where they ought to be - A. Yes, I saw them the night before in their places, the looking glass standing over the chimney, the fire irons in the fire place in the Vestry. I found them in a pew in the meeting.
Q. Does your husband live there with you - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find any of the windows were broken open - A. A shutter was broken open, and a square of glass was broken. I had fastened the window on the Sunday night myself, and it remained shut till the Thursday morning.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  SHUBIRT
               



            . I live about one hundred and thirty yards from the chapel. On the morning of the 8th of August, a little after four I called up my apprentices, I went with them to to this chapel, I found one of the shutters open, I entered the meeting door, we saw the prisoner coming up the aisle; we found the door open, and went inside, the prisoner was coming up the aisleas we went down I apprehended him.
Q. Did you find any marks of violence - A. I did, there was marks of a crow on the door of the vestry, and at the window, we found the crow about twenty yards from the place, and the crow fitted the marks exactly; I saw the prisoner jump in the window like a bird. This is the glass that was in the vestry, and these are the fire irons.
Prisoner's Defence. I got up early that morning, and was going towards Bow, and going across the fields it rained very hard; I went up to this meeting-house-door for shelter, seeing the window open I looked in my hat fell off; I instantly jumped in. Mr. Shubirt met me, and asked me what business I had there; I said I had no business, if you think me a thief, send for a constable and search me; I was searched, and no property found; I have nails in my shoes, and jumping in the window to get my hat, my foot slipped, and by that means my elbow broke one of the windows.
Q. to Mr. Shubirt. Did it rain hard - A. It rained a little.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
