





11. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     THATCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, one wrapper, value 6 d., and two blankets, value 3 l. 2 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Purden
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Kent
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PURDEN
               



            . I keep the New Inn, Old Bailey




. On Friday, the 19th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parker
               



            's waggon stood in the Old Bailey; it was loaded too high to go in at the gate, so that we were under the necessity of taking some of the goods off; among the rest was a small parcel, No. 1, which came from 
               
                  John 
                  Early
               



            , Jun, Whitney, and was directed to Mr. Bell, Tower Royal; I had it in my hand, and it being a small parcel, I threw it into the waggon again. I was called down the yard, left the waggoner in charge, and during my absence he went away. I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Kent
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BELTON
               



            . I am a machine sawyer. On the 19th of November I was coming to town, and passing up the Old Bailey I saw a waggon, partly unloaded, a few yards from the gateway of the New Inn. I saw the prisoner close to me, thought he had no business to be standing there, and passed on about thirty or forty yards, then stopped a few minutes, and saw him put his feet on the wheel, remove some straw, and take this bundle or package out; he immediately left the waggon, Before he had well got his foot on the pavement (four or five persons were passing at the time) he walked in the middle of them till he got opposite Fleet-lane, where he went down. I gave an alarm at the New Inn, and told them that the waggon had been robbed. I took the porters down Fleet-lane, and in the first turning to the right, which is Seacoal-lane, I pointed the prisoner out to them; they secured him, took him back to the Old Bailey, and from there to the Compter. I am sure he is the man.
Q. Did the four or five persons seem connected with him - A. I thought so. They screened him.


                  JOHN 
                  COTMORE
               



            . I am hostler at the New Inn. I pursued after the prisoner, and took him with the property on his shoulder.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner with the bale of goods. I belong to the Inn.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up the Old Bailey, and met a man, apparently a waggoner, who said he would give me 1 s. to carry it to Seacoal-lane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
