





619. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, one watch, value 1 l.; one seal, value 2 d.; one key, value 2 d.; one purse, value 1 d., and the sum of 11 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Phipps
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I am a servant
. On Sunday, the 4th of March, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. I walked to the corner of Dean-street, she followed me; we went into a public-house, and had a pint of beer, in a short time I fell asleep in the tap-room, as I had been walking from the country, and was tired; the landlord awoke me, and asked me if I had lost any thing? when I missed my watch from my fob, and my money from my pocket - he produced my watch, and I claimed it - I was quite sober.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I was constable of the night. About half-past eleven o'clock at night Cook brought the prisoner to the watch-house, she said the man was her husband; I said I would go and see if he was or not. I went to the Black Horse, public-house, and found the prosecutor coming out - he went to the watch-house and claimed the watch - he said she was not his wife. I found 1 s. 6 d. on her. I found a bag lying in the sand-box, where she sat; Phipps said it was the purse his money was in. I put her in with another woman, she sent out half a crown to buy bread and cheese. I fetched her out, searched her again, and found half a crown and some halfpence upon her.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I keep the Black Horse, public-horse, in Oxford-street. I went out about nine o'clock, returned in an hour, and was informed that a woman had robbed a man in the tap-room; I went in and asked the prisoner what she had to do with the prosecutor, who was asleep? she said he was her husband, and told me to walk out, for it was nothing to me. I told her she had better give up the watch and property, or I would call the watchman. I called him, and told her to leave the watch with me till the morning - she gave me the watch, but not the money, as she said it was her own. I awoke Phipps, he missed his watch and money, and said she was not his wife. We took her to the watch-house.


                  EDWARD 
                  HUDD
               



            . I was in the house, having some beer, and saw the prisoner pulling the prosecutor about I did not see her take any thing.
Prisoner's Defence. He let the watch fall, and I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
