





367. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of March
, twenty six silver spoons, value 20 l. 2 s. twenty silver forks, value 11 l. 19 s. a silver fish knife, value 2 l. 19 s. and a silver ladle, value 6 l. 15 s.
             the property of - Bevan.


MR.
 
                  BEVAN
               



            . I am a silver smith
, I live in Marybone-street, Golden-squre. On the 23d of last March, about three in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, he said he was recommended by Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Brendon
               



            , and produced a list of different articles; and said his name was 
               
                  James 
                  Chinnery
               



            , Upper Eaton-street, and directed that every thing should be sent by five o'clock; I sent them soon after five o'clock.
Q. Was any thing said about paying - A. He said that he should pay immediately upon delivery. I lookout all the articles that he had ordered, to the amount of forty-one pounds fifteen shillings, with instructions to my servant to bring back my goods or bring me the money, because his appearance was very much against him. When my servant came back he brought me that check.
Q. Did you present that check the next morning to Messrs. Drummonds - A. I did, and found that no such person as Mr. Cooper kept cash there. In the evening, about eight o'clock. I went to Upper Eaton-street, and found the prisoner was not there. I found nothing but the paper that the goods were wrapped up with throwed all about the room.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Bevan. I was sent by him with this plate to Upper Eaton-street; I saw the prisoner; he told me I was after my time; I told him we had not got all the things in the house, that was the reason I was after the time; he said that he had got a check of fifty-three pounds nine shillings; he asked me for change. This is the check he produced to me; he inclosed the check in this note. I saw him write the note; he kept the check in his left hand while he wrote the note.
Q. He told you the amount, and enclosed this check in this note to your master - A. He did.
(The check read.)
"London, 22nd of March, 1810.
Messrs. Drummond and Co. pay to myself or bearer fifty-three pounds nine shillings, for 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            ."
L 53 9 s.
(The note read)
"London, 22nd of March, 1810.
SIR, Enclosed have sent you a check to demand fifty-three pounds nine shillings, which place to my account. I shall want in addition four wine stands."
Q. Did he ask you for any change for this check - A. I told him I had not change to the amount, I had some silver; he said he wanted some silver very bad, he was going out that afternoon to dinner; I gave him thirteen shillings and six-pence.
Q. Did he say any thing who he was or his connections - A. He put down on the back of the card, to go to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Seabright
               



            's, No. 19, Kersey-street, May Fair, for some old plate to take to Mr. Bevan in exchange for this, according to what it come to; he told me to ask for the butler; I did. I went there and askedfor the plate; the prisoner said lady Seabright was his sister; I got no plate there; they said they knew nothing of any such name. The prisoner told me he would call on Mr. Bevan and settle with him for some more plate, according to what he had written down in the note.
Mr. Alley. You went with these goods, and he practised this imposition on you. - A. Yes.
Q. Do not think I approve of his conduct; I do not; I think he is a great rogue; he told you he was brother to Mrs. Seabright. - A. He did.
Q. In consequence of that, you took the draft, and left the property. - A. Yes, I did not intend to do it, unless he had told me about Lady Seabright; that certainly induced me to leave the property, and take the draft.
Q. When you went to Lady Seabright, you found it was a farce. - A. Exactly so.
Q. He is no brother to Lady Seabright; the butler, not knowing of him, would not give you the plate, and by that false pretence he induced you to leave the property with him. - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. You were ordered by your master to bring back the money or the plate. - A. Yes.
Q. By his giving you the check, and sending you to Lady Seabright's, you were induced to leave this property. - A. I was.


                  LUCY 
                  BAINE
               



            . Q. Do you keep the house, No. 10, Eaton-street, Pimlico - A. I do.
Q. Did the prisoner at any time lodge in your house - A. Never a night; I never saw him till the 22d of March; the day the plate came in; at eleven o'clock that day; he told me he wanted my first floor for a month; he would give me a guinea a week; he went away, and returned about a quarter before five, and then he stopped about half an hour; he did not stay five minutes after the young man who brought the plate was gone.
Q. Did he leave the plate behind him - A. No, I never saw one article; he left nothing behind him; he told me, as he was going away, if the young man brought the change, the 13 l. 14 s. 6 d. I was to take care of it. I only saw him that day; he did not take the lodging.
THOMAS VISE. I am a pawnbroker in Westminster-bridge-road. On Saturday the 24th of March, a woman of the name of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Gibbs
               



             came, and sold me six silver desert forks.


                  THOMAS 
                  MELTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Black-friars road. On Saturday the 24th of March, a soup-ladle, a fish knife, six table spoons, six forks, six desert spoons, and one dozen of tea spoons, were pledged with me for twenty-six pounds by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Evans
               



            ; there was another young woman with her.


                  MARY 
                  EVANS
               



            . Q. On Saturday the 24th of March were you at the shop of Mr. Melton, a pawnbroker in Westminster-road - A. I was; a lady was with me; I knew her by the name of Robart; she and I pawned the plate there. I saw the prisoner that morning.
Q. Did you receive the plate from him - A. I did not.
Q. Did any thing pass respecting the plate in his presence, or did she say any thing respecting the plate in his presence - A. I don't think she did.
Q. Had you seen them so as to appear as to be together - A. I had. I knew the prisoner by the name of Cooper and the same day she and I sold to Mr. Vyse some plate.
COURT. How long have you known the prisoner - A. About ten months; I do not know much of him. Mrs. Robart lived opposite of my house in Union-street, Lambeth-walk. I had not often seen the prisoner and her together; she was under the protection of Mr. Robart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANTHONY
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On Sunday the 5th of March I apprehended the prisoner in Berkeley-street, Lambeth; I found two duplicates in his writing-desk in the room where he slept; they apply to the plate pledged at Mr. Melton's. I also found two salt spoons.


                  ROBERT 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Drummonds.
Q. Look at that check; have you any person of the name of Cooper keeping cash at your house - A. No person keeping cash in that name.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
