





1200. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KIBELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, one watch, value 20s.; one chain, value 5s.; one seal, value 2s., and one tea-spoon, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Crozier
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CROZIER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Crozier
               



            . We live in Martha-street, St. George's in the East


. On the 15th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner asked me to let him go into the yard to look at the water-pipe, which he did; he then went into the kitchen, and asked me for a piece of string, to measure the pipe under the fire-place - I gave him some. He said he was going to take up that, and put a new one down - He pretended to be a plumber. He left, and said he would come at one o'clock to do it. He went into the kitchen, and took a brick from the fire-place with a hammer which I lent him. I said he should have brought his tools with him; he said he would fetch his mate, who was just round the corner. He returned after that, and told me to move a chest; while I was doing it, I turned towards the fire-place; the young man whom he brought in, was assisting me - He let go, and told me to move it farther round-both ran up stairs. I immediately missed the watch from the fire-place, and have never seen it since. I saw the prisoner on the Friday following - I am sure he is the man. I gave him in charge.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I saw the prisoner go to the prosecutor's house about ten o'clock, and come out with a string in his hand; about one o'clock I saw him go again, and come out immediately with the young man - They ran very fast. I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  ANN 
                  COULSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner knock at the prosecutor's door, and go in about one o'clock. I am sure he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
