






1360. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BELLAMY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COLLIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Curtis
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 3 l.; three seals. value 1 l., and twenty-five 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a smith
, On the 10th of August
, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was in company with Collis at a house in Homer-street, Paddington


 - Bellamy came up. I put my hand into my pocket to pay for some beer, and accidentally pulled my notes out, and replaced them again. Being fatigued, I laid my head on the table, and went to sleep for about ten minutes, then awoke and found them both gone - I was sober. I missed all this property, which was safe when I laid my head down, for I took it out of my fob, and put it into my breast-pocket. The notes were in my breeches-pocket.
Q. How long was you there with her - A. From two or three o'clock in the morning; Bellamy came into the room between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day - I was up then.
Prisoner COLLIS. Q. Was you not in liquor - A. No. I met her in Oxford-street.
Q. Did you not offer to sell the notes for 2 s. 6 d. each, saying, they were bad - A. No. When I pulled them out I said they were not good ones, as I thought they would not try to take them - Bellamy asked me to sell them. I lost a silver hunting-watch and three seals,
DAVID PLANT. I am a private in the third regiment of Guards. On the 11th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I met Bellamy; he asked me to carry a small parcel to the barracks for him, which I did, and put it into my box. On the 16th or 17th, Butler said he was requested by Bellamy to ask me for the watch; I then opened the parcel, and gave him a hunting-watch out of it - it was in a handkerchief. Nothing else was in it.


                  ISAAC 
                  BUTLER
               



            . On the 16th of August, Collis came and asked me to get from Plant a watch and seal; on the 17th I asked him for it, he gave me the watch, and said he would bring the seal on the following Saturday. I gave the watch to the prisoner, Collis, about nine o'clock that evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a coachman. Collis gave me a watch to pledge, and I sent my fellow-servant, Burgess, with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I received the watch from Brown, and pledged it with Welton for 1 l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ross, who is a pawnbroker. Burgess pledged the watch with me on the 18th of August.



                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of August the prosecutor applied to me. I went to Knights-bridge barracks for Bellamy, and the moment the prosecutor saw him, he said he was the man. I asked him what he had done with the watch and money? He said he knew nothing of either. I asked him where Collis was? He said he knew nothing of her. There was a general inquiry all over the barracks for the watch, but I could gain no information; the other soldier belonged to the same regiment. I took Bellamy away, and about a week after the prosecutor stopped Collis herself, one night. I asked her about the watch, but she denied all knowledge of it or the prosecutor. After that she told me the watch was in pledge, that Plant had the seals, and Brown had the duplicate. I applied to him for it and he gave it to me - the seals have not been found.
(Watch produced and sworn to.)
COLLIS'S Defence. He went home with me, and said he had no money; Bellamy came up. He was very much in liquor, and said he had nothing but bad notes, and asked Bellamy to buy them. He gave me the watch, and said he had had a good fight to get it, for he had robbed a man at Bayswater, and it was half in and half out of his fob.
BELLAMY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
COLLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
