





434. 
               
                  FREEMAN 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of May
, a gown, value 10 s. a silk pelisse, value 7 s. a shawl, value 2 s. and two sheets, value 8 s. the property of Elizabeth Matthews, widow; three gowns, value 1 l. five yards of printed cotton, value 7 s. 6 d. a petticoat, value 6 s. a shawl, value 6 d. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a pocket handkerchief, value 6 d. five half handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d. and six caps, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Goulding
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling house of Elizabeth Matthews
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live at No. 4, King's Row, Pimlico


. On the 28th of May the prisoner came to lodge at my house.


                  SARAH 
                  GOULDING
               



            . Q. You lived with Mrs. Matthews on the 29th of May last - A. Yes.
Q. You remember the prisoner coming to your house - A. Yes. On the next morning I got up at six o'clock, the prisoner was gone away then.
Q. When did you find that any thing was missing in the house - A. About a quarter before eight o'clock I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment; I had seen them all safe on the night the prisoner came to lodge there, and my mistress's things were all safe then. On last Monday I saw them again at Queen-square office.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square police. On Friday last I apprehended the prisoner at a public house in Tothill-street; I searched him and in his pockets I found a number of duplicates; I went to the several pawnbrokers and ordered them to attend and produce the property before the magistrate; they did attend and produced the property, and it was identified. On the Monday; as I was bringing the prisoner from Tothill-fields, the prisoner told me if I would let him go, he would raise money enough to get the thing out; he was very sorry he had done it, he had never done so before; he knew they were in pawn for about thirty shillings.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I know no more than on Friday evening I found this handkerchief in the crown of the prisoner's hat.
JOHN JONES. On the 29th of May a pair of sheets was pledged with me by the prisoner.
JOHN BARLEY. On the 29th of May a pair of sheets were pawned with me. I do not know the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do not. A silkpelisse and a shawl were pawned with me.
SAMUEL LABOR. I am a pawnbroker. A gown was pawned with me, and a petticoat, and a shawl. I do not know the prisoner.
JOHN MANNING. On the 29th of May three gowns was pawned with me; I produced them in consequence of Gillmore's duplicates.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say; I must entirely leave it to the prosecutrix and the jury. It is my first offence.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
