





43. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROACH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st. of December
, 1 basket, value 6d. two shawls, value 1l. two neckcloths, value 2s. two shirts, value 12s. four frocks, value 8s. two petticoats, value 2s. two pin cloths, value, 2s. two caps, value 2s. two shifts, value, 4s. three aprons, value 1s. and a bed gown, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Schmickert
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Chertin
                     



.


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  SCHMICKERT
               



            . My husband lived in Wentworth Street, White Chapel


; our landlord was 
               
                  William 
                  Chertin
               



            ; he lived in the house. Last Friday, the 1st of December, the articles mentioned in the indictment were in the front parlour; I saw them in the parlour safe in the basket about ten minutes before I missed them. There are other lodgers in the house, and the street door generally stands open. I went down at near five in the evening into the kitchen, to get some water, leaving my children in the room. I heard a foot in the passage, and heard one of my children cry out mother; I ran up stairs immediately, and then the basket and its contents were gone. The things were in the basket, and must have been taken at the same time.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am fourteen last December; at about five o'clock in the evening of the 1st of this month, I and another boy were playing in the street
[Text unreadable in original.]ar the house where the prosecutor resides; the [Text unreadable in original.]y who was with me, said the prisoner was cutting [Text unreadable in original.]e panes of glass out of a window opposite; I can't [Text unreadable in original.]if whether he was, or was not; it was at the house in which the prosecutor lives; he then went into the house; there were two more with him; the door was open. I did not know the prisoner's name. It was not the prisoner that went in; it was one of the other two; I saw him come out with a basket and something in it. He had not been ten minutes, nor so long as that. The prisoner was dressed like a blacksmith, and the man gave the basket of clothes to him. One of them gave me a smack on the head, and one of the others said, take him into custody Jack, and put him into the watchhouse; meaning him to take me up. They ran away, and I told the prosecutrix. The next time I saw the prisoner was at Lambeth Street office; I had given a description of him.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMES
               



            . I am an officer, belonging to Lambeth street office, I know the boy who has just given evidence. The woman came to the office, on the apprehension of the prisoner and the boy came with her, and described the prisoner before he saw him, as appearing like a blacksmith, and a long brown great coat, and walking lob sided. The prisoner's person certainly answered taht description; and he has a kind of roll in his walk. We have not found any of the property.
Prisoner's Defence. The good woman said she lost her property about five o'clock; and at that time, I was up at Mrs. Wards, in Church street, St. Giles's, where I went to get nine shillings, which she owed my mother. Mrs. Ward is here.


                  ANN 
                  WARD
               



            . I live at No. 5, Church street, St. Gile's. I do not rent the whole house, I live in the back parlour. Yesterday, for the first time, I heard of the prisoner's apprehension; he sent for me, because he slept with me, last Friday night was a week. He came from his mother. to whom I owed a little money; and as I could not make it up that night, he staid with me until the next morning, when I could get it for him. I am a barrow woman. The messuage to attend here, was left at my house. I met his mother at Billingsgate the next morning, and gave her the money.
THE COURT, in summing up the evidence to the Jury, told them that the first point which was necessary for their strict attention, was the evidence of the last witness, who was called in the part of the defence; she had been called by the prisoner to substantiate the place which he had set up of alibi, and which was either the best or the worst of defences. Best, if the manner of the witness who was called to establish it, was given in such a manner as to clear up every doubt and abolish every suscipion entertained against the prisoner; but worst, if the contrary. To the evidence of this woman, apposed that of the boy, who not only speaks now that the prisoner is before him, to the identity of his person, but gave such a description of him before he had had opportunity of seeing him after his apprehension, as in the mind of the officer to whom it was given, corresponded with the prisoner's person, and particularly of his taste. In this case, the woman in, which the conflicting evidence was given opposite witnesses, was the chief thing to be examined. If any doubt, in favour of the prisoner, should be cleared up in the mind of the Jury, then their consideration would be turned to value. Unfortunately, they had not an opportunity of judging of it themselves, by the production of the stolen property, in the absence of which they had but the value as described by the prosecutrix; and which did not very far exceed that amount which was required by the stalute to make this a capital felony.
GUILTY, aged 16,




               Of stealing to the amount of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
