





244. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of February
, twenty-four boxes, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Nightingale
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I am a carver and gilder
 in Leadenhall-street. On the 2d of February
, I sent my servant Joseph Prior to the City-road, for twenty-four mahogany boxes. On his return in the evening, he said he was robbed in Bishopsgate church yard


.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRIOR
               



            . I live with Mr. Nightingale. On the 2d of September, I went to the City road for twenty-four boxes, about ten minutes after six in the evening, as I was returning in Bishopsgate churchyard, I rested my boxes on the pitching block. The prisoner Holmes, as I suppose it to be, came and asked me the way to Moorfields, I directed him, then he asked me the way to Pitman's, I told him I believed it was two or three doors round the corner by the right hand, there was another man standing at the public house door, the prisoner says to the other man this is the way, and I saw no more of that man, I looked for two or three minutes to see which way Holmes went to see if he went right. I lost sight of him, when I turned round to look for my goods they were gone. I ran after Holmes, I could see no more of him.
Q. Did you ever get your boxes again - A. They have been recovered. I cannot swear to the prisoner's face, but he had on a velveteen jacket and small-clothes. This was on Saturday, on Wednesday I saw the boxes again.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. In company with Freeman, I was in a narrow court in Houndsditch, two men came past us, one a taller man than this. This one was carrying a large bundle, I was obliged to get close to the wall to let him pass; the other had nothing, he went before; I said to my fellow officer all was not right, I followed them up the court, he rushed into a house, and I after him, I took hold of the property and him, likewise I asked him how he came by that, he said that a man at the end of the court had given them to him to bring up to the first house in the court; I took him and his companion into custody, and took him to Whitechapel office. These are the boxes.
Prior. That is the parcel that I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday night I was coming down Houndsditch, a man met me by this court, he asked me to carry this load up to the house, and as soon as I went into the house, that gentleman attacked me. So help me God I am innocent of the robbery.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
