





543. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EMMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, six silver forks, value 60 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a silversmith
, in Cheapside


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . In consequence of information, I went to the house of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Peart
               



            , to enquire for some silver forks. He gave them me; he said he stopped them under circumstances of suspicion.


                  ROBERT 
                  PEART
               



            . I am a silversmith, 83, Whitechapel. These six forks were brought to me for sale, about six months ago; I asked the young man who they belonged to; he said from a gentleman in the City. I asked him why the gentleman did not bring them himself; he said he was confined in an office; he could not well get out. I told him I would rather see the owner of them. He left them, and promised to send the owner to me. The owner nor the young man never came. I believe the prisoner to be the man that brought them; he gave me the name of Emms, at a linen-drapers, in Cheapside; he gave me a number which turned out to be a linen drapers. I went to the number; they knew nothing of the name. These are the spoons; they are worth ten shillings a piece.
Prosecutor. These spoons are my property.
Mr. Knapp. As he had an opportunity, he might take one at the time - A. He certainly might.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
