






917. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FARTHING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of July
, a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Parkes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PARKES
               



            . On the evening of the 24th of July, about half past nine, I was in the Strand, between the New Church and Clement's-lane


. I felt some one behind me at my pocket. I turned round and observed the prisoner's (Farthing's) hand in my pocket. I had a silk handkerchief in my pocket at that time.
Q. At that time did you see the other prisoner - A. I did, he was on the left of Farthing, and in order to let them pass I looked into a shop; they passed me and proceeded forward two or three doors; I had a full view of the prisoners; I am certain they are the same men that was behind me when I felt Farthing's hand in my pocket. I then passed them. They followed me. I did not observe that until a little time afterwards, when I felt some one behind me again. I looked round; the prisoner, Farthing, was on my right hand, and Wright on his left hand, the same as before. Soon afterwards I felt a hand in my pocket; my handkerchief was there then, and when I felt two doors further my handkerchief was gone. I immediately turned round when my handkerchief was gone, and the prisoners were gone. I then went back to Temple-bar; I saw two officers; I told them the circumstance, and that I could swear to my handkerchief. They went after the prisoners. I saw them searched; my handkerchief was found upon Wright.
Q. They were together when you found them - A. They were.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . On this evening I was in company with Alverando; we apprehended the prisoners between the New Church and St. Clement's church. They were together. We searched them; in Wright's hat there was found two cotton handkerchiefs, and in his pocket three silk handkerchiefs. This is the handkerchief the prosecutor claimed.
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief.
- ALVERANDO. I am an officer. I was with Thomas. I can only corroborate what he has said.
Wright's Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
Farthing's Defence. What Mr. Parkes says is very wrong. Wright and I were not together.
WRIGHT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
FARTHING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
