






830. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Meyrick
                        



                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the forenoon of the 27th of May
 (he and others of his family being therein), and stealing four pictures, his property; one gown, value 5 s.; one petticoat, value 3 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; three night-gowns, value 3 s.; three night-caps, value 1 s.; two neckcloths, value 1 s.; two pair of stockings, value 1 s.; three aprons, value 1 s.; one shift, value 4 s., and one tea-kettle, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Augustus 
                     Dicey
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MEYRICK
               



            . I live in Margaret-street, Spa-fields


 - Dicey lives in my house. On the 27th of May, about seven o'clock in the morning, my daughter knocked at my door, and said there were thieves in the house. I went down, found the kitchen window down, two drawers open, and the articles stated in the indictment gone; they were all safe the night before. In about half an hour I found the prisoner concealed in the privy in the yard, which is walled round six feet high. She must have got over the wall. All the property was found on the floor of the privy - she said she put them there. My lodgers have a key, and let themselves in after I go to bed.


                  GEORGE 
                  AUGUSTUS DICEY
               



            . I lodge in the house. About half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner getting over the wall - she had put two pans to climb on. I seized her, and said,
"You have taken my clothes;" she said,
"I have not, they are in the privy" - I found them there. An alarm had been made at seven o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
