





35. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he at a general session of the peace, holden for the County of Middlesex, on the twenty eighth of May, in the 54th year of His Majesty's reign, was convicted of uttering twice within the space of ten days, counterfeit tokens made to the resemblance of those issued by the Bank of England for three shillings each, well knowing them to be counterfeit, by reason of which premises, he became and was a common utterer of such, and was convicted as above, and was sentenced to be imprisoned for one year, and at the expiration of the same, to find sureties for his good behaviour for two years; and that he having been so convicted on the 2nd of November
, in the present year, feloniously did utter to one 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Scott
                        




                     
                  , one false and counterfeit token, made with intent to pass as and for one of certain silver tokens for the sum of three shillings issued and circulated by the Governour and Company of the Bank of England, well knowing the same to be counterfeit
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEVERLEY
               



             WESTWOOD. I am assistant solicitor to the Bank of England. I produce the certificate of the clerk of the peace of this County, of the conviction of the prisoner for uttering base money. I saw the deputy clerk of the peace sign it. I was at Clerkenwell Sessions House at the prisoner's former trial, and know him to be the person alluded to by the certificate.
(The certificate was here put in and read.)


                  EDWARD 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I procured an introduction to the prisoner in November last. In consequence of that, I made an appointment with him; I met him accordingly at the Coventry Cross, Petticoat lane


; I had been in that house about two minutes when he came in; he asked me how many I wanted, and I said, two dozen. That was meaning tokens. He went away, and in about two minutes returned, with two dozen, which he delivered to me; they were wrapped up in paper. I looked at one, to see what they were. I paid him two pounds for them. I afterwards delivered them to Mr. Westwood. The prisoner said, they were all good ones, and taking three and sixpence in his hand, he said, this is all I get by them, by God.
Mr. Westwood. I received a paper of counterfeit tokens from the last witness, with paper between each of them, to prevent their rubbing together, and thereby taking off the colouring.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a City constable, and apprehended the prisoner, on Sunday, the 5th of November; I told him I had information from Mr. Westwood to apprehend him about some three shilling tokens; I took hold of him in Newgate street. He said, I held him as tight as if it was for a highway robbery; I told him it was nearly as serious an affair. He said, he did not care, they could not hang him; they could only transport him.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THURGOOD
               



            . I am one of the tellers at the Bank. I have examined the tokens in question; they are all counterfeited, and have never been in circulation; they resemble tokens issued by the Bank.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
