





220. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FEAST
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           M'Donald
                        




                     
                  , 3 l. in monies numbered, a 20 l. Chelmsford bank note. a 5 l. bank note, a 2 l. bank note, and nine bank notes, value 1 l. each, his property
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  M'DONALD
               



            . I am a hackney coachman
. I lost this property on the 4th of February. I sold my coach and horses to Mr. Wooten, who keeps the watering house in Smithfield, he bought all the utensils in the bunch, Mr. Wootten paid me the money, thirty five guineas, the prisoner was present when Mr. Wootten paid me, he was servant to Mr. Wootten. After he had paid me, the prisoner asked me several times, if I would go up with him to his master's yard to help him out with the things inside of the coach, and he asked me if I would go in the Black Horse public house to have something to drink. The Black Horse, is in Aldersgate-street. As soon as ever we went in the house, I put my hand in my pocket, and pulled out the notes; I said Harry, I will not be worse than my word, I promised you two one pound notes, and as such I will give them to you, he then called for something to drink, and I laid my head upon the table, we had something to drink; after that we came out in the street, and we were a good while in the street together, till we got just by the end of Long-lane, there I stopped, by the end of Long-lane


, and dropped asleep upon a bench at the corner of Long-lane. I was not very drunk.
Q. What became of your companion, Feast - A. He was with me most of the time.
Q. Did he take a nap too - A. Not that I knowof. Thinking that I would have a coach home, I put my hand in my pocket, and I found it turned inside out, I had no money at all, when I awaked he was gone.
Q. When you was taking your nap at the corner of Long-lane he left you - A. Yes, my lord.
Q. Did you ever find your notes again - A. I found the twenty pound note.
Q. You had known him a long while - A. I have known him driving a hackney coach about London a good while.


                  ABEL 
                  M'DONALD
               



            . I am an hackney coachman. Upon the 5th of this month I heard that my father had sold his coach and horses, I walked up to my father to see if it was true, and I found it was, and he had lost the money. I went to Mr. Esdaile's, where the twenty pound note was payable, I caught the prisoner at the bar coming out with the change for the twenty pound note, and I took him in custody, he had thirty five pound in notes, four one's and a poundsworth of silver.


                  JOHN 
                  HAZARD
               



            . I am cashier at Mr. Esdaile's. Upon the 6th of February, the prosecutor came to our house, he told me he had been robbed. The prisoner presented the note, and I gave it to the constable.
Q. Who presented this note - A. The prisoner at the bar, I gave him the change.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a twenty pound note, deposed to by Mr. Hazard. I went there to take the prisoner Feast in custody, at the house of Mr. Hazard, he gave me a twenty pound note in the room, I searched the prisoner in the office. I then went to search the prisoner's lodgings, here is a bill I found in the prisoner's lodgings, upon the very day of the robbery, I found nothing else but a few duplicates.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOTTON
               



            . Q. Look at that note - A. That is the same note I paid to M'Donald.
Mr. Alley. Q. And you knew that Feast was to have some present given him - A. No, I knew nothing of it.


                  HENRY 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I perceived Mr. M'Donald laying upon the corner of Long-lane, and I awaked him. The prisoner came up, and said, is this you M'Donald, he said yes; the prisoner said I will never leave you until I see you safe home, stop while I go and fetch a coach to take him home; he was gone about two minutes, and returned back again, and laid hold of his two thighs to lift him up, he put his left hand into his right-hand pocket, and pulled out some papers.
Q. Who did this - A. The prisoner, and turned about and went up the street, and left me there with the man.
Q. What became of M'Donald - A. I got him down upon the White Bear Bench, in Aldersgate street, and there he went asleep, I saw him about two hours afterwards.
Mr. Alley. I take it for granted that you saw M'Donald home when you saw him so drunk - A. No.
Q. What inducement had you to wake him - A. I saw him lay there, and as I came up, the prisoner came up immediately, and said, M'Donald I will never leave you until I take you home.
Q. Were not you there ten minutes or more; as you found Mr. M'Donald so you left him - A. I did not think that Feast came there to rob him; I thought he was coming as a friend to assist him; I thought that as Mr. Feast had taken the money he would return it the next day.
Q. When for the first time was it that you transferred this friendly act of Mr. Feast into a robbery - A. I saw him put his hand into his coat pocket and take it out.
Q. M'Donald was very drunk - A. He was sensible, he could speak if anybody spoke to him.
Q. What time was it - A. Between four and five o'clock; I am positive it was before five; I do not think it was soon enough for a man to travel to Esdaile's and back again.
Q. You found M'Donald as drunk as a man could be - A. He was in liquor. I never saw a man much worse.
Mr. Alley. How long were you at the corner of Long-lane - A. I cannot tell exactly.
Q. Can you tell any thing that happened to you while you were there - A. I cannot particularly, I could walk.
Q. Can you tell what became of your notes - A. No, I could not. I did not find it out till I went to put my hand in my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. M'Donald gave me two notes, and the next morning I found the twenty pound note instead of a one pound; I went to Esdaile's to get change for the note, thinking to give M'Donald nineteen pounds out of it; and I should have given it to the son had not he bore a very loose character, and I thought he would not return it to his father.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
