





188. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, three books, value 2l., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mann
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in the Commercial-road


. On Saturday, the 18th of October, in the afternoon, I left my shop, when I returned, between five and six, I missed three books from the shelf where they had been exposed for sale - I saw them before I went out. I missed them immediately on my return to my parlour. The same evening I went to several pawnbroker's, and described the books; on the Monday following I found them at Mr. Avilla's.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Avilla
               



            , pawnbroker, who lives in Well-street; I know the prisoner. I saw him on the 18th of October, he came to my master's shop, brought three books, saying, he brought them from his father, and that he lodged in Lisbon-street, Commercial-road, which is about five minutes walk from our house. I lent him twelve shillings upon them. I gave him the money before I heard the books had been lost by Mr. Mann. Five or six weeks after the prisoner pledged the books he came to offer a time-piece. He was disguised. I made an excuse, to detain him while I sent for the prosecutor. I pretended not to know him, and said time-pieces were cumbersome, and I did not like to take them in from strangers. He said, "I am no stranger, you may remember my bringing some books sometime ago;" mentioning these very books, the Bible, in two volumes, and the prayer-book. I asked him if he was the person who pledged them? he said, "Yes, in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



            ." I sent for Mr. Mann. The prisoner then said he did not bring the books from his father, but from William Moore, a person in the seafaring line, who had since gone to sea; but could give no account where the young man, 
               
                  William 
                  Moore
               



            , lived. The prisoner was dressed as a cheesemonger when he first came; and when he came the second time he had got on a sailor's dress.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday the 18th of August, as I came home from work I met a young man named Moore, who had those books under his arm; he asked me if I was in the habit of going to pawnbrokers, and if I would pledge them for him? I said I would, and according went to the pawnbroker's and asked 1l. on them; they lent me twelve shillings, and I went to the young man, gave him the money, and he gave me a glass of liquor for my trouble.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               Stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
