





410. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, a frock, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Lewis 
                     Birkett
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  BIRKETT
               



            . My husband is a book-binder
, his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Lewis Birkett
               



            , we live at No. 40, White Cross Street


. On Saturday 6th of April, about half-past twelve we dined, my child went to the door; I did not see him from that time until he was brought to me by some children about four o'clock.


                  ANN 
                  HOLLIWAY
               



            . It was near upon one o'clock that I went out of my place to get a pint of beer for dinner. I live in Long-alley; our back door, which lodgers go in at, is in Hand-alley. When I came back with the beer, the door was pushed to, the door is never pushed to, because it is very dark; I pushed it open, and a genteel woman came from behind the door. I did not observe her at the time having any child by her; I passed her, I got up three stairs, I heard her say come Billy, she took this child up in her arms, I turned round, I saw the frock was intirely untied behind, and one of the childs arms intirely bare; she turned round to me with this child in her arms, she said I beg your pardon Ma'am, let me tie this child's frock, the child has piddled itself, seeing her a genteel woman I went up stairs, and said nothing. It was a coloured frock.
Q. Look at the prisoner, is that the woman. - A. As soon as my husband had gone from dinner I went down stairs, the neighbours said do you know this child, it is drove out of your passage. I said I saw this child in a genteel woman's arms, she said she was going to turn the frock; aye, said they, she has turned it quite off. I am positive the prisoner is the woman, and I am positive of the child.
JOHN HUGGINS. I am a constable. On the 6th ofApril, about half past one, I was going along Chiswell-street, I saw a mob, I found this women had stripped a child, she was dropping this frock from under her pelisse, I picked it up I searched her, I found a ticket of a pair of ear-rings which she had stripped from another child.
Q.(to prosecutrix) Is that your child. - A. Yes, and this is my frock, here is a piece of it, I am sure it is my frock that the child had on that day.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn, I have four small children of my own, my husband lived with another woman, I had taken a drop too much of drink on that day, I picked up the frock coming a long.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
