





509. 
               
                  
                     JOHN NICHOLAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of April
, was servant to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Groves
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him, and that being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 33 l. 9 s. 9 d. and that he afterwards did secrete and steal 15 l. 9 s. 9 d. part of the said sum
            .
SECOND COUNT, for secreting the said sum, stating that he received it of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Goodall
               



            , widow.


                  THOMAS 
                  GROVES
               



            . I am a fishmonger
 at Charing-cross


. Brown is a servant
 of mine; he has lived with me about two years. I entrusted him to receive money for me, by giving him the receipts before the money was paid. I charge him with embezzling money of customers.
Q. Who is the customer - A. 
               
                  Philip 
                  Metcalfe
               



            , esq. 32, Berkley-square; he was indebted to me thirty-three pounds nine shillings and nine pence; the prisoner accompted eighteen pounds of that; there remained fifteen pounds nine shillings and nine pence.


                  ANN 
                  GOODALL
               



            . I am housekeeper to 
               
                  Philip 
                  Metcalfe
               



            , esq. I always paid my bills once a fortnight, by my master's desire. I paid him thirty-three pounds nine shillings and nine pence, except three shillings and ten pence which I have paid to Mr. Groves since. I am sure I paid the prisoner that money; he gave me these receipts, and that is the money I really paid him.
Prisoner's Defence. I fell into this error through fear of being arrested, and my wife was near her lying-in. I wish I had been taken for debt, instead of being brought here as a culprit. At Bow-street, Mr. Groves said I paid him eighteen pounds eight shillings and four pence; at all events, there is nine shilling to deduct that I paid to Mrs. Goodall for poundage



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
