





65. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of November
, a coat, value 1 l. two petticoats, value 10 s. a gown, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. four waistcoats, value 4 s. three handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a table-cloth, value 1 s. and a shirt, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Reeves
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of stockings, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Swaine
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a boatman
. I lost the things on the 22d of November, out of the cabin of the boat, at Paddington


.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. I do not know. On the 22d of November, in the morning, he came and asked me if I wanted any help to unload, I told him I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  SWAINE
               



            . I lost a pair of stockings out of the cabin on the 22d. The prisoner called me of one side, and said I must not own to them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  REEVES
               



            . My husband is a boatman. I saw the prisoner in the morning, near the boat, in the evening I saw him again, Mr. Crib came in, he said he thought he had been robbing of us; my husband and me went down to the boat, we saw the cabin broken open, and the property gone.


                  ROBERT 
                  CRIB
               



            . I live at the Green Man, at Paddington. On the 22d of November the prisoner was backwards and forwards in my house several times, I had a suspicion of the prisoner, and set a watch on him, there was a quantity of things found in the gateway of my yard, and afterwards the prisoner said he had deposited a bundle in my yard, it contained a jacket, trowsers, and shirt, belonging to himself, the property mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner's things were found altogether in the yard.
Mrs. Reeves. These are the things, they are all my husband's things except the stockings, and they are 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Swaine
               



            's.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a stranger, I was seeking work, they said they could not give me work, I could not get a lodging, Mr. Crib would not let me stop all night, he took my bundle, and when I came back I asked for my bundle.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



             was called, and not appearing in court his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
