







821. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAMBRIDGE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WYNN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Julia 
                           Levene
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about nine o'clock in the night of the 28th of April
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, two pictures, value 18d., and one table-cloth, value 3s., her property
            .


                  JULIA 
                  LEVENE
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Fashion-court, Spitalfields


. On the 28th of April I went out about nine o'clock in the morning, and returned at half-past eight o'clock at night, and found my door broken open, and the pictures and table-cloth gone.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I was fetched home-it was then dark- my things were all lying about the floor; my trunk was emptied.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSBROOK
               



            . I keep a coal-shed at the corner of Fashion-court. On the 28th of April, about half-past eight o'clock- I was fastening my shutters, and saw the prisoner, Wynn, standing at the corner of my house; he was singing very loud, and appeared agitated, which made me suspect him. I turned the corner of the court, he then called out "Wooey!" quite loud. I ran up the court to Levene's house, as she was out. The prisoner, Bambridge, ran out with some linen under his arm - I knew him before; he dropped it at the door; I pursued, and caught him about the middle of the court, and asked him where he had been? he said, "Nowhere." I saw some linen in his hand, which was behind him, and took it from him. As I was taking him back to the house Murphy ran out with a load of linen, which he also dropped at the door. I took Bambridge to the watch-house. I knew Murphy before - He had a remarkable ragged coat on. They had a light inthe house, which they extinguished when they ran out. As I returned from the watch-house, I was told he was at a public-house in Brick-lane- I went, and found him standing at the door- I am sure he is the man; I gave him in charge. I went to the house, and found they had broken the bolt off the shutters- it was quite dark.
Cross-examined. I knew them both before. Bambridge had a candle in his hand, I saw his face. When I took Murphy, a gentleman said he had something about him; he immediately unbuttoned his coat, and threw out the table-cloth.


                  JAMES 
                  ADAMSON
               



            . I am the watch inspector. On the 29th of April I was going on duty, and met the prisoner, Wynn, and Gordon, who is not here, about a quarter before one o'clock in the morning. As they passed me I heard Gordon say to Wynn, "Hold your tongue!"-Wynn used a bad expression, which made me notice them. I turned back, and followed them to Paternoster-row, opposite Spitalfields church; I then heard Wynn say, "If we had had a little more patience we should have done the trick." I immediately took them both. Wynn said he lived at No. 15, White Lion-street - I found it was false.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. Adamson has spoken correctly.
Cross-examined. Murphy's clothes were ragged.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MURPHY'S Defence. I never saw the other prisoners - I was at the corner of the street.
BAMBRIDGE - GUILTY. Aged 16.
MURPHY - GUILTY. Aged 17.
WYNN - GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of stealing only
            . 




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
