






61. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BUDD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October

, one bonnet, value 10s., and seventy yards of ribbon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael Walford 
                     Boyle
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Spurden
               



            , and 
               
                  Fisher 
                  Walford
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, on the same day, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  William 
                  Budd
               






               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SARAH SMITHERS. I live in Cock-lane. I know the prisoner, Gray, I have seen him meet the prisoner, Budd, several times. On the 4th of October I saw him come out of Wood-street to the corner of Silver-street, and go into the Cooper's Arms-Gray was there; I had followed him from Cock-lane; I saw them together in the house, and saw Budd pull something out of his pocket, and give it to Gray, it looked like ribbons. I found where Budd lived, and gave his master information.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Gray used to frequent Fleet-market.
MR. MICHAEL WALFORD BOYLE. I am in partnership with Charles Spurden and Fisher Walford. We are wholesale haberdashers, residing in Friday-street; the prisoner Budd had been two years in our service; he had access to the whole of our stock, which is very large. Smithers gave me information on the 30th of October; I sent for Budd, and spoke to him about this; in consequence of what passed, I got a search-warrant, and went to the prisoner Gray's apartments, in Pomberton-row, Gough-square, with Cartwright and Armstrong. While we were searching, Gray came in, and said they were his apartments; we found the articles stated in the indictment there, which, to the best of my belief, are our property. There was no appearance of business in the room.
Cross-examined. I will not swear I had not sold them; we do not sell in town-there was a woman in the room.
DANIEL CARTWRIGHT. I am an officer. I went with the warrant - I have known 
               Gray
             a long time, he is not an haberdasher; we found the bonnet in his cupboard, and the ribbons in the table drawer.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
