





601. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COMPTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, sixty dozen of bolts, value 5l. sixty dozen of bolt-nutts, value 2l. ten pairs of gibb-straps, value 6s. eleven pole-bolt caps, value 4s. and four dozen of washers, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  James Collingridge

               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rowley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Mansel
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. Laying the property on other persons.


                  GEORGE 
                  MANSEL
               



            . I am a coach-maker


; I am in partnership with James Collingridge and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rowley
               



            . The prisoner was in our service as a labourer
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POYNTER
               



            . On the 14th of April, the prisoner at the bar came to me, and told me he had a great quantity of bolts to sell. I am a coach-maker, and I agreed with him to go and look at them the day following. I went and looked at them. I did not know at that time what capacity the prisoner was in; but after I had learned that he was in the employ of Messrs. Collingridge and Co. in Liquorpond street


, a suspicion arose in my mind that he had not come honestly by them. I accordingly went to him with a friend, and told him I was not satisfied concerning the bolts I had bought of him. After taking me to a great many places to see the person of whom he said he bought them, without effect, I determined to take them to Messrs. Collingridge, because I knew that if they were got from their premises, they would have the tools with which they were made. I went there, and as I was going along, the prisoner said, you appear dissatisfied, if you like I will give you your money back again; I told him no; that it was my determination to see the matter properly cleared up, and then I should be satisfied. When I took them to Liquorpondstreet, the prosecutors claimed them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a foreman in the smithing department to Messrs. Collingridge's. These articles are their property, and I have got the tools in Court with which they were made. The prisoner was in our service three or four months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , SER. I am officer, and took the prisoner into custody. I found a dozen and a half of bolts at the prisoner's house, and four dozen of washers.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them, and paid for them in July last.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
