






282. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KEMP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, a pocket handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cadogan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CADOGAN. I am a carpenter
. On the 9th of April I was going to Doctor's Commons, about one o'clock in the day: I was near the end of Water-lane, Fleet-street, on the north side of Fleet-street


. There  were a number of persons assembled, so as to oblige me to go off the foot-way; there was a girl crying in the midst of these persons, which induced me to stop. I asked what she was crying for. On my turning round to make the enquiry, I perceived my handkerchief passing from my pocket. I caught hold of the prisoner, he threw the handkerchief down.

Q. 
            Are you sure that you saw it in his hand - A. I saw it in his hand: with one hand I caught hold of the prisoner, and with the other I stooped down and picked up the handkerchief. The prisoner then immediately got away from me; I pursued the prisoner across the street and caught him, and with assistance we secured him; he was taken to Guildhall.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIAM KING
               



            . I am a bookbinder. I happened to be going up Fleet-street, on Water-lane side of the way, I saw a mob opposite, which took my attention; and while I was looking they cried out, stop thief; this man ran across the way, I catched him by the collar, and Mr. Cadogan secured him.
Mr. VERNON. I am beadle of St. Bride's parish. I took the prisoner in custody. This handkerchief was given to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Fleet-street with my wife; seeing a mob I stopped to see what was the matter. I put my hands against this gentleman. I deny taking the handkerchief; the gentleman never saw the handkerchief in my hand.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
