





87. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, a cask of butter, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Leslie
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LESLIE
               



            . I live at Mount-terrace, Whitechapel-road. I am a merchant
. In the middle of last month I had thirteen casks of butter upon the wharf. I wrote a direction, and put it upon two casks. I called on the Monday morning after and the clerk told me one of them had been stolen. I left them at Hoare's wharf, Hermitage-bridge


.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POWIS
               



            . On November the 21st, in the evening, I stopped the prisoner carrying this firkin of butter, in Rosemary-branch-alley. I asked him what he had got there. I am an officer. He told me it was a cask of olives, he was taking it to Duke's-place. I took it into a shop, and borrowed a hammer. I knocked the hoops off, to see what it was. He then said, it might be other pickles. On finding it to be butter, I asked him where he brought it from, or how he got it. He would not give me any account whatever. I told him I must take him in custody. He resisted. I took him in custody by force. On the head of this cask was these directions; two pieces fastoned by three tacks. I made enquiries, and found it belonged to Mr. Leslie. This is the cask.
- . I am a clerk at Hoare's wharf. This is one of the firkins that we had on our wharf. We sent the casks to Botolph wharf about three o'clock in the afternoon.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEVAN
               



            . I am a carman. I took these casks to Botolph wharf. I lost one at the bottom of Crutched friars, in the broad way; that is where I supposed I missed it. I believe this to be the cask.
Prosecutor. This is my cask. This is one of the two that I wrote directions, and put it on the cask. A. L. is on the cask; an ink mark, with a brush.
Prisoner's Defence. I get my living by portering. A man asked me to carry it for him to Duke's-place. I have witnesses that saw him put it on my shoulder. They are not here now. They would be here next sessions, that is the reason I wished to put my trial off.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
