





398. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RAXWORTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOUSFIELD
               



            . My partners names are 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Favell
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Richard Bousfield
               



            , we are slop-sellers in St. Mary Axe.
Q. Do you know the house of Hollroyd and Jackson - A. Yes; they are in the same line of business, at 38, Leadenhall-street. On the 6th of March, the prisoner came to our house and presented me this note;
"Messrs. Hollroyd and Jackson will consider themselves obliged if Messrs. Favell and Bousfield will let the bearer have three dozen of the same sort of shirts as the last, at 48. When your people call on Mr. Jackson he will pay them, with the exception of five per cent for money. 38, Leadenhall-street."
Q. Did you believe that he was sent by Messrs. Hollroyd and Jackson - A. I did, and I delivered him the three dozen of shirts at the request of that note.
Q. What was the value of them - A. Six pound; and upwards; they were the property of myself and partners. I am quite certain that is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am at present in partnership with Betty Hollroyd; my partner is dead; I am in the same line of business with Messrs Favell and Bousfield; I live in Leadenhall-street.
Q. Had you any dealings with them - A. No; no dealings with them.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. No. I never sent him to Messrs. Favell; that paper is not my hand writing or partner, or any person in the house. I never sent the prisoner on the 6th of March to Messrs. Favell and Bousfield, nor authorised any other person to send him.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOTES
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Penton, Brass-founder, New-street-square. I know the prisoner,he and I lived in the same service for the space of a twelvemonth; I am well acquainted with his handwriting.
Q. Look at that and tell me whether you believe that to be his hand-writing - A. I believe it is.
COURT to Mr. Bousfield. I understand the house of Hollroyd and Jackson are not customers of yours - A. Not at all.
Q. How came you to trust him - A. I reconciled the circumstance to my own mind in consequence of Mr. Jackson having lost his partner, and this being busy shipping time I thought he might want such an assortment of goods, and therefore we were very desirous of accomodating him, and likewise the prisoner represented they were particularly busy, they could not get them made fast enough. I trusted him on account of Messrs. Hollroyd and Jackson; I should not have trusted him if I had not supposed that he had not come from these gentlemen, most assuredly.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury - this being the first time that I have been arraigned at the bar of a British court of Justice, I have taken the liberty of confuting the charges brought against me. First, I am charged with obtaining goods under false pretences, I answer, I never did, directly or indirectly, do any such thing; I never saw the evidence till I saw him in the Poultry compter, and to all the charges I am perfectly innocent; but if this assurance of my innocence should be over-ruled, I beg for the lenity of a British court of Justice; and I beg it to be understood that that is my hand-writing that I have just delivered.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
