





352. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of March
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 32 s. and ten yards of muslin, value 2 l.
             the property of the Rev.


                     James 
                     Bearblock
                  




               
            , clerk
.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROWLESON
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Bearblock, he is a clergyman
. On the 10th of March, between one and two o'clock in the middle of the day, I took the goods out of the Red Lion-inn warehouse, and put in my cart; I had been with a load of hay. My cart was standing in Red Lion-street. I put the parcel into the bag at the forepart of the cart to take it to Mr. Bearblock, at HanchurchI left the cart to go back into the yard again, and when I came back to my cart, the parcel was taken away.
JOHN HEATH. I am a linen-draper, in the Minories.
Q. Did you make up any parcel for the Rev. Mr. Bearblock - A. It was made up by one of my young men; it contained twenty-eight yards of cotton and ten yards of muslin; directed for the Rev. Mr. Bearblock, Hanchurch. I desired my servant to take it to the Red Lion, Whitechapel, and have it hooked; three pounds twelve shillings and eight-pence was the value of the parcel.


                  JAMES 
                  GARROWAY
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Jones
               



            , cheesemonger, in Whitechapel; that is very near the Red Lion. On Thursday, the 10th of March, between one and two o'clock, I saw this cart standing near the Red Lion-yard; I saw the prisoner put his hand in the front of the cart, and take a brown paper parcel out; he ran away, across Whitechapel, and up Essex-street; I lost sight of him there. I saw him about two hours afterwards in the custody of Miller and Freeman, officers. I am certain the prisoner is the man that took the parcel out of the cart.
JOHN FREEMAN. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of March; I took him at the back of Levy's house in Wentworth-street. Miller was at the front; I went to the back of the house. It is a common receiving house, kept by one Levy. I saw him coming out of the back of Levy's house. I took two of them; the prisoner was one of them. I then took him to the front of the house.
Q. Is there any appearance of a shop to this house - A. It is a kind of a chandler's shop. There I found my brother officer prevented from going up stairs. I saw the paper that apparently contained the parcel, burning; the paper was burning in a back room on the ground floor. I told the prisoner I took him for stealing a parcel out of a cart in Red Lion-street; he said, he knew nothing of it.
Q. Did you know his person before - A. Yes, I know his person well. The parcel has never been found.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a brother officer to the last witness. I went into Levy's house at the front door, and in a little room there was a great deal of brown paper in flames; I got some of it out, and was in the act of trampling it under my feet to put the flames out. A young man that was in the house ran up stairs, his name is Levy; I believe he is a relation to the man that keeps the house. He ran up stairs, and I after him to the top of the first landing; there they have got a door that shuts to; he barred the door against me.
Q. What became of the parcel the paper contained - A. I do not know. At the top of the house they have got a pigeon-trap. They might have throwed it into another yard. I went down for the poker to break the door open. He let me in after some time.
Q. Keep a good look out after this Mr. Levy - A. Yes; he does a great deal of mischief.
Q. What number is this receiving house - A. I don't know the number; it is nearly opposite of Gulstone-street; it comes into Whitechapel.


                  FRANCIS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am ostler at the Red Lion inn, Whitechapel. Mr. Heath's young man brought the parcel, he gave me two pence; I gave it to Rowleson.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing by when the gentleman took me in custody; I don't know what I was taken in custody for.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
