





1407. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     IRELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, one handkerchief, value 1 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Swan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SWAN
               



            . I am a King's officer
, and live in Richmond-place. On the 27th of September, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Thames-street


, a person called to me, and told me my handkerchief was gone; I felt and missed it. The prisoner ran past me, into Gracechurch-street, and up Globe-court, which has no thoroughfare. He was stopped, and the handkerchief produced, which I knew to be mine.


                  MARY 
                  GILL
               



            . I live in Globe-court. The prisoner walked slowly up the court, took a handkerchief from his bosom, and put it behind a water-butt - he was stopped in about a minute; I told them where the handkerchief was, and Mr. Swan claimed it. The prisoner had nobody with him.


                  EBENEZER 
                  BRAIN
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 27th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was near the end of Lower Thames-street, and saw the prisoner in company with two boys older than himself - I sawthe prisoner take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, I immediately called out,
"Sir, your pocket is picked!" The other two ran different ways, the prisoner ran up Globe-court, I followed and secured him. Mrs. Gill was at her window, and said,
"There is the handkerchief, I saw him put it there" - it was produced by a stranger - the prosecutor claimed it. He said,
"I did not take it" - I said,
"Don't deny it, for I saw you take it."


                  THOMAS 
                  SALMON
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge - I searched him and found another silk handkerchief; he said it was his own, and that he gave 3 s. 6 d. for it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two boys ran by, and threw it in my face.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
