






136. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHIPPY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, one pair of stockings, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Swears
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WITHERS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Swears
               



            , who is a hosier
, in New-street, Covent-garden


. On the 4th of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, two constables brought the prisoners in, and produced a pair of stockings, which had been taken off the stool inside the door. I did not see them taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoners and another standing near the prosecutor's door, concealed in a dark corner by the window - nobody near could see them. I watched about twenty minutes, and saw Williams snatch something from inside the door. I saw some stockings come out in his hand. I pointed the prisoners out to Glassborough, while I followed the third, but he escaped.
THOMAS GLASSBOROUGH. I was with Gook, and saw the prisoners and another standing at a private door by the wine-vaults; in about twenty minutes the third one went by. Williams took the stockings, and Shippy took them from him and put them into his hat. I secured them both. Shippy pulled his hat off, and threw the stockings on the area rails. A gentleman took them up and gave them to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SHIPPY'S Defence. I picked them up.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
SHIPPY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
