





839. 
               
                  MOSES WOOLFE 
                  LEIPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, two counterpanes, value 2 l. 10 s. five hundred and fifty seals, value 20 l. and one hundred cornelian stones, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .
MRS. STEWART. I am the wife of Lieutenant Colonel


                  John 
                  Stewart
               



            .
Q. Had you some time ago, some valuable property to dispose off, some precious stones - A. Yes. The prisoner was introduced to me by a man of the name of Harding, as the son of a rich merchant; the prisoner told me himself, he was the son of a rich merchant, residing at Paris; he represented that he was a partner with his father, a rich merchant, in Paris; that he transacted business in London for his father in Paris. This is his card
"M. W. Leipman, Gun-square." He pretended to me that he was introduced by the Rev. Dr. Erschall, of St. Mary Axe; he came with a reference to the house. He told me he attended the Exchange in the foreign mercantile walk. He obtained of me eight hundred pounds worth of goods. I shewed him a couple of coverlids of my own work; he desired to see them. I only mentioned having them. He said, he wished to make his father a present of them. I have seen him write; I believe this letter is his hand-writing.
"66, Cavendish-square, 31st July, Madam, I am just now in the square, and may-be I can sell your two counterpanes; send them by the bearer, and let me knew the lowest price, and give him something to put them in; he shall bring them back to you by to-morrow, or next day; addressed M. W. LEIPMAN". This is the letter; it was brought by a boy. I gave the boy the counterpanes. I saw the prisoner afterwards in the course of two or three days; I then asked him, why he did not send the counterpanes back; he said, he was afraid to send them back, the Custom House officers might seize them. I told him they were not contraband; the same boy that took them to him, might bring them back to me. He then said, he would send them back immediately. They never did come back. After some time, I found I was taken in.
Q. Did you find him at No. 7, Gun-square - A. I did not; he was removed from thence. I got no money of him. I put too much confidence in him; I thought he was an honest man. Mr. Harding came with a message from the High Priest; instead of coming as a servant, he came as a gentleman.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the counterpanes and the tapes, which were illegal goods.
COURT. If they were illegal or smuggled, that does not alter your offence.
Prisoner. I sent the boy for them with a note; the lady cautioned me that they were illegal. I do not know where the person lives that purchased them. The lady told me not to send them up; she was going in the country; if she wants the money, she may have it. The lady particularly desired me not to send any money in a letter.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
