






586. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  NORTON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALMSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Castang
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night, with intent to steal, and feloniously stealing therein, ten pigeons, value 15 s. and three ducks, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Castang
               



            .
PHILIP CASTANG I keep a bird-shop
 in the Hampstead-road, opposite the New River Reservoir


.
Q Is your shop part of your house - A. It is my dwelling-house, I have a part of my family sleep in that house; I sleep in the other where the rooms run one out into the other. On the 29th of June, about between two and three o'clock in the morning, the watchman knocked at my door, I opened the window, he said he supposed the house had been robbed, I went down stairs, I found two or three shutters taken down, the pin was taken out, which fastens the bar; I afterwards found the pin in the mud in the middle of the road. Upon searching my shop I found some of the baskets were taken away, and on looking about I found four of the baskets were out under the stall board in the street. On my going into the shop I discovered another basket empty, and a basket that contained three ducks was cut, and the ducks taken out, and a clasp knife lay on the stall-board, which knife was claimed by one of the prisoners; between four and five there were two men being taken to the watch-house; I went to the watchhouse, and the prisoners were then being searched, they had then taken out of their pockets five pigeons alive, and a handkerchief I saw there containing three of my ducks, they were dead.
Q. What became of the other pigeons - 
               A. 
            There was another concerned in the robbery, he made his escape.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a watchman on the Hampstead-road. A little after two in the morning on the 29th of June, I alarmed Mr. Castang, I saw his shutters out of place. I had not seen any body about.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a constable. On Saturday morning, about three o'clock, I was going round at the Upper Gower street, I saw three men in the fields some distance from me, I called a watchman and told him there were three men I suspected in the Fields; I told him to go a little way from me, and I went after them; after I saw the tall one put a bundle into the hole of the field I went up to where they put the bundle down, and asked what they had got there. They had got a pigeon in their hand at that time, looking at it. I catched hold of the two prisoners, and the little one got away; the watchman catched him, and the ran off, We took the prisoners up to St. Pancras's watchhouse searched them and found the pigeons upon them.


                  GEORGE 
                  MAUX
               



            . I am watchhouse-keeper. Clark brought the ducks in a handkerchief. On searching Norton I found four live pigeons in his pockets, and a white lan tail in the pocket of Walmsley. Mr. Castang came to the watchhouse, and claimed them. Mr. Castang brought in a knife at the watchhouse Norton owned the knife.
Norton's Defence. I am quite innocent of the crime.
Walmsley's Defence. I met Norton between three and four in the morning in Tottenham-court-road, he said he would stop there till it got a little later, and then he would take the pigeons home.
Norton called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
NORTON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
WALMSLEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
