






641. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Perry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PARRY
               



            . I live with my brother, who is a wholesale draper, No. 43, Broad-street. I was at Harlow Green Fair


, it was between seven and eight in the evening; the fair was very much crouded; I was making way out of the crowd; I was told by an officer, my handkerchief was gone; I felt in my pocket, and found it was gone. The constable produced the handkerchief to me; the handkerchief was mine.
Q. What might be the value of your handkerchief - A. About eighteen-pence; it was a silk handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am a constable. I was at Harlow Green Fair; I saw the two prisoners there, and two others; I had been there about two hours. I saw 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Davis
               



             take this handkerchief out of Mr. Parry's right pocket; the other was at a distance, three yards at least. I laid hold of Davis, and told Mr. Parry he had lost his handkerchief. 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Allen
               



             was trying peoples pockets outside; when Davis took this handkerchief, Allen was engaged in other pursuits of a similar kind, further off; I do not think he saw Davis do this act. I am sure Davis took the handkerchief out of Mr. Parry's pocket.
Davis's Defence. I went to this fair with five others, with oranges. I never until now have been in confinement; I have been honest and industrious. I hope you will take my unhappy case into your consideration.
The prisoner, Davis, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
DAVIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ALLEN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
