





273. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Florey
                        



                     
                  , about ten o'clock in the forenoon of the 9th of January
 (he and others of his family being therein), with intent to steal, and stealing therein three petticoats, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Newman
                  



               
            .
SARAH NEWMAN. I lodge in Mr. Florey's front kitchen. On Thursday morning I put the petticoats in the back kitchen to dry; I left the window shut, and locked the door, and gave the key to the landlady, as she, and the other lodgers, dry their things there also. Next evening I went there, and missed them - I do not know when they were taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  FLOREY
               



            . I am the landlord of the house. On Thursday and Friday I saw the window shut down.


                  MARY 
                  FLOREY
               



            . I had the key of the back kitchen, and saw the things safe on Thursday evening. I put the key in the shop.



                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday morning, the 9th of January, I met a young man in Charles-street, Drury-lane; he turned two or three times, and looked towards Drury-lane, from where he came; suspecting something, I stood a moment or two, and saw the prisoner on the opposite side, looking down Charles-street - he saw me cross towards him, and he crossed directly opposite Short's-gardens; I stopped him, and asked him what he had in this bundle? he said it was some things for his sister, and that he brought them from his mother. I found they were three wet petticoats. It was about half-past eleven o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met two young men in the Newroad; they told me to come with them; the prosecutor's daughter called one of them in - He came out with the bundle, gave it to me, and old me to go on, and said he would follow. When we came to Oxford-street he said it was stolen.
JOHN WILD. I am a hair-dresser. On the 9th of January, about a quarter after nine o'clock, I saw two lads come out of the house; they had nothing in their hands - I did not see the prisoner.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               Stealing only
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
