






691. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAYES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of February
, one 25l., two 2l., and one 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Dwyer
                  




               
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  DWYER
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and live in Oxford-street. I went into the country to see a fight; I met the prisoner on the road, and got into conversation with him. When we returned, we went into a public-house, in Berner-street, Oxford-street; I asked him to have something to drink; he said he had been robbed of 4s. at the fight; I said I would treat him - We had a glass or two or gin. I took him to two or three public-houses; when we got to the sign of the Victory


, I had no change, and took out my pocket-book, which contained a 25l., two 2l., and one 1l. bank notes; they were wrapped in different parcels; the prisoner put his hand over my shoulder, snatched one of the notes from me, and ran out. I followed, but lost sight of him. I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q.Was you not drunk all the afternoon- A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  CASLAKE
               



            . On the 3d of February, the prosecutor and prisoner came together into the house; the prosecutor pulled out his pocket-book, with several notes in it; he wanted change, and took one out; I refused to serve him because he was drunk; the prisoner put his hand over his shoulder, and snatched one note away.
Prisoner. Q. Did he not give it me to get changed - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HEBDEN
               



            . I am a linen-draper. The prisoner came to my shop to buy a whittle, and asked if I would change a 25l. note; he said he had been to the fight, and had lost 5l. and won 25l. I marked the note.


                  CHARLES 
                  LLEWELLYN
               



            . I live with Hopwood and Co., Duke-street, Manchester-square. I gave the prisoner change for the 25l. note.
MR. PUGH. I am a bank-clerk. The note came into the Bank.


                  JOHN 
                  CREEVY
               



            . I changed a 50l. note for the prosecutor, and gave him that 25l. note in change.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  DWYER
               



            . That is the note.


                  JOHN 
                  HEBDEN
               



            . It is the note the prisoner offered me.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLHARD
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 2d of March.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the fight; he gave me the note to get changed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
