






37. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WESTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
 a box coat, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jarvis
                  




               
            , esq.




                  RICHARD 
                  HORLEY
               



            . I am coachman to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jarvis
               



            , esq. he resides in Russel-square


. On the 9th of November, I put up the carriage in the coach house; I left the box coat on the box; the coach doors were not shut too; I saw the box coat about half past one; I missed it a little before three from off the box of the carriage. I saw the coat again the same night, it was brought to our house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Compton-street, I there saw the two prisoners and a Jew with a pocket-book in his hand, it appeared to me he had a bank note in his fingers, he was just taking a note out of his pocket-book, and by the side of the jew I saw a large bag twisted up, and a great coat laying by the side of that, it was laying between the prisoners and the the Jew. I knowing the prisoners, I asked them what they were doing with the Jew; they replied, they were buying a jacket of the Jew; by that reply, the Jew shut up his pocket-book, and put the bit of paper in his pocket-book what he had in his fingers, and put the pocket-book in his pocket; he took up his bag, and put it on his shoulder, without saying a word. I asked him whosegreat coat that was, that he was leaving behind; he said, that coat the two prisoners offered him for sale; he said that five or six times in their hearing, he was about purchasing it; they denied the great coat. The Jew said it was a bad lot, he would have nothing to do with it. I took the two prisoners to Bow-street office, and the coat. By enquiry I found the coat belonged to Mr. Jarvis.


                  JAMES 
                  JOYCE
               



            . My father lives in Compton-street, nearly opposite of the spot where this transaction took place. I observed a Polish Jew walking by my father's house; behind him were the two prisoners, one of them had the coat on his arm, and when I got to the door, I saw the officer having the coat; when he had got the coat, the prisoners said nothing, neither of them. I am sure the prisoners are the same men.
Perry's Defence. I saw this Jew with the his bag on his shoulder; I asked him if he had got a fustian jacket to sell; he said, he had a velveteen jacket, he could shew it me, he put his bag down in Compton-street, he put the coat out of the bag; he said come a little further, carrying this coat when Godfrey came up; I told him to take the Jew; I had never seen the coat before.
Weston's Defence. I was coming by when the Jew and this man had conversation together. The officer took me as well as Perry.
WESTON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
PERRY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
