





326. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HELSEY 
                     BARDELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, a sack, value 3 s. and five bushels of flour, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Giles 
                     Deane
                  




               
            .


                  GILES 
                  DEANE
               



            . I am a baker
, No. 5, Commercial-row, Poplar


. The prisoner was my servant
. On the 13th of February, between the hours of five and seven, he had to put up my barrow, and after he put up the barrow he brought the keys. He said, he had put the padlock on the stable, he had forgot to lock it. Soon after, he came for his wages; he received them and went about his business. I went into the warehouse, and missed a sack of flour. I returned to my son, and asked him if he had lent a sack of flour. He said, no. We looked for the sack; we could not find the sack any where. We proceeded to a neighbour's, a coal-shed adjoining our warehouse; there we found the flour deposited between the sugar casks, which were in a row in the Commercial-row, now a road that joins the back of our premises. We concealed ourselves and watched. At eleven o'clock the prisoner and another man came to where the flour was; they stopped a short time and then went away. At one o'clock a coach came down the Commercial-road; the prisoner jumped from behind the coach. He immediately went to where the flour was deposited. He took out the flour from behind the puncheons. We saw him move the puncheons and take the flour out. He then had got it on the path. We rushed upon him The prisoner tried to make his escape; my son followed him and took him.


                  JOHN 
                  DEANE
               



            . I was watching with my father. I saw him take the sack from being the sugar hogsheads; we rushed upon him. He ran; I pursued, and took him. This is the sack.
Prosecutor. That is my miller's sack. I can swear to that sack by different marks, that I can prove it was in my possession.
- LEVY. I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watchhouse at one o'clock in the morning; he told me that he was teased by a man out of employ, to rob his master. That is what he told me.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
