






610. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JORDAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             were indicted for for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 22lbs. of beef, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               

                        Richard 
                        Martin
                     



                  , senior




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . My brother, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Martin
               



            , is a butcher

, and lives in King-street, Westminster


. I manage his business for him; my son, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Martin
               



            , also assists him. I can see any person go to the house from my own house, which is in the same street. I was on the watch on the 27th of April, about six o'clock in the morning. I saw the prisoner, Jordan (who was my brother's journeyman
), cross from George-street to the shop, and soon after, Collins crossed over. I came down to the street - door, and saw Collins come from the shop with something bulky, which he had not got before; he crossed into George-street. I had ordered some meat to be marked the night before. I went after him, and collared him in George-street, and said, "I think you have been carrying on this business long enough." I took him back, and took the meat out of his apron. I told him he was very ungreatful, as I had often assisted him, and that he must have a great many people, who bought the meat of him. He said, he should not convict any but himself, and we could not hang him for what he had done. He had thirty-eight pounds of meat in his apron, all marked.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Jordan's business brought him there early in the morning.


                  RICHARD 
                  MARTIN
               



            , jun, I am the son of the last witness. I marked the meat, and placed myself on the kitchen stairs to watch. I heard Jordan come in about six o'clock; I saw him take a shoulder of mutton, and give it to a man, whose face I could not see - He put it under his coat, and went away. I went down stairs to get my shoes, and when I came up a fore-quarter of mutton, and some beef, which I had marked, were tied up in a basket, and covered with an apron. The prisoners were in the shop - They talked together, and Jordan went out of the door, and Collins put up the bundle and went out. I ran from my hiding-place, and found Collins in custody-Jordan was taken soon after. He said we could not hurt him, for Collins took it while he was out of the shop. Jordan did not give any account of receiving money that morning.
JORDAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
