





739. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MOODY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, nine gallon; of rum, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hibbert
                  



               
            , the elder
, 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hibbert
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hibbert
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same as the first, only stating the goods to be the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Davis
               



            .
THIRD COUNT. Like the two former, only stating the goods to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Davis, who is a lighterman
. In consequence of orders we received from Messrs. Hibberts nine puncheons of rum were put on board a boat belonging to Mr. Flowers, which we had borrowed in the West India, homeward bound Docks.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTEL
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               Davis
             the lighterman; I left the rum in the boat, between two and three o'clock, to Mr. 
               Watson
             a watchman of the excise. There were no spirits in the puncheons when I left them.
THOMAS EDWARD. I am delivering officer of the rum warehouse, I delivered the casks of rum to Watson they were all full bearing the samples; they were marked with a C. in a diamond, together with the initials of the captain's name, and the letters C. K. and the word Bristow.
WILLIAM WATSON. I am an Excise watchman. On the 19th of May, I took charge of nine puncheons of rum at about eleven o'clock in the day; they were in a lugger boat, it was impossible for any one to spile them during my watch; I had not charge of them during the night; I came the next morning about half past six to relieve the prisoner. When I came near the boat. I asked him what made me liquor smell so strong, he answered that there was a leaking in one of the casks; I did not perceive anything the matter with the casks until 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pugh
               



             came. In consequence of something he told me, I was led to examine the casks, and I found seven of them with a spile in each. Information was given to Mr. Tanner, the superior officer, and then the rums were relanded and dipt by Mr. Field.
Cross-examined. During the time that I first took charge of them, my attention was fixed on them, that nobody could have spiled them nor could any one have done so whilst I had charge of them the second time.


                  PETER 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a corporal. I was on duty on the morning of the 20th of May, in the West India Docks; I observed the prisoner about four o'clock in the morning in the boat, wiping some wet from the side of one of the casks. I said to him that stuff smells strong this morning; he was wiping the wet off with the tails of his coat; he said in answer, that he did not know, he had not tasted it; he appeared to be concealing the wet upon the casks with the tails of his coat; I observed he came out of the boat as soon as I came away; he appeared from the colour of his features to have had a little drop, but not so much as to intoxicate him.
Cross-examined. People are not very red in a morning when they have been up all night, at least soldiers are not so, unless they have had a little drop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOMLINSON
               



            . I am a private in the same company as the last witness; I was on duty very early in the morning of the 20th and saw Collins come over the iron bridge with ten or twelve five or three shilling pieces in his hand; he went to the boat where the rum was, and gave half the money to the prisoner; I saw the man in the boat wipe the side of the boat and the sides of the casks. There appeared to be wet running down the sides of the casks; I was not more than ten yards from the boat.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an Excise watchman, in the West India Docks; I was on duty early in the morning of the 20th, between three and four; I saw a man named 
               
                  George 
                  Collins
               



            , who came out of the road into the Docks, go to the centinel's box, close by the bridge and then go over the bridge with a gallon can. He went to the Limehouse Basin, and dipped some water in the can, and then came over to the centinel's box; there were two or three centinels standing round the box; a pint pot was handed out, he drank and shook his head very much. I saw three charges, and one of them was without a watchman; it was the charge where the rum was; I kept my eye upon that charge until Moody came; I asked him whether he had charge of that boat? I observed him come in from the gate, I asked him where he was at three o'clock, he said on board the boat; I knew he was not, and I asked him whether he was not just then come in, he said, he had just been out to get a pint of beer; I kept my eye upon the party until I was relieved, a little after seven.


                  EDWARD 
                  PUGH
               



            . In consequence of a communication which I received, I went on board the boat where the nine puncheons of rum were; I examinedeach seperately, and found seven out of the nine with plugs in the sides. I gave information to Mr. Tanner.
JOHN FIELD, I went on board, about which contained nine puncheons of rum, for the purpose of examining them, in consequence of my being informed that they had been plundered. I found seven spoils in them; and the sides of the casks were discoloured; I did not smell rum. On the casks being, dipt, some of them wanted one inch, others two, others three inches; and altogether there was at least nine gallons wanting.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a shipping clerk to Messrs. Hibbert and Company; who are wine and spirit merchants in Jury-street; I saw the puncheons of rum filled up, and the samples were taken out afterwards; they were not spiled when they were put into the boat, if they had been I must have seen it; the side of the boat was lared, and by the spirit runing on it, it was turned quite white.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was waterman at the water-gate, in the West India Docks, the prisoner is an Excise watchman. Moody came up to me and said he was going to get a drop of rum, and I might as well have a shilling or two as not; he then walked up the basin side, and said, go you to your post, I have got a fellow here, that will get a drop in no time; he then went up the side of the Basin, towards the guard room, and in two or three minutes he returned in company with another man, whom I knew by sight not by name. The man seemed afraid of me, but Moody said, you be not afraid of him, because I know him very well. They then went and hauled the boat away from where she was, opposite the guard house, and there the other man went on board the boat, and was there about three quarters of an hour; Moody said, he was a d - d long while about it. He then handed two bladders to me while Moody was by him, I don't know whether they were full; the man brought one or two in his hand. When they came on shore, I asked them how they were going to get rid of it; one of them said they would get it over the wall: they put one of the bladders underneath the slider, and then went over the wall with the rest, I permitting them. I saw no more of them until they came back, and then Moody gave me ten or twelve shillings in three shilling pieces. We then went and sit down in a box, and there was a drop drawn off to drink; one of the constables came by at the time, and the prisoner proposed to let him drink; he sat down with us, and drank with us. Another constable came, and he drank with us also. We then seperated, and Moody proposed to get a drop more for ourselves; the same man went again, and got some more, and they gave me some in a skin.
Mr. Adolphus. Then Moody knew that you were such a thief, that he told the other man he need not be afraid of you - A. I don't know his opinion as to that.
Q. I suppose you never knew anything of this kind to be done before - A. I don't know for that.
Q. Was it you who proposed to take the rum - A. Not to my knowledge. What should I propose it for, when he had a man already.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge and have a wife and eight children.



               GUILTY
             aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
