







1329. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BURN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROWLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHANNON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10thof July
, one bonnet, value 8 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Perrin
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRIN
               



            . I am a straw-hat manufacturer
, and live in Exeter-street, Sloane-street


. On the 10th of July I went out about ten o'clock at night - on my return I found the prisoners in custody.


                  MARY 
                  PERRIN
               



            . I was at home; a man came in with an excuse to buy a halfpenny-worth of wire - I told him I did not sell so small a quantity, he went away. Some minutes after, a crowd of people came into the shop, and produced a bonnet, which I knew to be mine, but had not missed it; they had the prisoners in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I belong to the Royal Humane Society, and live at Knightsbridge. I was going by the top of Sloane-street, and saw the prisoners and another man together about ten o'clock; I suspected and watched them. They attempted several shops, looking in at the doors; one went into a grocer's shop - I knew them before. Two went into Perrins's, and two kept outside. The man, who is not here, caught hold of a bonnet and threw it out of the shop, Rowley caught it. An alarm was given, and I ran up; Rowley saw me, and dropped it. I caught Burn and Shannon.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a corn-chandler, and live in the neighbourhood. I saw the three prisoners and another man lurking about, I watched them. One went into a shop, came out and said,
"It won't do." They then went to Perrins's - Shannon and the other went in. I saw the bonnet come out, Rowley caught it. They were seized, and he dropped it. I secured one of them.


                  JAMES 
                  RONALD
               



            . I am a baker, and live nearly opposite to Perrin. I was standing at my door, Johnson gave me information. I saw the bonnet handed from the door to the other two - they left the door. There was a cry of Stop thief! we followed and secured them. I picked the bonnet up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BURN'S Defence. I heard the cry and was taken.
ROWLEY'S Defence. I was coming from my uncle's.
SHANNON'S Defence. I went to get some wire to repair a bird-cage.
BURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
ROWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SHANNON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
