






16. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COCKSHEAD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOUSE
                  




               
             were indicted, for that 


               they on the 27th of November
, about the hour of eleven at night, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ashby
                        




                     
                  , a sack value 1 s. and a bushel of flour value 17 s. feloniously did steal and carry away, and afterwards about the hour of twelve at night burglariously did break to get out of the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ASHBY
               



            . I live at Fulham


; I am a baker
. The prisoner Cockshead was my servant
. On the 27th of November I was awoke about twelve o'clock in the night; Mr. Watts my neighbour, called me; I got up and went down stairs directly and opened the door. Mr. Watts had the prisoner House in custody; he had got part of a sack of flour by the side of him; he brought the prisoner in my house. I went for a constable; the constable came directly. We found Cockshead pretending to be asleep in the bakehouse. I told Cockshead he must know something of this flour being taken out of the bakehouse. In both the prisoners presence Mr. Watts told me he took the prisoner House with the flour on his back. House had been my servant; he left me about five months ago. Cockshead was my servant then; Cockshead denied any knowledge of the transaction. Mr. Watts and Mr. South said they were both concerned, and insisted upon both being taken to the watchhouse.
Q. Had either of them broke into the house - A. The doors were looked and the keys carried up stairs. When he went to bed I suppose the other let him in. I did not find the doors broken open; nothing was broken at all.
Q. Then the probability is the person inside opened the door and let the other person in - A. That appeared to be the case to me.
Q. Where was the flour taken from - A. Out of my warehouse; it is all my dwelling-house.


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



            . I live near Mr. Ashby. On the 27th of November Mr. South and myself had been to London, and was returning home. About twelveo'clock we were going by the prosecutor's house to our own houses. I discovered the door of Mr. Ashby's warehouse open. I looked through the key hole of Mr. Ashby's warehouse door. I saw the prisoner Cockshead fill this bag; he tied it up; I did not see House then; I went to Mr. South, told him what I had seen; we agreed to watch. I returned to Mr. Ashby's premises and found the warehouse in darkness; I returned to Mr. South, we separated one above the house and one below the house; I was compelled to take a small circuit to get to the upper part of the house, as soon as I had done that I saw the prisoner, House, cross from Mr. Ashby's house with the bag upon his shoulder; I immediately seized him and called Mr. South, he begged me to let him go, to consider his family and called me by name, I asked him what he had got there, he said, some flour that Mr. Ashby's servant had given him; he still begged me to have mercy on him, to consider his family; I told him he had no consideration for Mr. Ashby's family, neither should I for him. Mr. South and I took him to Mr. Ashby's door with the flour, called Mr. Ashby up, who admitted us, we then sent Mr. Ashby for a constable, Mr. South and I and both the prisoners were in the bakehouse; Cockshead pretended to be asleep. We have since weighed the flour, I am in the business, it is worth twenty three shillings and nine pence.


                  JAMES 
                  SOUTH
               



            . I was with the last witness; I can confirm him in every respect.
Cockshead's Defence. I was asleep on the board at the time this happened; I know nothing of it.
House's Defence. As I was coming from London I was coming round opposite the King's head, and just as I got by Mr. Ashby's that quantity of flour laid by the path and another sack with it, I took it up and went about twenty yards from Mr. Ashby's when Mr. Watts stopped me.
Cockshead called one witness, who gave him a good character.
House called one witness, who gave him a good character.
COCKSHEAD, GUILTY, aged 20.
HOUSE, GUILTY, aged 48.




               Of stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
