





823. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, seven books, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Atlee 
                           Hunt
                        



                     
                  ; four books, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wild
                        



                     
                  ; and one book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Weekly 
                           Philip
                        



.


                  DAVID 
                  WILSON
               



            . I keep a second-hand book-shop in Carnaby-market-the prisoner has sold me books three times. He said he had lived with a clergyman, and when he lost him he lost the best friend he had, and that he gave him the books. On the 4th of April he brought a quantity of books; having some suspicion, I paid him for them, and communicated my suspicions to Mr. Sewell, whose name was in a Watts's Hymn-book, which the prisoner sold me. Mr. Hunt, and another gentleman called on me on the Monday following. We agreed that I should stop the prisoner when he came again. On the Thursday he came, and I stopped him. I produce the books he sold me.
ATLEE HUNT. I live at Harmondsworth, and attend the chapel at Harlington


. On Saturday, the 4th of April, I found the chapel broken open, and robbed. A window had been opened by taking out a pane of glass, they then entered the chapel, and broke the vestry open in the same way - A great many books and other things were taken; they broke open a desk. I lost seven books out of the drawer in my pew- I had them safe on the Sunday. Rippon's Selection, which has been produced, belongs to me. I saw the chapel on the Friday night; it was not broken open then.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILD
               



            . I rented a pew in the chapel. Two Bibles and two hymn-books belong to me.


                  JOHN 
                  COTTERIL
               



            . I am a labourer. On Saturday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, I found the chapel broken open - I keep the key. I was there on the Wednesday before, the books were then in their places.
AUGUSTUS DAWS. I live at Hatton. I was at the chapel on Thursday evening, the 7th of April- every thing was safe then; we used some of the books which were stolen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a man on Hounslow-heath.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
