





247. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, one sheet, value 3s. one gown, value 1s. and one shirt, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  WEST
               



            . I live at 77, Bunhill-row


. I lost these things on the 12th of December; an apprentice of mine, who had lived with me two years and a half, was cleaning the stairs and the passage. She had gone down, and the prisoner went in at thefirst door she found open. The neighbours told me she was about the door for three hours, waiting for an opportunity to get in. The girl called out, who has been up stairs; I said no one; she replied there was, for there was the mark of a man's feet.


                  MARY 
                  ANN JONES
               



            . I am the apprentice. I had occasion to leave the passage a short time, and when I came back, I saw the marks of dirty feet, and I saw a person's shadow next to the two pair window. The eldest daughter of my mistress heard me speak, and followed me up stairs. The prisoner threw the things out of the window. I met her on the stairs coming down, and asked her what business she had there; and she said, she wanted a person of the name of Clarke.


                  JOHN 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I was at work in the two pair of stairs room; and I am sure I saw the prisoner throw the things out of the window.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been lately out of illness; I asked for a person named Clarke, who went out a nursing; and the woman desired me to go up stairs. I know nothing about these things; I was an hour and a half in the house before the constable and prosecutor's daughter went out, and came in and said they found the things on the tiles.



               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
