





779. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
, a watch, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gentery
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GENTERY
               



            . I am a bricklayer
; I live at 51, Thornaugh-street. I lost my watch on the 30th of June. It was my business that night to get some nightmen together; coming out of the public-house in the New-road, very near the four crossings, I was accosted by two females. I cannot swear to the prisoner's person; I was accosted by her or some one; this one, if she is the same, she turned back; she appeared to be frightened and agitated; some conversation passed respecting the weather. She asked me if I was a married man; I told her yes; and when we came to the corner she left me and crossed to the Hampstead-road


. I went to this public-house, I went to take my watch out to see what o'clock it was, my watch was gone. I saw an officer; I told him I had lost my watch. I heard of my watch on Saturday; I attended Bow-street, and saw my watch there.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On Friday night, the 2nd of July, I received information from Gentery that he had been robbed of his watch. The next morning I apprehended the prisoner at her lodging; I desired her to give me the watch, or the duplicate of the watch that she had taken from a person a night or two back; she accordingly fetched it me, stating that she had had taken it from a person on Wednesday; he had only gave her four pence; she did not think that enough. This is the watch.
Prisoner. He asked me for a ticket of a thimble; I said I had a ticket of a watch; I went and got it him.
Prosecutor. That is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. The duplicate was in my room. The pawnbroker knows the young woman that pledged it.
- I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner is the person that pledged the watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
