





425. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HANCOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April
; a handkerchief, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Branson
                     




                  , junior
, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BRANSON
               



            , JUNIOR. I live with my father, 77, Cheapside. I had my pocket picked on the 20th of April. I was in Piccadilly


. I missed my handkerchiefs.
Q. Do you know who picked your pocket - A. No. The officer had my handkerchief. I saw it again.
JOHN CARLISLE. I am an officer. On the 20th of April I was in Piccadilly. I followed the prisoner. I saw the prisoner put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, but he got nothing. He passed from one gentleman to another; he put his hand into their pocket and got nothing; then he came to this young man's pocket, and after he pulled his handkerchief out I tapped him on his shoulder; I said, what are you a. I took hold of him by the collar; he dropped the handkerchief. Johnson, an officer, saw him as well as me take it out of the prosecutor's pocket. I said to the prisoner, you shall not pick any more pockets here, I shall take you in custody. Johnson saw the prosecutor, and brought him out of the mob. I had hold of the prisoner with my left hand, and picked up the handkerchief with my right.
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. On the 20th of April I was in Piccadilly on duty; a great mob was assembled there, occassioned by the King of France coming into town. I saw a great many of those characters in the crowd, said among those characters was the prisoner. I watched the prisoner, and at last the prisoner went to the prosecutor. I saw him put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take out this handkerchiefs I touched the prosecutor on his shoulder, and told him he had lost his handkerchief. I turned round, and saw Carlisle had got hold of the prisoner. I searched the prisoner; I found two more silk handkerchiefs on him.
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in Piccadilly before they pulled me in to it.



               GUILTY
             aged 34.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
