






590. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, seventeen live tame fowls, price 20 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gladwin
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GLADWIN
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Norwood, near Southall


. On the 22d of March, about six o'clock in the evening. I saw all my poultry safe in the hen-house; next morning they were all gone - I lost seventeen fowls; I saw them the same morning, with the prisoners in custody, and am certain they were mine; they had then just been killed.


                  JAMES 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Perry Vale. On the 22d of March, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, the prisoners passed me, between Merton and Green-bridge, going towards town, with a sack, which appeared heavy - they were looking about. I watched them for an hour and a half, and went and told Hawkins - we stopped them, and asked what they had got? they said it was corn for their horses. Russell had a sack with corn and pease. King had the seventeen dead fowls in his sack - they were quite warm.


                  CALEB 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I work for Mr. Amer Curtis. I went up to the prisoners, and asked them what they had got? Russell had two sacks with pease - King had the seventeen fowls in his sack, and they both said it was corn, and tried to hinder us from looking into them. King was going to defend himself, and said a bargeman had given him the fowls to put into a boat - we secured them. It was about five miles from the prosecutor's.
RUSSELL'S Defence. I know nothing of them.
RUSSELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
