







176. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NIGHTINGALE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Kater
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. about the hour of one in the afternoon of the 9th of January
, with intent to steal, and feloniously stealing therein one box-coat, value 4l. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am servant to Henry Kater. I lived with my master, in Union-place, Marylebone


. On Friday the 9th of January, about two o'clock, Purday called and said something to me, in consequence of which I looked for my master's coat, and missed it from the hall, where it had been hanging. The hall-door was latched, as usual, the last time that I saw it before the coat was taken.


                  RICHARD 
                  PURDAY
               



            . I am toll-collector at the turnpike near Mr. Kater's house; I saw three men near the house, the prisoners, who were two of them, went into the front garden together; Nightingale then came out of the garden into the road, and Allen went into the house, he stopped there about ten minutes; both the gate and door were shut - He opened them, and went in; he had nothing with him when he went in, but when he came out he had the tail of his coat up-the other prisoner was loitering outside. They then both went in to the middle of the road and ran up Nottingham-place; I immediately gave information to the servant. I have seen both the prisoners often up that road, selling wood, with a donkey. They were pursued but not taken at that time. I gave a description of them to the gentleman, as well as to the constable; I went with him in the evening, and saw them both drinking in a public-house, between eight and nine o'clock.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners into custody. I had received a description of them from the last witness.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GEARY
               



            . Purday has spoken correctly.

CAPTAIN
 CATER. It was my driving coat, made in the usual manner, with large capes; the hall where it hung is not far from the door.
ALLEN'S Defence. I know nothing at all of the robbery. I went down Nottingham-place, calling bare-skins all the way; my father is a witness that I never was up that road selling wood in all my life.
NIHGTINGALE'S Defence. I own I went in at the gate, but I did not do any thing; I came out again, and saw Purday - He laughed at me, and I laughed at him.
ALLEN - GUILTY. Aged 14.
NIGHTINGALE - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only, but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
