






429. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EMANUEL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Carl Bern 
                           Schutt
                        




                     
                  , a pocket book, value 4 d. and ten bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , his property.


                  JAMES 
                  HUTTON
               



            . I am an insurance broker. On the 21st of May, a quarter before five in the afternoon, I was at the window of my lodging, 46, Leadenhall-street


, with Mr. White, I observed the prisoners on the opposite side of the street, and from their behaviour I was fully convinced they were there for the purpose of picking pockets; I desired Mr. White to remark them; in a few minutes they crossed towards Billater-lane


, and followed captain
 Schutt; when they came under my window I observed Emanuel take from the captain's pocket a pocket-book, and put it into his breast; I immediately called out, captain, your pocket has been picked; upon which they crossed the street and run down a little alley; Mr. White and I ran down stairs directly, and pursued them; they crossed some narrow streets into St. Mary Axe, through Great St. Helens into Bishopgate-street; I then observed them walk pretty moderately towards Wormwood-street, they conceived they had given us the slip, as they were a good way off. Mr. Steadman and I came up to them at Bishopgate church-yard, Emanuel again ran off; other friends came and Carney was secured. I ran after Emanuel and secured him in Houndsditch. I am sure they are the same men; I have frequently, when I came from the Exchange, remarked them; I knew their persons.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEADMAN
               



            . I am clerk to a ship broker. On the 21st of May, between four and five in the afternoon, I was in Leadenhall-street; Mr. Hutton informed me that he had seen the captain's pocket picked, he pointed out the two men; they turned down a small court, I lost sight of them. I procured information of the route they had taken, and in Bishopgate-street I observed the two prisoners walking along quietly as though nothing had occurred.
Q. Were you sure they were same men when you came up to them - A. I am positive they turned round and saw Mr. Hutton and others pursuing them; they took to running; Emanuel ran down Houndsditch; I pursued Carney calling out stop thief; he was knocked down by a constable; he got up and escaped from the constable; I got up to him and collared him; an officer came up and searched him and found a pocket book on him. I assisted the officer in conveying him to the compter, and on examining his contents of the pocketbook it was found to contain ten one pound notes, a cr party on the ship Ockham, commanded by captain Schutt. I saw captain Schutt that day in Bishopgate-street; he claimed his pocket book in the presence of Carney; Carney said he picked the pocket book up.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a clerk. I was in company with Mr. Hutton, looking over the window; he pointed out the prisoners to me; I kept my eyes upon them for some time. I am positive those are the men.

Q. Which of them took the pocket book - A. Emanuel; I saw him run off; they went through Chimney Sweepers alley; I pursued them, with others.
Q. Did you see captain Schutt - A. Yes, and I was present on the examination on the next day; that pocket book was produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a constable. I have got the pocket book and the dates and number of the ten one-pound notes, as were made by the Lord Mayor's order, by Mr. Hobler, and sworn to in my presence. 
               
                  Carl 
                  Bern Schutt
               



             was the name of the captain; I was present when the captain gave in that name. I saw Carney, he gave me the pocket book out of his pocket.
JOHN HARDY. I am an officer. As I was walking up Bishopgate-street, on the 21st of May, about half past four in the afternoon, I saw a number of people run, I joined in the pursuit; Carney was stopped just by Bishopgate church; Emanuel made down Houndsditch; I pursued Emanuel, I collared him a few doors lower than the Quakers meeting, in Houndsditch. Emanuel said he knew nothing of the other man; sometime after the pocket book was found, the captain came and owned it. I searched Emanuel and found nothing at all on him.
Q. to Mr. Hutton. Is that the pocket book that you saw taken from the captain - A. Yes. When we got to the compter the captain told what was in the book, I examined it and found it was so.
Carney's Defence. I was passing down Bishopgate-street, I picked up a pocket book; whether any body saw me I do not know. As for stealing it from the pocket of a gentleman I did not, and what was in it I cannot tell.
Emanuel's Defence. I know nothing at all of it, I am innocent of the affair. I know nothing of Carney, he cannot say any thing of me. I was walking up Houndsditch, I heard somebody call out stop thief; I ran as well as others; that gentleman came and took hold of me, and let me go, then he came after me and took me.
CARNEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
EMANUEL - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
