





817. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of August
 a bag, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Mindenhall
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  SARAH 
                  MINDENHALL
               



            . I am a widow; I havenothing but what I work hard for at the wash-tub and had a pig about five months. I lost that pig on the 31st of 
               August. It
             was lost from the waste where it was grazing, about Little Stanmore.
Q. Why do you accuse this man of taking the pig - A. I have lost several things out of my garden, and one night in particular I had all my lines cut down. I suspected the prisoner.
Q. What is he - A. A patrol.
Q. Do you know any thing about this pig - A. I bought this pig to fatten; I never saw it after it went out; I sought after it. On the evening of the 31st of August I was against the prisoners back gate of his garden, the prisoner's wife saw me, she shut the door as soon as she saw me. The next morning the house was shut up. I got a search warrant. We found the pig's entrails under ground in the garden. They were scarcely cold, and the hairs of the pig were in the garden, where they poured the water down when they scalded the pig.
Q. By hair, you mean the bristles - A. Yes, and underneath the entrails was a calf skin likewise.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am a farmer. I was there after the search was made. I saw the entiails of the pig dug from a wall at the back part of Wright's house. I also saw the hair of the pig that formed the sediment of a pail of water, by which it had been scalded. I also saw part of a calf skin that was dug out near the same hole that the entrails were, in a putrid state, as though it had been buried some time. I saw the head of the pig, together with some of the rest of the carcase after it had been found in a pond in a different place. The pond was about two fields from Wright's house; it is the nearest pond to Wright's house. The pig was cut to pieces in a bad manner, not in a butcher-like manner. From every appearance it had not been stuck; his skull had been dashed in, or beat in, smashed to pieces. There was to two or three guts, parts of the tongue. There was also in the pond the other part of the tongue; it was torn in two; I should not suppose it was cut; it was in a ragged state; the other part of the tongue was to the head that I saw on the 1st of September. The water in the pail had been emptied. It appeared as if done with caution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a constable of the parish of Little Stanmore. On the 1st of September, 
               
                  William 
                  Prentis
               



             came to me, and said he had a search warrant to search 
               
                  John 
                  Wright
               



            's house. I then went with him to the house. We searched all over the house, and found nothing; then William Prentis went into the garden, he saw a piece of ground that had darely been opened; it was out of that hole the pigs onward were picked up. I told Wright he must go with us. I secured him in the cage until the next morning. The next morning I heard he had broken out of the cage. We thought he would go to Bow-street for his money. We came to Bow-street, and there we found him outside of the office. He was then committed to New Prison.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the headborough of Little Stanmore. I dug in Wright's garden; nobody directed me; my own judgment led me there and nothing else. I am in the habit of mowing ground, I saw the ground had been fresh mowed. The pales are four feet high. The paling was not broken then. The prisoner broke the paling down about half after two o'clock in the morning, when he took the horse out to come to Bow-street. That was after we had left him in the watchhouse. Mr. Stone first saw the park in the pond.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a farmer and innkeeper at Little Stanmore. I found part of the pig in one of my ponds in my field.
Q. Did you observe the head - A. No. I found two legs, a shoulder, and part of a rib, and some odd bits. Another person found the head. It had been killed in a very bad manner. I can only say I lost a call in the beginning of May. We supposed that was the calf skin.
Mr. Adolphus. Was the pork floating or sunk - A. Some floating and some sunk.
DANIEL WHITE. I am a baker, and constable of Isleworth. Mr. Stone first found the pork; he sent for me. I searched the pond, and found the head. The skull was entirely knocked into the brain. It never was stuck. I found every joint except the spare rib. It is cut in a curious way.
JOSEPH DELL. Between nine and ten o'clock on the 1st of September, I was by the cage after the prisoner was put into it. The other patrol was near the cage. The prisoner said, Jack is that you; when you go home tell them to take that out of the house. Jack was on horseback. There were many boys about the cage.
Q. Do you know what that was - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. This is a malicious prosecution. At the time they searched my premises they were coming away they were met by the prosecutrix and her daughter. She accused them of not having done their duty. She said she was sure her property was there. Her daughter pointed to the place where they found the entrails.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKRAY
               



            . I am a patrol on the Edgware-road. On the night of the 1st of September, I was at the cage with Wright's wife. I was on horseback.
Q. Did he give you any direction about his house - A. No, not a word. His wife stood at the gate when I went past. I saw no boys there.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
