





812. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     COLLIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of March
, copper, value 2 l. and six pounds weight of iron, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Gilbert 
                           Cushion
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of his
            .


                  GILBERT 
                  CUSHION
               



            . I am a farmer
; I live at Pinner


.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. He is a gardener
.
Q. Did you lose a copper at any time - A. Yes, on the 30th of March, in the evening, or early the next morning; the staple of the door was broken, and the copper was taken; the copper was affixed; all I know I lost the copper.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a carter. The prisoner came to my fellow servant, and asked us to take a parcel up at the bottom of Harrow-hill; we had a hay cart coming to town; he asked if it was heavy; he said no it was only a parcel of sieves that he had bought at a sale. When it came day light we perceived that it was a copper; the prisoner walked with me several miles; I am sure as to his person.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was coming to town with a hay cart along with Mason, about two miles from Mr. Cushion's; the prisoner said, carter, will you take up a parcel; he said he would give me a shilling. At day light; I saw it was a copper; I delivered it from the top of my cart at the top of Seymour-street, to a carriers cart, which came from the wharf. I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of June, just as I got to Walham-green, Smithers, a parish constable, called me. I went with him to Golden-lane, Barbican, and when we came to a public-house Smithers said here is the man in the house. I then said to the prisoner where do you live; he said fifteen miles down in Kent. I said I am sure you do not, what made you here; he said let me have a drop of porter, and send to my wife. I took the prisoner in custody. On the Monday after the prisoner had his hearing I went down to Pinner to find the prosecutor, and the lads, the witnesses; I slept at the King's Head, kept by Ball; I asked Mrs. Ball if ever she remembered Collie coming there; yes, she said, very well; he was in the house the evening that Mr. Cushion's copper was taken away. The copper has not been found.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner first from the dress he had on; his whiskers were large at the time, as described in the hand bill; he made his escape from the magistrates; he was left in the care of a constable in the yard; I went to his house, and there I found a red waistcoat, the same as was described in the hand bill.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person that took Mr. Cushion's copper; as for making my escape I did not; I walked about in the magistrates yard half an hour, I then went away having a wife and four small children to support.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
