






812. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, one picture-frame, value 5s.; one lan-thorn, value 2l., and one was hand stand, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MATHIAS 
                  RALPH
               



            . I am watchman of Frances-street, Tottenham-court-road. Thomas Lewis lives in Upper Montague-street, North, Russell-square


. On the 18th of April, I was calling five o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner lurking about Frances-street; I suspected him. I called the hour twice round Thorhnaugh-street, returned to Frances-street, and missed him; I went in search of him, and found him coming out of Frances-place, with the property on his back. I said, "Is this the way you conceal things until the watchmen are gone off duty?" he said he was going to take them to a broker to have them repaired. The wash-hand stand being broken, I thought it might be as he said, and told him I would go with him to the shop. He staid at the door while I rang the bell twice; as I rang it a third time he ran away. I pursued, and took him, with assistance, in Montague-market. I never lost sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a watchman. I was standing at the top of Gower-street, and saw Ralph and the prisoner with the broken stand. The prisoner ran away, I ran after him, he was stopped in Montague-market. I am sure he is the same man.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMS
               



            . I am a carpenter. I had the care of the prosecutor's house, and saw the things safe the day before-it is not a finished house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man go into the building, with a bag; when he came out I went in and took the things, being distressed.
GUILTY. Aged 38.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
