





505. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, two  fixtures (to wit) two coppers, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, and fixed to a certain building of his, the prisoner having no title, or claim of title, to them
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  AUGUSTINE
               



             FINIGAN. I am master of the Irish free-school, George-street, St. Giles's, the buildings belong to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark
               



            , Esq. On the 15th of November, I left it safe, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and took the key with me; the coppers were fixed to the building, nobody sleeps there. I returned on the 17th of November, and missed them, at nine o'clock in the morning; I told Mr. Clark they were moved from the bricks and mortar. I saw them again in the possession of Furzeman, three days after.



                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            , ESQ. I am a magistrate of Middlesex, and treasurer of the Irish free school-the premises are mine.
JOHN FRENCH. I am a watchman of Crown-street, which is about a quarter of a mile from George-street. On the 17th of November, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I saw a man come out of Lloyd's-court, into Crown-street, with something on his head, covered with matting, and corded. Kelly, who was with me, asked him what he had there? he said, they were coppers, and went on. I stopped him, and asked where he was going with them; he said, to Mr. Pontifex, in Shoe-lane, who was his master; he had one large, and one small copper. I told him that was not the way, and he must go to the watch-house; as we were taking him there, he threw them on me, in Bowlyard, knocked me down, and made his escape; I took him about ten days after; I believe the prisoner to be the man.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I will not swear to him.
WILLIAM KELLY. I am a watchman. I was with French, the prisoner is the man; I knew him before; he said, he got them from Oxford-street - he threw the coppers at French, and ran off - I pursued, but lost him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, on the 4th of February, in consequence of the information which Kelly gave me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
