






685. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HYLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MADDEN
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of June
, two wooden boxes, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Norris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a journeyman whitesmith
. I lost these two boxes from No. 2, Peerless-row, City-road


. They were two wooden boxes, covered with paper like bandboxes; the contents I could not tell the magistrate. They belonged to a lodger of mine that was sixty miles in the country, that left them in my house. They were taken out of a closet in a one pair of stairs front room.
MRS. BURTON. As I was sitting up in bed in the morning. I saw a box throwed out of the window a few minutes before five in the morning.
Q. Who threw it out - A. A man that was in the room; it appeared to be like the man with the white hair. I cannot say he is the man. His name is Madden.
Q. What kind of a box was it - A. A caravan trunk, covered over on the top with paper. I saw but one.
Q. Was there any body to receive it - A. Somebody caught it. I did not see that. I got out of bed and looked out of the window; the man jumped out the window immediately.
Q. How high was this window - 
               A. 
            One pair of stairs. I saw the person; he appeared to be like Madden; he was a fair man.
Q. Upon your oath, what do you believe - A. I believe he is not the man. I think the man appeared rather shorter.
Q. How could you tell me just now that he was like him, having light hair; now, you say you believe he is not the man - A. I beg pardon, sir.
Q. Do not beg pardon of me, beg pardon of God Almighty, whom you have sworn to - A. I do not wish to swear, because I am in a doubt whether he is the man.
Q. Now, you are playing lust and loose. He was very much like him - A. Yes. The man that jumped out of the window was rather shorter. There were three of them, I believe.
Q. Where was the third man standing - A. I only saw two men.
Q. Who were you examined before - A. Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Parsons
               



            .
Q. What kind of a man was the man that walked along, and took no notice of it - A. A tallish man. I did not see his face; he had his back towards me.

Q. Did you see the face of the man that jumped out of the window - A. Yes; Madden's face has some resemblable. I think the man is not so tall.
Q. You said before the magistrate,
"on Monday morning, half an hour after five o'clock, as I was sitting in my bed, I saw a box throwed out of the window; I got up, and saw a man in the prosecutor's room; when he saw me he jumped out. The prisoner, I believe, is the man that jumped out; he has every appearance of it. There was another man in the street; he took no notice, and walked on." Now what do you say - A. I leave it to your judgment.
COURT. My judgment is that you want to prevaricate - A. I do not know what to say.


                  JOHN 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am an excise officer. I was sitting at my room window in the City-road, about half past four in the morning of the 6th of June. I saw the prisoners, in company of another man, pass on the opposite side of the way; they stooped at the corner of Peerless-row; they stood there apparently in conversation. They walked down Peerless-row; they were out of my sight; my window would not command a view of them. I waited a few minutes; the prisoners then came up again; the third man was with them; they stood at the end of Peerless-row, all three of them, the two prisoners and another man. After some conversation, they walked up and down the City-road, and then went down Peerless-row again. They returned the third time, all three of them. The man who is not here had an apron on when I first saw him; when I last saw him he had no apron or hat on. They ran down the row again. I arose upon my feet, ran down stairs, and crossed the road to look down the row. I saw the prisoners with something on a truck, that was covered over with the apron apparently. I had left my door open; I ran back and shut it, with intent to take the prisoners. I ran down the row; I could not find them, nor any watchman.
Q. What day was this - A. Monday morning, the 6th. On Wednesday morning, I was going along Mitchell-street, at the back of St. Luke's; I met the two prisoners, in company with the other man, coming down Brick-lane; I leaned down, pretending to button my knee, by that I had a full view of their faces. The man that escaped asked me if I should know them again. I told the watchman I had reason to believe these men were housebreakers. We followed the two prisoners, and took them; the other man escaped. I have no doubt of the identity of the prisoners, nor I never had a doubt.
Hyland's Defence. On Monday morning I was in bed till seven o'clock.
Madden's Defence. The same.
HYLAND, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
MADDEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
