





1459. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SUMMERSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George Richard 
                           Robinson
                        



                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 19th of October
, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, one watch, value 30s.; one key, value 3s.; one seal, value 1s., and one key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Riley
                        



.


                  RICHARD 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am coachman
 to 
               
                  George 
                  Richard
               



             Robinson, Esq.
 I sleep and live in the lodge, which is about twenty yards from my master's house, but within his premises; my wife is also employed in the family - They are my master's premises.
COURT. Q. Have you less wages on account of living in the house - A. Yes. On the 19th of October I left the lodge about ten o'clock, I fastened every thing up. I returned about twelve, and found the window broken open. There were footmarks of somebody in the house. I missed my watch, which was safe when I went out. The prisoner worked on the premises, and knew the house very well. I gave the alarm - He entered the premises. I thought he changed colour, when I said somebody must have been in who knew the premises. I compared his shoes, and thought they fitted the marks on the table-the marks of the nails corresponded with the shoes, which made me suspect him-they tallied exactly; he was then taken into custody, and said the watch was in a shed on his premises.


                  GEORGE 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live near the prosecutor. The prisoner was in my service. In consequence of what he said, I went and found the watch in a shed adjoining his house, where he said it was.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I deny having it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering, nor in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Garrow.
