





809. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     M'KENZIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a watch, value 3 l. two waistcoats, value 4 s. a pair of trowsers, value 2 s. a pocket-book, value 6 d. a bank note, value 10 l. four 1 l. bank notes, and a two 2 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Falkland
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  FALKLAND
               



            . I am a seaman
. I lost these things on board a ship; I came on shore, and left my chest on board; I was pressed, and taken on board the Tender, and in the mean time my chest was broken open, and my clothes and sixteen pounds were taken out; the notes were in my pocket-book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a seaman. When I went out of the London Docks I left the prisoner on board the ship; in two hours afterwards I saw that he had plenty of money; he had not a copper for three or four weeks before; he had the waistcoat, and trowsers on, and Falkland's watch in his pocket.
- JACKSON. I am an officer. On Sunday evening, the 4th of June, the prisoner was given into my custody by Burton, and another seaman; I searched his bundle; I found this waistcoat on him, and this waistcoat was in the bundle; the watch and the trowsers were handed over to me by another seaman, who is not present; the pocket-book was in the bundle, and the trowsers. I found out where he paid away three pound out of the notes.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Jackson has got some clothes of mine.
Jackson. They are all new, and were bought with the prosecutor's money.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
