





1073. 
               
                  JOHN FLACK 
                  ANDERSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, one gown, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Grover
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GROVER
               



            . I live in Nassau-place, Commercial-road


, and am a hatter
. On the 1st of June, about three o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed, got up, and found the prisoner in the hands of the watchman. My parlour-window, which was safe when I went to bed, was forced open, the bolt of the shutter was moved, and the sash down. The watchman produced my wife's gown.


                  MARK 
                  COHEN
               



            . I am a stationer, and live next door to Grover. About half-past three o'clock I was alarmed, opened my window, saw the prisoner open the prosecutor's door, and come out; another man ran away. The constable of the night found the gown in the prisoner's hat. The other man has been tried here to-day. Two knives were found on the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  RACKSHAW
               



            . I live in Cohen's house. I heard somebody breaking the prosecutor's door open, and saw the prisoner in the house. They entered at the back of the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LYON
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to the house - the prisoner opened the door, I seized him; he had no shoes on. While I was struggling with him the other man ran out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am superintendant of the watch. The prisoner was given into my charge. He resisted being searched. I found the gown in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
