










254. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December

, one water-bottle, value 9 d.; six wineglasses, value 3 s.; four custard-cups, value 2 s.; one decanter, value 1 s.; nine egg-cups, value 4 s. 6 d.; three liquor-bottles,value 8 s.; one soap-glass, value 6 d., and twelve dishes, value 16 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Isaacs
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     ELLIOT
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MASSEY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     LETTIS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BRADLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving different parts and parcels of the said goods, they well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  SOLOMON 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am a glass-dealer
, and live in Clipstone-street, Marylebone



. The prisoner, Jacobs, was my servant
, and lived eighteen months with me. I have missed a quantity of glass within the last twelvemonths. On the 3d of December, a man named Jenkins, gave me information; in consequence of which I and Martin went to the prisoner, Lettis's, and found three liquor-bottles, and three wine-glasses. I then went to Elliott's, and found six egg-cups, a decanter, and a soup-dish; I found three eggcups at Massey's, and a custard-cup at Bradley's. I then went to Williams's, and found a water-bottle, and three wine-glasses. I went home, and in the evening Jacobs was requested to take my child out as usual - she said she was going up stairs to fetch her bonnet; while she was up stairs, Martin went out; Jacobs then came down, and went out without her bonnet; we followed her into Bradley's shop; she put the child on the counter, took three custard-cups from some part of her person, and put them on the counter. Martin went into the shop, she fell on her knees, and begged for mercy, saying it was her first offence. I got an officer, and took him to the shop, where the property was found - they were ordered to appear on the thursday, and were committed.
Cross-examined by MR ADOLPHUS. Q. How many ladies lodge in the house, besides your own family - A. None. I never let lodgings to ladies. I was never in custody in my life.
Q. Were you ever in this Court before - A. Never, except to hear a trial - I am sure of it.
Q. Have you never stood at that bar - A. No, I was never tried. I was charged with housebreaking, but was not tried.
Q, Were you ever in custody - A. I believe I was one night in a watch-house.
Q. Were you not taken into custody for housebreaking - A. No, it was a woman, who was an acquaintance of a person in the country - I do not know her name.
Q. On your oath was you not tried here before, with 
               
                  Julia 
                  George
               



            , for I have the record in Court - A. I was not. I do not know her. A woman was taken up with me; we went before the Justice at Edmonton - it was twelve or fourteen years ago; I was brought up here the same day to the bar, and acquitted, no trial took place - it was all the same day.
Q. How many days were you in Newgate before you were brought to trial - A. I do not know whether it was three days or ten.
Q. Were you ever convicted of keeping a house of ill fame - A. Yes, about twelve years ago - I was imprisoned three months for it.
Q. Then how dare you say you was never in custody on any charge - A. Being a tradesman I thought it not fit to mention here.
COURT. Q. How long is it since you was tried here - A. Twelve or fourteen years.
Q. You was charged with burglary - A. I suppose so; I was taken to the watch-house - and then to Clerkenwell prison.
Q. Where were you imprisoned for keeping a disorderly house - A. In Tothill-fields.
Q. You swore you was never in custody in your life - A. I did say so - I found property at other houses.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you not told your creditors, that you cannot settle with them until you have settled with these persons - A. No.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You found the things publicly exposed in Elliot's shop - A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  PURFORD
               



            . I am constable of Marylebone. On the 3d of December I accompanied the prosecutor to Bradley's, who keeps a rag and phial shop in Buckingham-place. I found Jacobs in the shop, and three custard-cups laying on the counter; I asked Bradley if she had bought anything of the girl before? she said she had bought one custard-cup before, for twopence halfpenny. Isaacs then took me to Williams's, in Cirencester-place, Titchfield-street; I found three wine-glasses, and a bottle there; we found three liquor-bottles at Lettis's, in Fitzroy-market. From thence we went to Elliott's, who keeps a chandlers' shop, and found six egg-cups, a decanter, and a soap-dish in the window - the other three prisoners keep rag and phial shops.


                  MOSES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a paper-hanger. On the 3d of December Isaacs called on me, and I went with him to Elliott's; I told him I wanted a quantity of plain glass to cut; he said he wished I had been there before, for he could have saved me from 20, to 30 per cent. in buying glass elsewhere instead of him. I asked him for some laperne-dishes; he said he had some, but he got them out of the house immemediately, for he sold them to some Jews; he told me who the Jews were, and I went to them, and found eleven laperne-dishes. I went with Isaacs to the other prisoners' houses, and found part of the property - I returned to his house. In the evening Jacobs was sent out with the child; I saw her come out without her bonnet and followed her to Bradley's shop; I saw her take a handkerchief out of her pocket - Bradley opened it, and there was custard-cups in it. I went into the shop, and took her.


                  ELIZA 
                  LEVY
               



            . I live in Tyler-street, Golden-square, and keep a wholesale glass shop - I know Elliott has lived in a respectable way for a number of years - he keeps a small glass and earthenware shop. I bought eleven lapern-saucers of him; he said he bought them at a sale.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I keep a bottle-shop, in George-street, Portland-place; the prisoner Jacobs came, and offered to sell me some glass; I asked her who they belonged to? she said they were her mother's; she took them out of her pockets - I did not like to buy them, and said they would not suit me. She went away, and came again in about a month with some more - she had a child in her arms each time. I found out where she lived, and informed the prosecutor.
JACOBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ELLIOTT, MASSEY, LETTIS, WILLIAMS, And BRADLEY,



               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
