





739. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DALE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 24th of November
, feloniously without lawful excuse, had in his custody and possession, two forged 2 l. bank notes, he knowing them to be forged
            .
SECOND COUNT, for having in his custody and possession, another forged bank note, he knowing that to be forged.


                  THOMAS 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . Q. You keep a jeweller's shop in Cannon-street, Ratcliffe-highway


 - A. I did at the time of this transaction. On the evening of the 24th of November, the prisoner came to my shop with a lady, and asked to look at some ear-rings; I produced them. They looked at several pair; at last the lady chosed a pair of cornelian ear-rings; the gentleman said, take them if you like them, if they are a shilling dearer then you can get them elsewhere. He took out of his pocket-book a bit of paper; he paid me: it appeared to be a two-pound note; I asked him for his name, and address; he said, he would write his name on himself; he took the pen, and wrote the name that now stands on it. That is the note; he wrote on it. 
               
                  William 
                  Hudson
               



            , No. 11, Great Tower-street; that was written by the prisoner in my presence; under which I made a memorandum, 24th of November, 1812; that is my hand writing.
Q. Have you any doubt of the person of the prisoner - A. No doubt whatever. I had a suspicion of the note when I took it; I looked particularly at him; I went to Tower-street, no person answering the description of the prisoner resided there.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Capper, No. 11, Tower-street. I have lived with him eight years; there has no person resided there of the name of Hudson during the time I have resided there, nor the prisoner by any name.


                  JOHN 
                  GOLD DUTHEY
               



            . I am a grocer and teadealer, in Cable-street, Goodman's-fields. I know the prisoner's person. On the 24th of November, 1812, he came to my house, he asked for coffee, and a loaf of sugar; he gave me an order for a few shillings; he offered me a two-pound note apparently. Upon my taking it I asked his name, and address; he gave me the name of Williams, which I wrote on the note; the address, New-road, 17: I wrote it at the time in his presence. I have no doubt he is the same person that gave me the note. I had seen him before.
Q. Did you make any enquiry at No. 17, New-road - A. Yes, a clerk in the Bank went with me all thereabout; we found no person of that name.


                  JOHN 
                  SEWARD
               



            . I keep the house No. 17, New-road, St. George's in the East; I commenced business there in September last.
Q. Has there been any person of the name of Williams lodging at your house - A. I have never had a lodger in the house since I have been there. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  GLOVER
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; I have known him between five and six years.
Q. What name has he gone by - A. The name of Dale.
Q. In May last, did you receive from the officers, Foy, and Johnson, any note for the purpose of going to the prisoner's house - A. I received two one-pound notes of Foy; I was searched; I had no other money about me; after receiving the notes of Foy, I went to the prisoner's house, Gloucester-place, Vauxhall-walk; Dale's first question was to me, is there any thing the matter with Walker; I answered no. I asked him if he had any more notes, we wanted some; those that we had were so pale we could not offer them; he said he believed he had none except five's; he would look, and if I would return the others he would alter them for me. He asked me if I could send my son with them, and he would alter them for me against the evening; he shewed me a two-pound note; he asked me if I thought it would do; I said, yes, it would do, and took it. I understood that he had done them with Camel's hair pencils, and Indian ink. He delivered me the two-pound note; I brought it away. I told him I was going to the Royal Oak; my husband was there; I asked him if he would go there with me; he said as he was in his dishabille, he would rather not. I went to the Royal Oak; Foy took the note from me. I had no other in my possession.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer. I employed the last witness to go to the house of the prisoner; I searched her before she went, she had only the two one-pound notes that I gave her. Upon her return I searched her again, and found a two-pound note; I delivered it to Mr. Glover, who marked it in my presence.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a City officer. I was in company with Foy. When Mrs. Glover was sent to Dale's house I watched her from the Royal Oak to Dale's house; I saw her come out; I directly went in the house, and apprehended Dale. Foy searched the house; I took Dale off to town.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am one of the inspector of the Bank.
Q. Do you remember being present when Foy found upon the woman a two-pound bank note - A. I do; I marked it. This is the note. It is a forged note, it appears to have been touched over to make it stronger.
Q. Look at these notes, are they genuine notes of the Bank of England, or are they forgeries - A. They are forgeries.
Q. Look at them two notes, and the one I gave you first; do they appear to be of the same plate - A. They appear to me to be impressions taken from the same plate; they are all forgeries; the signatures appear to be the same hand writing, though all three different names.
(The note read)
Prisoner's Defence. So far as relates to the two first charges I am ignorant of it. I was out of town at the time. On the 24th of November, I was at the Bush tavern, Bristol; from thence I came to Bath, where I remained until the ensuing day, the 27th; from thence I came to London. I was in company with a gentleman, who I have subpoenaed, merely to prove that I was at the Bush tavern. Mrs. Walker is a wicked abandoned woman; as to the note she says she had of me she might as well say ten. If her evidence it taken in any shape I, as well as all the world, might be hanged.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a butcher, and cattle dealer in November, 1812, I lived at No. 3, Britain-street Marybone-buildings, Portsmouth, about three quarters of a mile from the Point; I now live at the Magdalen coffee-house, Blackfriars-road; that is my residence now when I am at home; I have left Portsmouth.
Q. Where you in Bristol in November last - A. Yes. I frequently go round to Bristol buying cattle.
Q. When did you arrive at Bristol - A. I cannot say to a day exactly when I arrived; I left the Bush tavern Bristol on the 24th of November, 1812; I had been four or five days about Bristol, and left on the 24th of that month; I got on the coach that runs from Bristol to Bath; I got acquainted with a person of the name of Dale on the coach. The prisoner is the same gentleman that was on the stage coach with me from Bristol to Bath; I am positive sure of that; he told me what business he was, that he lived at No. 5, Union-street, Lambeth-road. I called on him there, and staid with him two or three hours.
Q. How long have you been in town now - A. Eight or nine weeks, I cannot remember the day of the month I came to town.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOVERLEY WESTWOOD
               



            . Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner, Dale, on the subject of the witnesses at Chester - A. I had; he sent for me for the purpose of making the communication to me about a week before last sessions; he then stated to me that he had been employed in keeping the accounts of two persons, who were then resident at Chester, at the time he was charged with uttering the forged bank notes, and that by sending for these witnesses he could prove an alibi; he asked me whether he ought to send for them; I told him he knew best whether they could prove what he stated, and if they could, he should lose no time in sending for them.

Q. Did he in the course of that conversation say one word about Bristol - A. Not a word. He told me he could bring two witnesses from Chester, and upon this he put off his trial; no opposition was made.
COURT. Q. to Mr. Austin. Have you any doubt the prisoner being the person that came to you on the 24th of November - A. I have no doubt but the prisoner is the person that came to me.
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Duthey
               



            . Have you any doubt about the prisoner being the person who came to your shop - A. None in the least.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
