





756. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing forty-nine pounds weight of lead, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Northam
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same as the first, only stating the lead to be affixed to a certain building of the said Charles Northam.


                  CHARLES 
                  NORTHAM
               



            . I live at No. 6, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane


. There was some lead stripped from my washhouse on the morning of the 6th of this month. This lead formed part of the gutter, My attention was drawn to it by the watchman calling to know if we had lost any lead. I saw the lead applied to the gutter, and it fitted exactly; there is no easy communication to my back premises. There is a court comes up close to the wall and they might have got over that.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRAIN
               



            . I am a watchman in Southampton-buildings. On the morning in Question, I was coming along without my light, and saw the prisoner come out of Southampton-court; that is the court, which communicates to Mr. Northam's premises. I saw something under his arm which appeared like lead, and which, on seeing me, he put down and run away. I pursued after him; as soon as he got to Chancery-lane, I took him, but I brought him back to the spot where he laid down the lead. I took him into custody, and took him to the watchhouse. I found five pieces of lead in all; one on the wall, three in the court, and a large piece in the buildings.
Lead produced and sworn to by Mr. Northam.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
