





149. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HEARNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wheeler
                     



                  , about the hour of three in the night of the 28th of December
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, twenty-five goblets, value 25s.; two salt-holders, value 3s.; two tumblers, value 2s.; twenty-eight glasses, value 20s.; six mustard-pots, value 9s.; five cruets, value 5s.; one pepper-box, value 1s.; two teapots, value 5s.; seven cups, value 6s.; five jugs, value 5s.; one cream-jug, value 10d.; twenty-three tea-cups and thirteen saucers, value 17s., and one sugar-pot, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Baker
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  PEARCEY
               



            . I am a watchman at Brentford. On the night of the 29th of December last, about ten minutes past three o'clock, I met the prisoner and another man; I was about one hundred yards from the Castle Tavern; he had a sack with him. I asked the prisoner where he was going with it, he said, to Ealing. East looked into the sack, and said, he had got glass in it. I took him into custody.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a dealer in glass, and keep the Castle Inn, at Brentford
. I was informed of the robbery; I had left my things safe the day before. I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment. I have the saucers which match the cups that were found on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Jury. How can you swear to them - A. The cups are a pattern which were only made for trial, and I bought them all; I have the saucers that match them.
WILLIAM EAST. I am a watchman; I took the things which have been produced from the prisoner, and gave them to Carver.


                  GEORGE 
                  CARVER
               



            . I am the beadle of Ealing; the last witness gave me the articles that I have produced.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my barge, and I met a man who gave me the things to carry to Ealing.
WILLIAM EAST. He was going towards Ealing; he said it was his own property.


                  ROBERT 
                  PEARCEY
               



            . When I stopped the prisoner, he said, the things were his own.
GUILTY. Aged 50.
Of 


               Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
