





304. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Pegram
                     




                  , widow, about the hour of nine in the night of the 9th of February
, and stealing therein, two pictures framed and glazed, value 4 s. one iron boiler, value 4 s. two iron hinges, value 1 d. and two iron bolts, value 1 d.
             her property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PEGRAM
               



            . I live at No. 18, Well-street, Mile-end-new-town, in the parish of St. Dunstan's, Stepney


; I am a widow. I let the upper part of the house. I sleep across the way, at my daughter's; I have slept there all the cold weather. I have the lower room for the purpose of a shop; I have lodgers in the house, in the one pair and the two pair. I have let the room where I used to sleep; I have put up a bureau-bedstead in the shop, and mean to sleep in the shop when the weather is warm. I intended to sleep there again on the day of the robbery, but there was no bed there. On the 9th of February, I quitted my house about seven o'clock; I locked my door when I went out. I returned about ten o'clock; I found my door broken open. When I came to look and examine my room, I found two pictures framed and glazed gone, one was a painting the Prince of Wales, the other the Circumcision of Christ; I also missed an iron cast boiler with a brass cock, a few loose bolts and hinges, that were hanging upon the boiler.
Q. Can you say these things were safe when you went out of your room - A. I can. I know the prisoner by sight, but no more.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LOCKWOOD
               



            . I am ten years old; I live with my mother, two doors from Mrs. Pegram's house.
Q. Do you know what you are come here for - A. Yes, I do; to take an oath; I know it is a wicked thing to take an oath and say that which is not true. On the night this house was broken open, I remember seeing the prisoner with the cast iron boiler; he passed me as if he came from Mrs. Pegram's house. The cock of the boiler was a bright cock. I saw him between eight and nine o'clock; I met him; he passed me; he was coming from Mrs. Pegram's house. That is all I know. I am sure I saw him; I have known him a great while.


                  MARY 
                  BUCKMASTER
               



            . I live at Mrs. Pegram's, in the two pair. I remember Mrs. Pegram going out on the 9th of February, a little after seven. It was dark then. I saw nor heard anything. I came down stairs between eight and nine o'clock; I saw her door wide open, and a bag of wool laying near the door, half in and half out, and a rushlight; the rush light appeared as if it had been lit. The lock of the door laid down by the side door. The dooropens into a passage. I gave the alarm to the other lodger in the house; her name is 
               
                  Ann 
                  Perry
               



            . Mrs. Pegram came home a little after ten o'clock.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEKOE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have known the prisoner seven or eight months past. On the 9th of February, he pledged this picture with me in the evening, I think after dusk, I am not certain. He pledged the picture in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wright
               



            . I lent him a shilling upon it. I have had it ever since. I am sure it is the same picture I had of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent of pledging anything of the kind.
JOSHUA ARMSTRONG. I am an officer. In consequence of information, on the night of the 8th of March I went in company with 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Gleed
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Armstrong
               



            , two other officers, to the Nag's Head, Whitechapel-road; I there found the prisoner in the tap-room. I told him I wanted to speak to him. I asked him what his name was; he told me his name was Gray. I then told him I apprehended him on a charge of breaking open Mrs. Pegram's house, and stealing pictures, a boiler, and other things. He said he knew nothing about it. I then asked him whether he had not pledged a picture in that neighbourhood. We were then in Brick-lane, close to the pawnbroker's house. He said he never pledged any picture at all. We took him to the office.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . Q. You have heard what Armstrong has said; has he given a true account - A. He has.
Q. to Prosecutrix. You never found the boiler again, did you - A. No, nor the bolts or hinges, nor the other picture. This picture I know to be my own. It was in my room when I went out on the 9th of February it was hanging up. I had a bag of wool in my room also.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
