






140. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  FINCH
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
, twenty-three yards of velveteen, value 3 l. 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wiggins
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEST
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  James 
                  Wiggins
               



            , woollen-draper
, High Holborn


 On the 1st of January, in the morning, I saw the prisoner Johnson walk past the door several times, he looked in the shop; I asked him if he wanted any thing particular; he did not make any answer, but crossed the way. I did not see any more of him until half past two in the afternoon. The velveteen was placed partly inside of the shop, and partly outside of the shop. The officer brought Johnson and the velveteen back to the shop.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On the 1st of January, I was going up Holborn, I saw the two prisoners in company with one another; the prisoner Finch was standing at a door before you come to Mr. Wiggins's shop; Johnson was walking backwards and forwards before the door; I passed them, and went as far as Kingsgate-street. The prisoner Johnson ran after me, he came right in the front of me, and stared me in the face; I recollected I had seen him before; I thought it strange of his turning round and looking me in the face. He immediately went and made water. I immediately crossed the road and went on the other side of the way; Johnson returned back to his companion. I went to a potatoe shop as if to conceal myself for a few minutes; I then saw Johnson and the other prisoner walking backwards and forwards by the door of the prosecutor: a coach passed; I then saw Johnson with this piece of velveteen under his arm; I kept on the same side of the way. Johnson came over to me; I catched hold of him with the velveteen under his arm. The prisoner Finch was crossing over to where I was, but seeing I had got hold of Johnson he made his escape.
Best. This velveteen is my master's property, James Wiggins.
Johnson said nothing in his defence.
Finch's Defence. I know nothing at all of the transaction.
JOHNSON, GUILTY, aged 15,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FINCH, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
