





431. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     WALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, one bed-tick, value 8 s.; one bolster, value 6 s.; one pillow, value 3 s.; one looking-glass, value 3 s.; one carpet, value 5 s.; two window curtains, value 2 s.; three blankets, value 20 s.; two sheets, value 5 s.; one pillow-case, value 6 d., and one counterpane, value 4 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Joye
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY 
                  JOYE
               



            . I live in Baldwin-street, St. Luke's


. On the 6th of December I let the prisoner my two-pair front room, furnished, at 6 s. a week. She said her husband was out of the way for debt, and she had 50 l. a year from the East India House. On the 16th of January, I found she had robbed her lodgings - she said she had been out a little way to pledge her bed-tick; that her 50 l. would be due next day, and she would pay me all - I had lent her 9 s. She went out again; I thought she was gone for good. I saw some feathers on my oil-cloth. I went up stairs, and found a candle on the landing-place, stuck in a bottle. I went out, and met her - I said I was ruined. She brought me back - I sent for an officer, who took her. I went up to the room, missed the bed, and every thing except the mattress and bedstead; she had taken the articles stated in the indictment. She said she had sold the feathers to Myers. I am a widow, with two children. She came to me by the name of Parsons - her real name is Wall.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street. I have a blanket, bed-tick, bolster, pillow, head-cloth, curtains, and a looking-glass. The prisoner pledged the bed-tick with me; I bought the duplicates of the rest of her, as I had known her several years.


                  RACHAEL 
                  MYERS
               



            . I keep an old clothes-shop in Bath-street, City-road. I bought two sheets, a blanket, counterpane, pillow-case, and two window-curtains of the prisoner at different times. I bought no feathers of her, I never saw them. She brought some in a bag - I said they were not in my way.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge. The duplicate of the bed-tick was in her room - it had been pledged that evening.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
