






390. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
, 31 lbs. of beef, value 16 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mitson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MITSON
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live at Aldgate


. I had 61 1/4 lbs. of beef hanging at my door - part of it was stolen while I was serving a customer. I found the prisoners at the watch-house about ten minutes after, with it.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am constable of Aldgate. I was on Tower-hill, about six o'clock, and saw a scuffle there; I found the prisoner, Wilson, in custody of an officer, making a great resistance - the mob wanted to rescue him; Skinner was in custody of another officer. When Wilson saw me, he said he knew me, and would go quietly with me - Skinner had the beef tied up in his great coat; Wilson said he was going to take it to his father - I locked them up; the prosecutor claimed it. While they were in the watch-house they changed jackets - Wilson claimed that the beef was tied in, and said that a gentleman gave him a few halfpence to carry it.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I an officer. On the 30th of January I and Cadby were on Tower-hill, and saw Skinner with something on his shoulder; I suspected them as they seemed in a hurry. I heard Skinner say to Wilson,
"Come along, Jack." I said what have you got there? he said,
"A bit of meat which my father has bought," and he was going to Catherine-wheel-alley with it. I laid hold of him; Skinner said,
"Take it, and let me go - say no more about it - you are welcome to it;" I secured him; Cadby took Wilson - they tried to rescue him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I took Wilson - a struggle ensued - Shaw came up, and he then went quietly.
SKINNER'S Defence. A man asked me to carry it.
SKINNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
