





325. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of November
, a 10 l. bank note, a 20 l. promissory note, two promissory notes of 10 l. each, and fourteen 5 l. promissory notes
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Lansley
               




             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lansley
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANSLEY
               



            . I live at Pied-mills, near Andover. On the 21st of November last, I had occasion to make a remittance to Mr. Wheatley on account of myself and my brother Edward. On the 21st of November, I made up my letter; I kept the particulars of the notes that were in the letter. Mr. Wheatley made payments for us in Town; it was not an order from him or expected by him; it contained the bank notes already stated in the former case. I sealed the letter, and directed it to Mr. Wheatley, No. 7, Gough-square London; I delivered it to my brother, and told him to deliver it our servant. I dated the letter the 21st of November. I have no other partner.


                  EDWARD 
                  LANSLEY
               



            . On the 21st of November, I received a letter of my brother to send to Mr. Wheatley; I delivered it to 
               
                  Michael 
                  Dickman
               



            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DICKMAN
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Lansley's; I was so in November last. I received a letter of Mr. Edward Lansley on a Sunday; it was directed; I cannot read. I gave it to Mrs. Mercers at the Post office, Andover; I gave it her on the same Sunday I received it; she is the mistress of the Post office.
MRS. MERCER. I keep the Post office at Andover. I remember on the 21st of November last, receiving a letter of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Dickman
               



            ; I took two shillings and eight-pence of him, I put it in the London bag. I sealed the bag, and gave it to the guard myself.
CHARLES ALLEN. I am a sorter in the Inland office, in the Post office. The Andover bag came to the Post office in the regular course, tied and sealed as usual, on Monday, the 22nd of November. If it had been otherwise than tied and sealed I should have recollected it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I am a letter carrier in the General Post office. On the 22nd of November, it was my duty to carry the letters from the Inland office to the letter carriers office; I put them into their proper walks.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHICKETT
               



            . I am an inspector, of letter carriers in the General Post office. The letters are sorted into twelve divisions; the separation takes place in the Inland office. Letters which belongs to the sixth division after they are sorted in the Inland office they are carried into the letter carriers office. The letters of No. 6 are re-sorted into nine walks, or divisions; each carriers duty to sort the letters. The prisoner is not a sorter, but he occasionally would sort. The arrangement of each letter is made by two letter carriers. A letter carrier may take out a letter that does not belong to his walk by mistake. There is an order by the Post-master to endorse the names on notes of the person from whom they receive the note, and to put their own name upon the note when they pay it, and this is signed by the prisoner; a bill not so endorsed would not be received by the receiver general of the Post office. There are nine walks in No. 6. The prisoner has been employed in the Post office twenty-five or twenty-six years; his character up to this period has been correct and honest.



                  RICHARD 
                  CROSS
               



            . Q. Were you employed on Monday, the 22nd of November, in the sixth division in sorting the paid letters for the different walks of that division - A. Yes.
Q. Who was the other person employed with you in sorting - A. I cannot recollect whether it was Henley or not; the man that is dead. I rather think it was Henley.
Q. Are you also one of the letter carriers of that division - A. I am.
Q. Was the prisoner employed in rting that morning - A. I have not any recollection about that whether he was or was not. I believe he was there that morning to carry letters for his own walk. It sometimes happens the letters for the different walks a mistake is made, and the letter for one walk is delivered to the carrier of another.
WILLIAM HASSETT. I am the letter-carrier for Gough-square walk. On the 22nd of November, I was.
Q. Do you recollect whether on that morning you received a letter for Mr. Wheatley, of Gough-square - A. No, I do not.
Q. Did you truly deliver all the letters you received that morning - A. I deliver part, and send part by a person of the name of Donthwaite. I delivered all except what I delivered into Donthwaite's hands; he takes the letters for the early post. All these people that have their letters by the early post he delivers them.


                  RALPH 
                  DONTHWAITE
               



            . Q. Did you, on Monday the 22nd of November last, receive any letters for Gough-square - A. I cannot recollect; if I did they were delivered in the regular course.


                  HENRY 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . I live in Gough-square; I am a deliverer of newspapers; I correspond with Messrs. Lansley.
Q. Did you receive any letter by the General Post office on Monday the 22nd of November - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you at any time receive a letter containing any of these notes; or all of them. Look at that paper - A. I never received any one of them, nor any letter containing any of the notes.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Barnard, Dimsdale and Company, bankers. On the 23rd of November last, I paid a Newbury note, No. 721 l, twenty pound, in a fifteen pound and a five pound bank note. I took the description of the notes I paid it with. The fifteen pound note was No. 8291, dated the 27th of October. We never put the year without it is several years back; the five-pound note was 8688. I have not the date of the five. I have no recollection to whom I paid them.
Mr. Challenor. The fifteen pound note may be the date of another year - A. It is not likely, because it was received at the bank the night before.
JOHN BARNES. I belong to the Newbury Bank.
Q. Are you able to say whether you had more than one note of No. 7211 in circulation - A. Only one of each in circulation. I am able to speak positively as to that fact. That note is still in circulation.
PETER FERGUSON. I am a baker; I live in Whitcomb-street. Some time in December last, the prisoner borrowed ten pound of me; he said he wished to have it twos or fives, because the Post office ordered all the notes to be marked. On the 16th of December he paid me this note, a fifteen pound bank note. There is my hand-writing on this fifteen pound note. I put down 16th of the 12th month, and the two first letters of my name, P F; and it is marked 
               
                  William 
                  Wood
               



            .
Q. to Mr. Shelton. 
               Read
             the date and number of that note - A. Dated 27th of October, 1818, No. 3291, fifteen pound.


                  JOHN 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am clerk in the banking-house of Lee and Starkey. Our house corresponded with the Andover old bank, and Wakefield bank, on the 23d of November.
Q. Look at that note, and see whether there is any thing upon it of your own hand-writing - A. There is the name of Millet made upon it by me on the 23d of November, and 55 written upon it. That was the number of notes brought in that morning. I paid that note that very day.

Q. 
            Have you any entry in your book which enables you to say how that was paid - A. Eleven Andover notes came in at once, and paid in eleven bank notes.
Q. Turn to your book. Have you the particulars of the eleven bank notes - A. Yes. Not one of the country notes. I put them down eleven fives; there is one of them 3412, dated the 9th of September. We do not put down the year, except they are more than a year old; if more than a year old, then we enter the year.
Q. You then presume it must be the current year, from your habit - A. Yes. Another Bank of England note, No. 4725, dated 28th of June; no year mentioned.
(Andover note read.)
"Andover old bank, No. 1813, dated 15th of December, 1812. I promise to pay five pounds on demand at Andover, or at Messrs. Lee and Starkey, bankers, London.
Mr. Abbott. That corresponds with the note spoken to by 
               
                  William 
                  Lansley
               



            ; in the former case dated 15th of December, 1812; and it is the note Mr. Marshall has spoken to as paid on the 23d of November last.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a clerk at the Alienation office, in the Temple.
Q. Look at that note, No. 3412, dated 9th of September, 1813, and tell me whether you received it at any time of any body - A. I believe I received it of one of the clerks of Anstice and Cox, solicitors, in the Temple. I always mark the name of the attorney of whom I receive the notes. Upon this note I have wrote Anstice. This is my own handwriting.


                  CHARLES 
                  MINTON
               



            . I am a clerk in the house of Anstice and Cox. On the 8th of December last, I paid Mr. Williams, at the Alienation office, a five pound note, I received it of Mr. Swainson, the managing clerk. I paid it on the same day I received it. I am sure the note I received of Mr. Swainson I paid the same day to Mr. Williams. I had no particular mark on the note. I made no other payment at the Alienation office on that day.

MR. SWAINSON. I am managing clerk at Messrs. Anstice and Cox. In December last, I was.
Q. Had the prisoner a post account at your office - 
               A. 
            He had. He delivered letters at Mr. Anslice's office for a considerable time. There was a week's passage due to him; it amounted to three pounds twelve shillings and sixpence. I gave him a ten pound note; he gave me change, a five pound bank note. I delivered the note to Minton, to make a payment at the Alienation office. I had no similar change at the time to my recollection; I had no other five pound note.


                  JOHN 
                  GIDDONIS
               



            . I keep a public-house in Shergood-street, Golden-square.
Q. Look at that note, No. 4725, the second note spoken to by Marshal, and see whether it has been in your hands - A. It has; I have marked it with the name of Mr. Wood; I received it of some of Mr. Woods family; most likely from some of his children. I have marked in with the name of Wood, and I, G, my own initials. I paid it to my distillers, Wilson and Hill, Piccadilly.
Prisoner's Defence. There is not a gentleman in the Temple but what will give me a good character, besides the numerous friends I have here now. The notes tendered by me were not stolen, but in regular circulation I received them. I am perfectly innocent of the charge.
The prisoner called eleven witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 61.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
