






1479. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CROOKS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     CLEMENT 
                     BART-LETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, one handkerchief, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Dickinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. WILLIAM DICKINSON. I am a surgeon
. On the 8th of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was going down Ludgate-hill


, with my sister, the officer touched my shoulder, and said my pocket was picked, I immediately missed my handkerchief, and described it to him. I went into St. Paul's Church-yard with him, he pointed out the two prisoners, and said they were the men, I seized one and he the other, and we took them into a house, and searched them - They denied having it - We found it on Crooks. I gave them in charge.
JOHN CARLISLE. I am an officer. On the 8th of October I was coming down Fleet-street, from Temple-bar, and observed the prisoners following several gentlemen, and feeling their pockets; they went as far as Fleet-market, returned again nearly as far as Chancery-lane, and then went down Fleet-street again; I missed them just by Fleet-market for half an hour; I watched about Ludgate-hill, and saw them behind the prosecutor, who was with a lady, just by St. Paul's Church-yard, Bartlett lifted his pocket up, went a little farther, and pulled the handkerchlef about five inches out, just by Ludgate church, Crooks took it quite out and ran across the way. I told the prosecutor, and desired him to return with me to look for them-they had gone towards St. Pauls. We came up with them in St. Paul's Church-yard, laid hold of them, and took them into a public-house, searched them, and found the handkerchief at the back part of Crooks' breeches. The prosecutor described it before he saw it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CROOKS' Defence. I picked it up on Holborn-hill; it slipped out of my pocket into my breeches.
BARTLETT'S Defence. I know nothing of the other prisoner.
CROOKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BARTLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
