





646. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of May
, a tablecloth, value 10 s. three sheets, value 30 s. and a tea-spoon, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Norris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am an upholsterer
; I live in High Holborn. The prisoner was my maid servant
. I did not miss my things until the 25th of May; they were pledged at different times. I lost three sheets, a tablecloth, and a silver tea-spoon. The prisoner lived with me about six weeks.
Q. Are you a married man - A. No. I suspected the prisoner on account of insobriety. She was so intoxicated on the 24th of May, I was obliged to discharge her. She came on the following morning, the 25th of May, for her clothes. I desired her to wait a few minutes, and she should have them. In the mean time, I sent for a constable. On searching the drawers where her clothes were kept, I found about a yard and a half of cotton, and some small pieces besides, my property. The constable, afterwards searched her pockets, and found various duplicates; here is three of them. There were sixteen in the whole. There are four articles here; one of them has been given up. I took her to Hatton Garden office with the constable; she was remanded for another examination. The pawnbrokers are here.
MR. SALTER. I am a pawnbroker, 93, High Holborn. I produce a tablecloth pledged on the 9th of May, and the tea-spoon on the 25th. I took them in of the prisoner.
MR. WALTER. I am a pawnbroker in Theobald's-road. I produce three sheets. I took them in on the 19th and 23d of May, of the prisoner.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at these goods - A. The articles here produced are my property.
Q. Had you a character with the prisoner - A. Yes, an unjust one. The prisoner had not been in the service of the person that gave her a character.
Prisoner's Defence. May it please you, my lord, and worthy gentlemen of the jury the prisoner lived servant with Mr. Norris, her prosecutor. There was no mistress. Mr. Norris being a man of great business occasioned his absence a great many times, and the prisoner not being possessed of money of her own, unguardedly happened to pledge some things belonging to Mr. Norris, with no other intent but to bring them home again when Mr. Norris paid her, which he always did upon the prisoner making her bill. I am in hope you will be pleased to take my case into consideration and in duty bound will ever pray.
ANN LLOYD.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
