





46. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BALLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, one box, value 6 s., and three squares of glass, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Atwood
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas Oak 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLAN
               



            . I am Carman to Messrs. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Atwood
               



             and Thomas Oak Smith, who are glass-manufacturers

, and live in Bridge-street, Blackfriars. On Saturday, the 27th of November, about twelve o'clock, I had two crates of glass and three boxes in my caravan. I left a box in Warwick-lane, I then proceeded to the Cross Keys, in Wood-street, Cheapside


 - I found there was a stoppage at the end of Bread-street, which hindered my going down with the caravan. A man stood against the wall, and said I could not go down. I said I would take the box and leave it, and asked him to mind the horse that it did not go any further. I left two crates and a box in the caravan - I took the other box to the coach-office; and when I got within a dozen yards of the corner of Wood-street, coming to Cheapside, I saw the prisoner take the box from the caravan, put it on his shoulder, and walk outside the caravan in the road. I collared him on the pavement, about a dozen yards from the horse. I had asked him what he was going to do with the box? he said a person had hired him to carry it. I said that was impossible, for I saw him take it out of the caravan, and put it on his shoulder. Another man took the box off his shoulder. He said,
"Now, as you have got your property, why can't you let me go?" I said,
"Had you made your escape with this glass you did not care if I had lost my place, and died in a workhouse." Worrall took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I waited at the corner of Wood-street, there was a stoppage there - the carman asked me to look to his horse. I saw two crates and a box in the caravan. He ran up Wood-street - I missed a box, and ran after the carman, and saw him secure the prisoner with the box on his shoulder - I took it off and put it in the caravan. I did not see it taken.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. There was a stoppage - A. I saw nobody give the prisoner any directions.

(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to carry it to the Blue Boar, Whitechapel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
