






884. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PAXTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June

, one box coat, value 30 s. two stable frocks, value 30 s. three stable waistcoats, value 30 s. three great coats, value 30 s. one pair of overalls, value 5 s. two buckles, value 30 s. one set of four-horse reins, value 5 s. and three brushes, value 5 s.
             the property of the Honourable


                     William 
                     Gordon
                  



               
            ; AND 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     POPE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 30th of June

, at St. Pancras



; the same goods, he well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MERCHANT
               



            . I am a butler to the honourable Mr. Gordon. On the 28th of June, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Paxton
               



            , who was in my master's service, as a coachman
, quitted it; he had been but a short time in the service; and he delivered up his box coat, and stable things to me. At about three o'clock in the afternoon when he was discharged, I gave these things to 
               
                  John 
                  Evans
               



            , the coachman who succeeded him.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am coachman to the honourable 
               
                  William 
                  Gordon
               



            . About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 28th of June, some stable clothes were delivered to me by 
               
                  John 
                  Marchant
               



            , the butler;I took them, and put them on the box of the carriage, in the coach house. There were then in the stable that I remember, three great coats; and another stable frock and waistcoat, beside the things that I put there in the morning; they were missing at about seven o'clock. In the morning the coachhouse, and stables were unbolted, but shut to; this must have been done from the inside. These clothes were then all missing, together with the clothes of the second coachman, and the postillion. I shall not be able to swear to them if they be produced, as I had them in my possession so short a time.


                  JOHN 
                  HOUGH
               



            . I am a publican, and keep the Blue posts, in Charlotte street. I saw both the prisoner's on the 28th of June. The prisoner Paxton asked me, if I had a single room to be let; I told him I had one with two bedsin it, in one which two young men slept. He agreed to take this, and brought several little bundles there that night; the other prisoner came in on Friday following and asked for these bundles; he came and said, has not Harry something here? I said he has; he said I am come for his things, has he not a packing case here; I told him he had, but refused to let him have his things at first, but afterwards permitted him to take them. I can't say what were taken away. My servants brought the things down, and Pope packed them in the packing case. He said Harry, meaning Paxton had got a place as coachman in the country, and he, Pope, was to send his things down to him. Pope was dressed like a coachman, and I said where do you live coachman? he told me at the other side of Russel square; but it afterwards appeared he did not. I said if Paxton went to him to tell him to send his clothes into the country, he might have called upon me in his way; but Pope said it was he that went to Paxton.


                  RICHARD 
                  CREED
               



            . I am stage coachman to Mr. Bishop, the Peckham stage keeper. At eight o'clock in the evening of the 30th of June, when I was at the Kings and Keys, Fleet street a hackney coach drove up to my coach with a gentleman's servant in it who delivered a packing case to me with orders to be left at the Inn at Camberwell, I said I would leave it at the Red cap, and told him so; there was a small box, as well as a packing case. When I got to Camberwell, I gave them in care to the ostler, 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Fraggleton
               



            . I don't remember the gentleman's servant, whether it was either of the prisoners or not. I think the packing case and box were directed
"to Mr. Prittie, to be left at the Inn, Camberwell, until called for."


                  FREDERICK 
                  FRAGGLETON
               



            . I am ostler at the Red cap, Camberwell; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Creed
               



             the last witness, left a packing case and a box in my charge, the direction was
"Mr. Prittie, to be left at the Camberwell booking house until called for. At nine o'clock the next morning, I delivered the small box to a young woman who paid the carriage, and said she came from Mr. Prittie. I never saw her since. The large packing case remained there till about three o'clock, when it was called for by Mr. Plank the officer, and delivered to him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer of the public office, Marlborough street. On Friday the 30th of June. I took Paxton into custody on suspicion of having stolen the articles mentioned in the indictment. I told him what he was taken for, and that it was very material to inform me where he spent the evening and night of the 28th of June; he said he slept at No. 20, Gower Mews; I went with him there and saw the coachman who lived there; I asked him if Paxton slept there, on Wednesday night? before the coachman had time to answer, Paxton said, you know I slept there; the coachman then said yes. I told him that Paxton was charged with having committed a my on that night. Then said the coachman if that is the case, I won't tell a lie for any body; he never did sleep here. Paxton then acknowledged that he did not; but he really slept in the stables belonging to 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Pope
               



            , at Cheney's Mews; and he said the reason he did not tell me the truth at first, was for fear he should get the coachman anger. I then went to 25, Cheney's Mews, with Paxton; but Pope was not there. We then went to his lodgings, which Paxton knew, and which were in Mortimer Market. I found Pope there. I put some questions to him whether Paxton had slept at his stables on the Wednesday night; he said he had; he had lent him a horse cloth, in which he slept in the hay loft. I said if you can prove that, this man must be innocent; you had better come with me down to the magistrates; he said I can't do that, for I must drive my master out in about three quarters of an hour. I told him that Paxton should not be examined until he came; and the magistrates waited until five o'clock in the evening in order that he might come down, but he never came at all. In consequence of some information which I received, I went to Pope the next morning, and said, you did not come according to your promise yesterday; he told me it was not in his power, for he could not get time. I then asked him whether he had fetched anything from Mr. Hough's and said if you could not find time to come to the office, you could find time to go to Hough's to fetch the things away in the packing case; he denied that he went to Hough's immediately. I told him he had brought Paxton's things away, and the landlord knew him. I then searched the stables, but found nothing relating to this charge. I then went to his lodgings with him but found nothing there; I told him he had fetched something from Mr. Hough's; and he certainly must know what it was, for he packed it up himself. He then said, well I will tell the truth, and pointing to a box, that is the box I fetched away; I looked into it, it was empty. I said that can't be the box, it was a large packing case, and so full, that you could not put a hat in it, and you were obliged to carry it in your hand. He then began crying and his wife fainted away, and there was a great deal of distress; and he said he had fetched them away for Paxton, and when I and Paxton went together to his stables, Paxton made a signal to him to say he slept there. I asked him what he had done with the things, he said he brought them away from Hough's to save Paxton if he could, as he had a friendship for him, and had sent them to Camberwell by the Peckham stage directed to 
               
                  James 
                  Prittie
               



            , to be left at the booking office until called for. I secured him, and immediatelywent to the Red caps at Camberwell, and there found all the things named in the indictment. All the things are here.


                  John 
                  Marchant
               



            . All these things belong to the Honourable Mr. Gordon. The prisoner came into my master's service on the 10th of June and left it on the 28th.


                  John 
                  Evans
               



            . I can't swear to any of these things because I had them so short a time.
PAXTON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
POPE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Comman Serjeant.
