






736. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GILKES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RADLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of August
, one copper, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rhodes
                        




                     
                  , then affixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RHODES
               



            . I live in Huggin-lane


. The house that was broken open belonged to me; that house was shut up at the time: it is in the parish of St. Lawrence Jewry


. I am the sole owner of that house. The officer called on me at seven o'clock in the morning, and said my house was broken open. I went up stairs; I found my copper was removed away. I had seen the copper there three days before. It appeared to be fresh done. An iron crow was laying on the table. The staple by the side of the door of the house had been forced.
WILLIAM BROCK. I am a constable. On the 13th of August, about ten minutes after six, as I was coming from Billingsgate with a peck of oysters; I saw Gilkes walking about the door of the prosecutor's house; the other prisoner, Radley was standing at the street-door, wrenching it open; I kept looking at him; Gilkes took notice. I went on, and took my oysters into Wood-street. I returned in about ten minutes. I gave information to Harrison; I told Harrison to come to my assistance. When I returned to the door, I saw Radley standing at the door; I pointed him out to Harrison; Harrison catched hold of him, searched him, and picklock keys were found on him. I went into the house; I saw Gilkes n the house; he was coming round to Harrison; I catched hold of him; he was at the bottom of the stairs.
Q. Had the door been forced open - A. The staple of the door had been forced out, so that people could get in. Upon going in, I saw the copper was taken out of its first setting, about eight feet from the fire place. Harrison found a crow. I saw the crow in Harrison's possession. Gilkes and Radley were secured.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. Brock gave me information. I went to the house. Going up Aldermanbury, I saw Gilkes at the prosecutor's door; I told Brock to follow me; instead of that he went round Basinghall-street way. I saw Radley instantly came towards me when he saw me. I instantly laid hold of Radley by his collar; I dragged him to Mr. Rhodes's door, and pushed him. The door was upon a jar; the door had the appearance of having been forced open. A scuffle ensued in the passage; Gilkes came running down stairs; I laid hold of him with my left hand; he wanted to put his hand in his breeches; I gave him two or three violent kicks, and then I handcuffed them both together. Brock came in. We searched Radley; I found ten picklock keys, a knife, and some twine upon him. I searched Gilkes; I found thirteen picklock keys, a knife, a gold ring, and a one pound note upon Gilkes. The one pound note I gave him back since. I took him up one pair of stairs, into the back kitchen; I found the copper was laying in the back kitchen; it appeared to me to have been recently taken out. On the dresser I found this iron crow all over lime, that was the instrument we supposed raised the copper; it was smothered with lime when I took it. The copper was removed about eight feet. I tried the crow on the middle door and the outside door; it fitted the marks on the doors. I secured them, and let Mr. Rhodes know; he claimed the copper. This is the copper.
Q. to Mr. Rhodes. What is the value of the copper - A. It is worth twenty shillings; I paid more than twenty shillings for it. It is mine.
Gilkes's Defence. Harrison found nothing at all on me. I was coming by the door; I saw the door open; I knocked at the door; I wanted to know if anybody lived there; I could not find anybody. I went up stairs; I found nobody there. I came down; I saw Radley shoved into the door.
GILKES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
RADLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
