





1510. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, five pieces of ribbon, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Collier
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TOMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Collier
               



            , who is a haberdasher
, and lives in Titchborne-street, Golden-square


. On the 16th of October, about four o'clock in the afternoon, Mr. Green's shopman came in with two pieces of ribbon, and asked if they were ours? I said, Yes, I knew them. I went with him to his shop, and saw the prisoner; I recollected immediately that she had been to our shop a few minutes before - she knew me, and began to cry. I claimed the ribbons. She had bought some ribbon of us, which came to 5 d., and changed half a crown.


                  JAMES 
                  NUNN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Green, who is a haberdasher, and lives in Marylebone-street, Golden-square - Titchborne-street runs in a line with it. The prisoner came into the shop between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and asked for some ribbon; I put the drawer before her, and she chose one, which was 4 d. per yard, and had 1 1/4 yard cut, then chose another at 5 d. yard, and had 1 1/4 yard of that. While I was cutting it, I thought I saw her take a piece out of the drawer, and asked her if there was any thing else? She seemed confused, which made me suspect her. She then said she wanted a yard of two-penny galloon. I spoke to my fellow-shopmen, we secured her, and found a piece under her shawl. I went round the counter, felt her pocket, and found it was nearly full. We got the servant-maid to search her, who found seven pieces of ribbon in her pocket, five of which were ours. Mr. Collier claimed the other two.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and found several remnants of ribbon on her, and a bad shilling.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
