






206. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February

, three silver servers, value 10 l. thirteen silver spoons, value 7 l. two silver desert spoons, value 1 l. and a silver marrow spoon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Baron
                        



                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 11th of February

, the said goods, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  BARON
               



            . I am a housekeeper
; I live in Southampton-row, No. 49, Bloomsbury



. I have an independant fortune.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Kelley
               



             - A. He was my butler
, and had the care of my plate.
Q. Did you miss any of your plate - A. Yes.
Q.When did you last see it before it was stolen - A. On Sunday evening, at dinner, on the 3d of February, the articles were safe then. I missed it on the Tuesday following: The prisoner had not quitted my service when I missed it. Some of the plate is here.
Mr. Reynolds. You say you saw your plate on the Sunday - A. Yes, excepting the marrow spoon.
Q. Did you take particular notice of it - A. No. The silver servers were brought to table, and the spoons; I cannot exactly say whether they were all there or no.
Q. Did you take any more observation of your plate on that day than any other day - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  PERRY
               



            . I have the management of Mr. Spinks shop, 22, Gracechurch-street, he is a silversmith. The prisoner came to me on the 13th of February, he asked me if we bought silver, and what we gave per ounce; I told him from five shillings and sixpence to five shillings and ninepence was the usual price given, upon which he opened the plate. I examined the silver and said as there was foreign silver among it the utmost that I could give would be five shillings and sixpence per ounce; he said that was not sufficient, he expected five shillings and tenpence; I told him it was the most I could give, he asked me to weigh it for him that he might not be deceived in any other place he took it to; there were fifty one ounces four penny weights; he asked me what it would come to at that; I told him fourteen pounds one shilling and sixpence; he said he did not suppose he could do better with it, I should have it. I paid him the money and he went away.
Mr. Reynolds. Which man are you speaking of - A. Atkins is the person that I bought it off. I gave him the full value of it, as he told me he was a country dealer I gave him more than others would have done.


                  JOHN 
                  BLAKE
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a servant.
Q. What do you know of this transaction - A. I believe you have the minutes.
Q. I must have it from you again, tell the whole of it, and tell the truth, and nothing but the truth, do not charge any person unjustly - Do you remember a fortnight ago you were in company with Mrs. Devey, on a Sunday, a fortnight ago - A. Yes, I was.
Q. Did you go with her to any place - A. I did, at her request I went with her to a public-house in Bloomsbury-place, it is at a corner of a street.
Q. Do you remember Mrs. Devey sending a boy of an errand - A. Perfectly well.
Q. What was the boy to do - A. As I understood to tell Kelly the butler to come to her; Kelly at Mr. Barons, or Mrs. Barons, I cannot say which.
Q. Look round, do you know either of the prisoners at the bar - A. Both of them. I knew Kelly before I went with Mrs. Devey, but not Atkins.
Q. Did Kelley come - A. He did come.
Q. Do you remember Kelly bringing any thing to Mrs. Devey - A. Not at that time.
Q. Do you remember any thing of a bundle - A. Yes.
Q. Who brought the bundle - A. Kelly; he delivered the bundle to me at our parting at the public-house.
Q. Did you know the contents of the bundle - A. I did not know then, I do now.
Q. What were you to do with the bundle - A.He said there were different articles, some belonged tohim, and some to his friends; I took the bundle home along with me, I was to dispose of the articles that were in it; I sold them to Atkins, on Monday, eight days after I received them.
Q. During these eight days did Kelly call upon you for any thing - A. He asked me if I had disposed of them.
Q. To whom were you to give the money to - A. To Kelly.
Q. What is Atkins - A. I do not know.
Q. How come you to sell them to Atkins - A. I was in a public-house, a man was talking of a jeweller, and some conversation ensued about watches, and they said he bought silver and gold. A man brought Atkins to me at my master's stable; I do not know the man's name.
Q. What is your master - A. A gentleman, I believe, a counsellor, Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Penleaze
               



            .
Q. What was it you sold to Atkins - A. Three small silver waiters.
Q. Were they silver - A. I believe so; I sold them as silver, I did not sell them alone; to the best of my recollection thirteen (or it may be one over) spoons, table spoons, I believe.
Q. Do you know whether they were tablespoons or tea-spoons - A. Yes, but they may put them to different purposes.
Q. What besides - A. I do not think there was any thing else. By the account of Atkins and his friend that brought him to me they came to ten pounds some shillings. Atkins paid me the money.
Q. Did Atkins weigh the silver - A. Yes. I gave Kelly the ten pounds the next morning. Kelly said it should be fifteen or sixteen pounds that he ought to have had.
Q. How many ounces did it weigh - A. Forty-seven ounces, as I understood, at four shillings and threepence an ounce. I gave Kelly the money, he gave me nothing for my trouble.
Mr. Reynolds. You were taken up and charged with this were you not - A. Yes.
Q. You have come now from prison to here - A. Yes.
Q. When did you first tell this story after you were taken up and charged - A. No, I did not.
Q. When was the first time - A. Last Monday.
Q. Three days ago - A. Three days ago.
Q. That was the first time that you told this story, when were you taken before the magistrate, as thief, you know - A. On the Thursday, I believe.
Q. And you never told this story until the Monday night - A. No, I had no opportunity; I searched for advice, and I got advice of my master.
Q. Are you in service now - A. I do not know whether I am or am not.
Q. Do you know your way into Mrs. Baron's house - A. I do, if I am shewed the door.
GEORGE CLERKE. I am a watchmaker. On Monday the 11th of February the prisoner Atkins came to my house and informed me he was going to purchase some foreign silver; a friend of his, a one legged lieutenant, was to introduce him to the person that had it to sell, it was to be sold at a public-house near Berkley-square; I cautioned him not to have any thing to do with it; I told him if the people had come honestly by it, they would go to a refiners, or to a silversmiths shop, where they could get more by it than he could afford. He borrowed my scales and weights, I lent them to him having known him about two years.
Q. What is he - A. An hawker, or pedlar, during which time I have trusted him at several periods to the amount of forty or fifty pounds, he has been frequently in my shop, where valuable articles lay about, both of gold and silver; I had not the least doubt of his honesty. I also told him, after he had borrowed the scales, that he had better go to a silversmith's shop, and have it weighed, and valued, by which means he would not be wronged; he told me he could depend upon his friend the lieutenant. He returned the scales the next morning, I was not at home; I saw him in the afternoon, he told me he had made a purchase of the silver, and gave five shillings the ounce.
Mr. Gleed. Did you know where Atkins lodged - A. He told me in London-street, Fitzroy-square. I was present at the time of his apprehension, he was apprehended in my shop, he then acknowledged every thing.
Q. I want to know when he was apprehended whether he gave all the information of the person of whom he purchased the different articles - A. He did.
Q. In consequence of the information he gave was the witness Blake apprehended - A. Yes, and Kelly.
Mr. Reynolds. You did not go to the public-house where he bought the plate - A. No.
Q. You know nothing of Kelly - A. I do not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. By the information that I received at Mr. Clerke's house on the Wednesday, on Thursday I apprehended the prisoner. As soon as I told him who I was and took him in custody he told me of the person that he had bought it of; he said he did not know the name; by the information that he gave me I found out Blake; he went with us and found out Blake. When we apprehended Blake, Blake said that he had this plate given to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CABLE
               



            . I am a pot boy at Orange-street, Bloomsbury-place.
Q. Do you remember a lady of the name of Devey coming to you - A. Yes.
Q. Are you the boy that was sent with a message to Kelly - A. Yes, she sent me of an errand to 49, to Kelly, to tell him to come; Kelly came about eleven o'clock.
Q. Did you see any bundle - A I did not.
Mr. Reynolds. You saw Kelly come, and you saw no bundle - A. Yes. I saw no bundle.
Q. If the bundle had been of any fine at all you must have seen it if he had brought it - A. Yes, I must.
COURT. Did Kelly come once or twice - A. I saw him come once.
Q. to Blake. How often did Kelly come to Mrs. Devey at the public-house in Bloomsbury - A. Twice.
STEPHEN LAVENDER. I am an officer. I hadsome conversation with Atkins, he said he was cautioned about purchasing this plate, and in consequence of this caution, he buried the plate before he sold it.
Q. Then he told you that he had sold it - A Yes, to the silversmith in Gracechurch-street, he said that he buried it in consequence of some caution he had of Blake.
Q. to Perry. Did Atkins give you reference to Mr. Clerke - A. No; he was known at our shop I had known him a month or six weeks before. I knew from Atkins that he had dealt with Mr. Clerke, and there he was found.
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at the plate, is that your property - A. The silver has my crest upon it; these two, they are all my own that is produced, and more is wanting still; these are worth twelve, thirteen or fifteen pounds: I do not know exactly.
Kelly's Defence. I am free of the charge against me.
Atkins's Defence. I hope I gave a fair price for them.
Kelly called one witness, who gave him a good character
KELLY, 

               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            , aged 48.
ATKINS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
