





100. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BIGGS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, at St. George's, Bloomsbury


, eighteen plates, value 12s.; four hinges, value 4s.; and four bits, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., and one apron, value 2d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tooley
                        



                     
                  -one saw, value 9s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Walter
                        



                     
                  -one saw, value 7s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Whittington
                     



                  -two saws, value 12s., and two aprons, value 6d., theproperty of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Crossfield
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Forster
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Feakins
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., and one apron, value 3d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dowling
                        



                     
                  -one saw, value 6d.; two bits, value 6d.; and one > rule, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Mortimer
                     



                  -and two saws, value 12s.; three bits, value 9d.; and one bevil, value 2d.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tweedale
               



            .
JOHN WILSON. I am a coach-maker

, and live in Thorney-street, Bloomsbury, in the parish of St. George's


. I lost eighteen plates, four hinges, and four bits, out of my work-shop. I fastened my premises on Saturday, the 30th of November, and returning on Monday, about seven o'clock, I found both the back and the inside door had been opened. I missed several of my men's tools, and some of my own; I am sure they were safe on the Saturday; I saw them afterwards with Wiltshire, the officer; my things are worth 18s.
Prisoner. Did you not say, at Bow-street, you was sure it was not me-A. I said I was certain it must have been done by more than one person, as you did not know my premises.
JOHN TOOLEY. I am a workman, at Mr. Wilson's
. When I left work, on the Saturday night, I left two saws and an apron on my bench; they were gone on the Monday morning. I have seen them since, in the custody of Wiltshire; I know them to be mine; they are worth 12s. 2d. together.
Prisoner. Do you recollect saying, when I described the person who had got the things, that you suspected him-A. I do.


                  RICHARD 
                  CROSSFIELD
               



            . I work at Mr. Wilson's. I left two saws and two aprons there; they are worth 12s. 6d. together. I saw them with Wiltshire; they are mine.
THOMAS FORSTER. I left two saws at Mr. Wilson's, on the Saturday; I missed them on the Monday morning; I have seen them at Wiltshire's; he had several more tools; they were not more than one person could carry.


                  HENRY 
                  FEAKINS
               



            . I work at Mr. Wilson's. I left two saws there on the Saturday; they were gone on Monday morning; I saw them afterwards in Wiltshire's custody; they are worth 12s.
JAMES DOWLING. I work at Mr. Wilson's. I left two saws and one apron in the shop, on the Saturday; they were gone on Monday morning; they are worth 12s. 3d. I saw them in Wiltshire's custody afterwards.
WILLIAM MORTIMER. I left two bits, one rule, and one saw, at Mr. Wilson's, on Saturday; I missed them on the Monday morning; they are worth 7s. together. I saw them in Wiltshire's custody afterwards.
THOMAS TWEEDALE. I left two saws, three bits, and one bevil, in Mr. Wilson's shop, on the Saturday, and missed them on the Monday morning; they are worth 12s. 11d. I saw them in Wiltshire's custody afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSHIRE
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Crown-court, Cheapside, on Sunday night, the Ist of December, about half past ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner tying the things up in two or three aprons. I asked him what trade he was; he said, he was in the coach line, and that they were his own. I suffered him to bring them out of the court, and when he came to the corner of Queen-street I saw the watchman, and then took hold of the prisoner. He threw down the bundle, and made a blow at me, and got out of my grasp. The watchman, whose name is Taylor, ran after him, and secured him. I secured the bundle, and picked up some more tools which he left behind in his hurry to tie them up. When he was taken to the watch-house, he had some more tools in his pocket, and three old keys; the keys will not fit any part of the premises. I learned, the next day, that the tools belonged to Mr. Wilson. The prisoner said afterwards, that he was hired to carry them, by a person in St. Paul's Church Yard, for one shilling, to East Smithfield. They were claimed by the several persons who have seen them to day.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am watchman of Cheap Ward. I was at the corner of Queen-street when Wilshire laid hold of the prisoner; I saw him get from him; I pursued him, and took him. I saw him throw down the bundle of tools; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been acquainted with a man of the name of MKenzie. Last Sunday week, as I was returning from Drury-lane, I met him with three packages under his arm; he asked me to carry them, saying, he was going the same way as me. I took one of them; he walked faster than me. As I was coming down Cheapside the watchman stopped me, and said, he suspected me. I threw them down, and endeavoured to escape.
JOHN WILSON. It would not require a great deal of force to break into the premises; but it appeared to me to be the work of more than one person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
