





1214. 
               
                  
                     JOHN CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  KEYMER
               



            . I am shopwoman to my uncle, 
               
                  John 
                  Henry Keymer
               



            , who is a ribbon and trimming manufacturer, and lives in Noble-street. On the 9th of July the prisoner came and asked for a dozen of twelve-penny velvet, and one dozen of eight-penny - I delivered it to him, and asked who they were for? he said for Mr. Boyle, who is a customer of ours, and lives in Friday-street - they came to 28 s. I gave him a piece of paper, and asked him to write the gentleman's name; he wrote
"Messrs. Boyle and Co." I said Mr. Keymer would send the bill up - he said
"Very well," and left. In about twenty minutes he came again, found fault with them, and said they were not liked where he had been, and would not leave them, but asked to see more - I found I had no more, and said, when Mr. Keymer came in he would change them. He went away, and would not leave them.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY KEYMER
               



            . I am uncle to the last witness. When I came home I took the bill to Messrs. Boyle and Co.'s, and there got information.


                  CHARLES 
                  SPURDEN
               



            . I am in partnership with Messrs. Boyle, Fisher, and Walford, who are haberdashers, and live in Friday-street, we deal with Mr. Keymer. The prisoner is a perfect stranger to us, was unauthorized to get articles, and never delivered them to us. He was brought to our house afterwards from Keymer's. He had rolls under his arm, which appeared like goods, but upon opening them they contained waste paper.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to ask for employ; a gentleman sent me for these things, and told me to say they were for Messrs. Boyle and Co., as he did not like to go himself. He sent me to several places - he promised to get me a situation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
