





1557. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, one portmanteau, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Herbert
               



            .
SECOND COUNT. Stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Cloud
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT. Stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wells
                  



               
            .
ROBERT WELLS. I drive the Hammersmith stage. On the 1st of October, the prisoner rode on the box with me into the Strand, from Piccadilly; I stopped at Palsgrave-place, by Temple-bar


, and left him on the box, with the portmanteau by his side, while I set a lady down and took her luggage; when I had done so, I turned round and missed the prisoner and the portmanteau; I made enquiry, and was directed up Ship-yard, but could not find him-the people said they should know him again. I gave information at Bow-street - he was taken. I am positive he is the man who rode with me - He told the magistrate that if I would set him at liberty, he would settle it - I refused; he said, "never mind, I shall only have a jolly seven pennyworth of it."
ESTHER GARNET. I saw the prisoner with the portmanteau on his shoulder. I am positive he is the man.
ANN BANE. I was standing with Garnett. The prisoner passed us with the portmanteau on his shoulder. I am positive that he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  ROADES
               



            . I drive another coach. I was following the prosecutor's coach on the 1st of October, between three and four o'clock, and saw the prisoner riding on the box with him; a gentleman called to me in the street. I am positive he is the man who rode on the box.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman called me off the coach - I never saw the portmanteau.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
