





213. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     SOLOMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, two pewter pint pots, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cox
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a publican
 in Petticoat-lane


. I keep the King of Prussia public-house


. On Thursday, the 7th of January, I lost two pint pots; they were taken from my house. The prisoner was in my house several times that day. It was in the evening part that he stole the pots. The first pint pot that I missed was about half after nine at night. It was taken from the tap-room. The next pint pot I missed was about a quarter before eleven.
Q. Now, between the time that you missed the first pot and the time that you missed the second, had the prisoner been in your tap-room - A. Yes, he had. I did not see him take the first pint pot; I heard he did. I watched him to his own lodgings, which he occupied of me in a court behind my house. I followed close behind him. It was dark; he could not see me, and he is deaf, he could not hear me. When he unlocked his door, I heard him put something down, which sounded like a pewter pot. He came out of his room. I went down. He followed me down into my own house. He called for a pint of beer. I served him myself in a pint pot, which he took into the tap-room. The prisoner was sitting at a table where another man was drinking a pint. The man that was drinking a pint, he went, and left the pint pot there. I had seen the pots on the table; I would not let the maid fetch them out. I went to a secret place, and watched him the while. I was watching him an hour and a half. He did not touch the pots. I thought it would be prudent for me to go into the bar. I had not been in the bar ten minutes before I saw the prisoner go out. I sent my servant girl into the tap room to see whether there was one or two pint pots left on the table. In consequence of what she told me, I went out after the prisoner had overtook him by the end of the court. I took the watchman that I had in waiting I stopped him at the end of the court. I searched him and found my pint pot in his pocket. I then gave him in charge of the watchman, and went to the watchhouse with him. The officer searched him, and found the key of his own room. I went back, and searched his room. I there found the first pot that I mentioned, and likewise found two pans fit to be used for the purpose of melting pots. There was solder at the bottom, which induced me to think they had been used for the purpose of melting pewter pots, and that pint pot that I found there had my name and sign on it.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel parish. Mr. Cox gave me charge of this prisoner about a quarter before eleven o'clock. I searched him, and found upon him a pint pot; it had the name and sign of Mr. Cox upon it. After I took the prisoner to the watchhouse, I found two keys upon him. I took the prisoner with me to his room. One key opened one room, and the other key another room. One was a bed-room, and the other a lumber room. In the prisoner's bed-room I found a pint pot; it had the prosecutor's name and sign, and I found two pans there underneath the bed; they bear the appearance of having melted metal. As I was taken the prisoner along, he asked me to let him go. I told him it was as much as my place was worth to let him go.
Prisoner's Defence. The pint pot they found in my room, I had half a pint of beer in it, and the pint pot they found upon me they lent me to get a halfpenny worth of milk, in the morning.
Prosecutor. I never lent him a pot at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
