





442. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, eighteen yards of ribbon, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bluck
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BLUCK
               



            . I am an haberdasher
, 32, Bishopsgate Without


.
Q. When did you lose the ribbons - A. On the 18th of April, about eight o'clock in the afternoon. Having suspected the prisoner we watched her for some time, I thought I saw her take something and put it into her pocket; on her leaving the shop I went after her, the young person said she had taken a piece of ribbon, I followed her and brought her back, she dropped the ribbon; a witness is here that saw her drop it, I sent for Sapwell, he searched her; he has the property.


                  SARAH 
                  CLARK
               



             I am shop woman to Mr. Bluck. The prisoner came in the shop and asked to look at some made up bows, which she objected to and thought she could make one cheaper by buying the ribbon herself, I then shewed her some ribbons and while I was measuring it I saw her put the piece of ribbon into her apron and from there into her pocket, and as she was going out I told Mr 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bluck
               



             she had a piece of ribbon, he followed her and brought her back, and she dropped the ribbon.
Q. Did you see her drop it - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY BLUCK
               



            . Q. Are you a partner with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bluck
               



             - A. I am not, my son lives in my house and has the shop. The prisoner had been there four times before, suspicion arose of her having stolen ribbons, she came in then, I was sitting in a back room in the shop, I came forward; when my son brought her in the shop she dropped the ribbon, I took the ribbon up and kept it till the officer came, saying that I saw it drop from her; she said might it not drop from the counter, I said no it was at the bottom part of the shop were no ribbons are kept. It had my son's private mark on it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             This is the ribbon.
Prosecutor. That is my ribbon, it has my private mark on it.
Prisoners Q. I want to know whether that old gentleman can say it dropped from me or no.


                  John 
                  Henry Bluck
               



            . I positively swear it.
Prisoner's Defence. It never came from me may I never enter the kingdom of glory, I came into town on Thursday, I buried my husband. I have two small children. That old gentleman would hang me. I am an innocent woman. I leave myself to the mercy of every one in the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
