





709. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve on the night of the 21st of July
, and stealing therein, a warming pan, value 10 s. a fender, value 10 s. a candlestick, value 2 s. two tablecloths, value 4 s. a tea-cannister, value 4 s. three knives, value 1 s. and a pocket book, value 5 s.
             his property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor, my husband is abroad, I am the housekeeper, it is in the parish of St. Mary le Strand


.
Q. You lost some property. - A. Yes, the house was broken open in the night, after I went to bed.
Q. When had you last seen this property the last time before it was stolen. - A. On the night, before I went to bed, and I saw it afterwards in the possession of the constable.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANDON
               



            . I was coming home from the watch-house about half past three o'clock in the morning, I saw two men coming by with a looking-glass, in a little time after I saw the prisoner coming with these things, the fender and the warming pan, I stopped him and took him to the watch-house. He said he met two men in the Strand, they asked him to carry them to the pump in Queen Street, they would give him three shillings for it, he meaned the two men that passed before.
Q. Did you know the two men that went before. - A. No, nor did I know the prisoner before.
Q. How soon after you stopped him did he say he was hired. - A. About ten minutes.
Q. Then the first ten minutes he gave no account. - A. No, after I searched him he told me, if I went as far as the pump in Queen Street I should find them, I went directly, and could not find them. I took these picklock keys out of his waistcoat pocket, and this phosphorus box I found upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking with some bakers, one of them said,
"White, I am rather in arrears with my rent," I said, worse luck, he said
"I am going to move my things, would I help them move the things," I said I would, not knowing that these were stolen goods in the least. They gave me them things, and the bundle came untied. I picked them up, and some I put in my pocket, and the others in the bundle.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
