





1034. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FAWNS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, 300lbs. of lead, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Essex
                     




                  , Jun.
, and then fixed to the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Essex
                     



                  , Sen.
            



                  WILLIAM 
                  ESSEX
               



            , JUN. I am the proprietor of a house, No. 25, in the Polygon, Somerstown


-my father resides in it. The portico was covered with lead, on the 21st of May it was stolen. I had seen it fixed.


                  GEORGE 
                  GATES
               



            . On the 21st of May, I was a watchman in the Polygon, Mr. Essex's house was in my beat; in consequence of the lead being stolen I was suspended. Wishing to discover the thieves, I watched the next night, with Butler and Jefferson, in Clarendon-street, and between nine and ten o'clock at night, I saw three men in Mr. Johnston's field, which is about 150 yards from the place, they were running backwards and forwards about a hole of muddy water; I went over into another field, and got within forty yards of them - They made off, I suppose they saw me; I followed the prisoner, who was one of them, and never lost sight of him - I secured him; he struck me. I took him to the watch-house, returned to the ditch, and there found three pieces of lead; there was more found.


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I was on the watch, and saw three men by the ditch; one took the lead out and handed it to the prisoner, another man carried it away. I saw the prisoner carry four pieces-they were disturbed, and ran away. I saw the prisoner taken, and am sure he is the man, I never lost sight of him. I found four pieces of lead in the ditch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  PETER 
                  WHITEHAIR
               



            . I am a plumber. I tried the lead to the place, it exactly fitted; I am certain it had been cut from that place-it is worth 4l., and took 10 cwt. to replace it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been into the city, and was returning home, in haste, when they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
