





112. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     KNOWLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, a quilt, value 5 s. a blanket, value 5 s. a pair of sheets, value 5 s. and a table-cloth, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Tyler
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Tyler
               



            , he is shopman to an ironmonger
.
Q. When did you lose these things - A. On the 8th of December, between five and six in the evening, from off my bed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an East India labourer; Mrs. Tyler lodges in my first floor. On the 8th of December, between five and six, Mrs. Tyler informed me that she was robbed and told me the articles she had lost. I found the blankets at Mr. Attenborough's; I got an officer; the prisoner came to redeem some things and then I took her in custody, we then went and searched her apartment, found the quilt, two sheets, and a tablecloth.
Mr. Knapp. When you found these things what did she say - A. We found a person in the room, we were in agitation whether we should take him in custody, the prisoner cried and said he was innocent and she was guilty.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, No. 1, Crown-street, Finsbury-square; these blankets I took in of the prisoner on the 8th of December, between five and six, the man came to my shop about five minutes after she was gone, the prisoner came again in the evening when she was taken in custody.
DENIEL BISHOP. I am an officer; I took the prisoner in custody, in her hand I found the duplicates of the blankets at Mr. Attenborough's, I went to her lodgings in Artillery-street and found the quilt and the pair of sheets, there was a man in the room, I asked her if he lodged there, she cried all the time and did not say.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the things of a woman.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
