







8. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SWAIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Harmer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HARMER
               



            . On the 6th of November, a little before seven o'clock, as I was passing down Holborn-hill


, near Ely-place, I felt a slight touch at my right hand pocket, where my handkerchief was - I was near the curb. The prisoner, Brown, passed me on the outside. I found my handkerchief safe, I took no notice of him, but walked on - I kept feeling if my handkerchief was safe. When I came within a few yards of Giltspur-street, by St. Sepulchre's church, I felt something touch my pocket again - I felt, and missed my handkerchief. I immediately turned round, and saw the prisoner Brown, close to me, and two men close to him, covering him - all three were in motion, with their hands moving. I seized all three, and said,
"one or the other of you has got my handkerchief, give it to me". They all denied it - I said I would take them to the watch-house, and give them all in charge, as I was certain one of them had it. The two men became violent, and said they would not go to the watch-house, as they knew nothing about it. I looked on the ground, and saw my handkerchief lying there - there was nobody but the prisoners and myself near. The two men got from me - I kept hold of Brown, and picked up my handkerchief - I tried to take hold of the two men, but they retreated. One or two persons came up, I asked their assistance - they got as far as Giltspur-street. I called out Stop thief! and saw one of them stopped, about fifty or sixty yards off, on the pavement - it was Swain - the other kept in the middle of the road, and got away. I went up to Swain, and found a man lying on the ground, and Swain holding him, and saying,
"This is him, I have got him" - he was holding Attfield, and said he was the man. I took him to the Compter with Brown.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am horse-keeper at the Saracen's Head Inn, Snow-hill. I heard the prosecutor call Stop thief! and immediately laid hold of Swain, who was running. He immediately tripped me up, threw me under him, and called out
"I have got him. Here he is." The prosecutor came up, and took him to the Compter.
SWAIN'S Defence. The prosecutor said one of us had got his handkerchief. I told him to search me - he let me go, I ran away, and refused to go to the Compter - the last witness took me.
BROWN'S Defence. I was not coming the same way as the other men.
SWAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16
         




               Confined Six Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
