





808. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RACINE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, one mahogany writing desk, value 2 l. two Bank of England notes, for the payment of twenty pounds each, value 40 l. and two other Bank of England notes, for the payment of ten pounds each, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Ball 
                     Stapleton
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL STAPLETON
               



            , ESQ. I am a lieutenant
 in his Majesty's 21st regiment of Light Draggons. On my return from the Continent, after the late campaign, I took up a temporary residence at the Northumberland coffee-house, and shortly afterwards took lodgings in the prisoner's mother's house, at the West end of the Town. The prisoner I believe, is a musical instrument maker. I employed him to bring several articles from the Northumberland coffee-house to his mother's, and last of all, I told him to go for the desk in question; I apprized him of its contents, which were two twenty pound notes, two ten-pound notes, and several valuable papers, which were infinitely of more of consequence than my money. He never returned at all.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MOLES
               



            . I am a servant at the Northumberland coffee-house, and delivered lieutenant Stapleton's desk to the prisoner, who said, he had orders to fetch it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a constable, and after hearing often of the prisoner, and going in pursuit of him a long time, I at length apprehended him between eleven and twelve o'clock, on the 14th of September, opposite Somerset House.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Watson.
