





460. 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  JONES
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of April
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Haines
                     



                  , a pocket book, value 6 s. a five pound bank note, four two pound bank notes, and two one pound bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Ellick
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  ELLICK
               



            . I am a sailor
. I lost my pocket book on the 23d of April, at Mrs. Haines's, she keeps a lodging house in Well Cross Court, Old Gravel lane


, I lodged there.
Q.What is the prisoner. - A. She always came there to read the news paper, she snatched the pocket book off the table, all my notes were in it, Mrs. Haines called to her to bring my papers back, she would not come back, my discharge from the King's service was in my pocket book and I had fourteen pounds in it. I put my pocket book on the table, she snatched it and ran away, Mrs. Haines is a coloured women and she is big with child she cannot come.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, I found her new rigged out in new wearing apparel, on the evening of the same day I found her old clothes in the back yard, I searched her and found only a few halfpence on her, Mrs. Haines got half way here yesterday, and to day she is not able to come.
These things are a new bonnet, a habit shirt, and cap, I took them from her.
Prisoner's Defence. Yesterday six weeks I was coming up the bottom of Wellclose-court, I met the prosecutor and his landlady, he said Jones will you have a glass of gin, and all I saw with him was a sixpence, he asked me to go with him I denied, I was in the court about eight o'clock in the evening. Mrs. Haines and this man were all that day drunk.
Jury. Q. to prosecutor.) Were you sober at the time you lost your pocket book. - A. As sober as I am now.




               GUILTY
            , aged 39.
of stealing but not in the dwelling house.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
