





860. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PUTTOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 56lbs. of hay, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Parkhurst 
                     Elliot
                  




               
            .
PARKHURST ELLIOT. I am a farmer
, and live at Great Stanmore


-the prisoner had been my carter
 for six months. On the 28th of April he drove my team to town with a load of hay. After he was gone I missed a truss from the rick-yard.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am Mr. Elliot's hay-binder. On the 28th of April, in the morning, I loaded the waggon with thirty-six trusses of hay only. I left the prisoner in the yard; when I returned I missed a truss of hay out of the barn, which was there after I loaded the thirty-six trusses. The prisoner was detected in selling it.


                  JOHN 
                  BURRELL
               



            . I was standing near my house, saw the prisoner get on the load of hay, and take one truss off. I followed him to a house, where he went in, and saw him receive 1s. 9d. for it. The moment he received the money I caught him, and asked him what money he had in his hand? he said, "1s. 9d., which I have received for this truss of hay." He said his master ordered him to sell it, for it was a returned truss from the barracks. He said he was going with the load of hay to market. I told him it was strange his master should send a single truss of hay ten miles for him to sell, and detained him. I took the team to market, and delivered it to the salesman. I returned for the receiver, but he had absconded. When I went back the prisoner said he picked up the truss near the Edgware gate.
MR. ELLIOT. I had not ordered him to sell it. I had none returned from the barracks.
Prisoner's Defence. I found it on the road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
