





101. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WETHERALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of January
, 28 yards of printed cotton, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Dionisius 
                  Trott
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  PITNEY
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  Dionisius 
                  Trott
               



             in the Old Change


, he is a calico printer
. On Wednesday the 3d of January, about five or ten minutes after five, as I was in discourse with the warehouseman I heard the warehouse door shut, I saw a man going out whom I followed to the top of the Old Change, and I discovered a piece of print under his left arm, I instantly made to him; he attempted to escape and ran across Cheapside, I followed him with the cry of stop thief, before I seized him he dropped the print, a lady passing at the time picked it up and gave it to me, she said, there is the cotton; I had hold of the prisoner, a witness came up and secured him.



                  JOSEPH 
                  LEVY
               



             COHEN. On the 3d of January, going through Cheapside, there was a cry of stop thief, I turned round, I saw the prisoner running, he came up to me, I stopped him directly; the prosecutor came up, I said I have got him, a woman came up and brought the cotton, I found no cotton on him, we brought him up to the Old Change; Mr. Trot said the cotton was was his.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in his Majesty's service and in the Merchants service
 a long while, I happened to come up the Old Change a coach was coming, I ran upon the pavement these two men catched hold of me, a man came up and said I had been robbing the warehouse, I had only been in England five or six weeks.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
