





366. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Housham
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 22nd of March
, and stealing therein six loaves of bread, value 3 s. 7 d.
             his property.


                  ANN 
                  HOUSHAM
               



            . I live with my brother, 
               
                  George 
                  Housham
               



            ; he keeps a chandler's shop
 at No. 4, William-street, Manchester-square, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


. At seven o'clock in the evening I saw the bread in the shop. 
               
                  John 
                  Sullivan
               



             came in to ask the price of some cord; he did not purchase any. He was the last person that I saw in the shop between the bread being there and it being gone. The bread was there when Sullivan went out. After he went out I went into the parlour. My brother was the next person that came in.
Q. You do not know who took the bread, do you - A. The bread was found upon Sullivan.


                  JOHN 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a baker in Wellbeck-street. I am the person that manufactured the bread. I supplied that chandler's shop.


                  CHARLES 
                  WIATT
               



            . I am a watchman. On my going up Wellbeck-street I saw the prisoner tying up something at a door. It was rather before eight o'clock. I do not know what it was. That was in Wellbeck-street. Housham's house is in William-street. He put the bundle on his shoulder. I followed him to Wigmore-street; I there stopped him, and asked him what he had got there; he said, bread. I there said, where did you buy the bread; he said, down Wigmore-street. That is a contrary way to where he came from. I took him in custody, and took him to the watchhouse. He dropped one half quartern brick out of the bundle as I was taking him to the watchhouse; the rest I took with him into the watchhouse. At the watchhouse there were four half quarterns, and a quartern loaf besides. There were six loaves in the whole. I produce two of them.
Yates. That is my bread. I serve Mrs. Housham.
Prisoner's Defence. It is not his bread.
Mr. Housham. The quantity of bread that we lost was found upon the prisoner.
GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
