





321. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of February
 a handkerchief value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of a certain person to the jurors unknown.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 12th of February between ten and eleven o'clock at night, just as the people was coming out of Covent-garden Theatre, I apprehended Hart at the office door. I followed him about an hour and a half before that and saw him in the act of picking pockets, I saw him take this handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket, I think it is this because it was damp at one corner, the name appeared to have been bit out by the damp at the corner as though it had been put in the mouth to bite the name out. I did not take the prisoner in custody when I saw him take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, I let him be till the mob was almost dispersed, I am sure the prisoner is the man, I followed him different nights from the 5th to the 10th, I found two handkerchiefs upon him, I cannot swear positively that this is the handkerchief, he was apprehended on the 6th for picking a gentleman's pocket, he was discharged; when I first saw him in the evening he was standing at the entrance of the play-house going into the pit.
Q. What became of the gentleman whose pocket he picked - A. I do not know, there was no gentleman came forward to own the handkerchief.
Mr. Knapp. Do you know the gentleman that you described having his pocket picked - A. No, I tapped the gentleman on the shoulder and asked him if he had not had his pocket picked, he said he had he lost a yellow handkerchief out of his pocket, he said he would come to the office to-morrow at eleven o'clock, he did not give his name or address. It was a yellow handkerchief that I saw him take.
Prisoner's Defence. When Mr. Lack the officer took me into Bow-street he said that White took that handkerchief, that handkerchief is worn out, it is not bitten out in the corner, he told me in Bow-street office he would endeavour to transport me because I was a jew
.
Court. Q. to Lack. Did you say that you saw White pick the gentleman's pocket - A. No, White was takenup by a gentleman and given to me, the prisoner said both these handkerchiefs were his own.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
