





292. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Payne
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three at night on the 15th of February
, and stealing therein a watch, value 48 s. a three-shilling bank token, and an eighteen-penny bank token
            .


                  RICHAKD 
                  PAYNE
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. In Shepherd's Mews, Ray-street


, I am a hackneyman
, in the parish of St. Pancras, I live over a stable, the prisoner was my horse-keeper
, he had been in my employ one week.
Q. What time did you go to bed - A. About twelve.
Q. Did you leave the prisoner up - A. He had no business there at all, I had paid him his wages that night. I was disturbed about half-past three in the morning, I felt him get the breeches from under my head. I heard him unbolt the window on the justice, I pursued him and in the manger with my watch, ten shillings and six-pence, a three shilling piece, andan eighteen-penny piece; he was searched, a bunch of keys and two razors were found upon him.
Q. Was there any light in your room - A. No. I put them under my pillow; before I put my breeches under my pillow; there was a carpet tacked up at the window instead of a sash, and that is the way he got in the room.
- TURNER. I am a coachman; I was called up by Mr. Payne on the 15th of February, he called out watch, I went to the door, he said some person was in the stable. I went into the stable, I saw the prisoner by the manger, I picked up the watch, the money, and the handkerchief. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. It is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. Between seven an eight o'clock my master paid me my wages; I owed a person three shillings, I went that night and paid him; I stopped till I got tipsey. I thought it my best way to go back to the stables, I laid in the hay-loft and went to sleep. I thought I felt somebody feeling about me, I got up and went down into the stable, and then somebody went through the door, and I not being sober I laid myself down in the stable until the alarm was. My master came down in his shirt, and a sword in his hand; he asked me what brought me there; I told him I would do him no injury, nor any one else; they searched me and found nothing; in the stable that I was sleeping in they found the watch, the money, and the two handkerchiefs.
GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
