






1412. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRIOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TROTTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 74 lbs. of lead, value 12 s.
            , the property of the 
               Right Honourable Arrabella 
                  Countess
 De Grey


            , widow
.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of the Right Honourable


                     Thomas Philip 
                     Weddell
                  



               
            , Lord Grantham
.
THIRD COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of certain persons unknown.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and work for Mr. Pool. On Tuesday, the 28th of September, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was working at Lord Hardwick's, went to the privy of Lord Grantham, and saw the loft door over the privy open - I thought I saw something like lead. When I returned from breakfast, I examined the loft, and found it was lead. I took it from there, with the assistance of one of Mr. King's men, and put it into Lord Hardwick's stables. I afterwards, by Mr. King's direction, returned the lead to the place where I found it.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am a plumber, and live in Rupert-street, Haymarket, While I was at work at Lady De Grey's, one of my men informed me that some lead had been found in the loft over Lord Grantham's privy, and been put in Lord Hardwick's stables; I assisted in removing it to the loft, and watched with my man and lad. I set my lad to watch through a small hole; we waited there nearly two hours. About ten minutes after eight o'clock the lad said three men were coming down the mews. I rushed out, and secured Prior; the man and the lad secured Trotter - it was in Badman's-mews. When I rushed upon them they dropped something; we found the lead was gone out of the loft, and two pieces in a sack, and one piece out of the sack on the ground just by them; I compared it with the other lead - it tallied with the water-pipe. I assisted in fixing it at Lady De Grey's.


                  THOMAS 
                  GALPINE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. King. I was watching with him, and have heard his evidence - it is correct. I saw three men come down the mews - the prisoners are two of them. I and the other man secured Trotter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBONS
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. King. I was on the watch, and saw the men come down the mews - they were stopped. My master's evidence is correct.


                  GEORGE 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a constable; the prisoners were given into my custody with the lead; I compared it with the premises - some pieces were left under the holdfasts in the wall - it exactly corresponded with them.
PRIOR'S Defence. We went down the yard - I did not see the lead.
TROTTER'S Defence. We had no concern in it.
PRIOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
TROTTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
