





199. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, in the King's highway, on the 28th of December
, upon 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 5 l. a seal, value 10 s. a key, value 1 s. and a ribbon, value 1 d.
             the property 
               
                  Charles
                  Day
               



            .


                  CHARLES
                  DAY
               



            . I live with Mr. Reeve, junior, in St. Paul's Church-yard. I was seventeen years of old last June.
Q. Did you lose a watch, seal, and key, at any time - Q. Yes, on Wednesday, the 28th of December, I was under Temple Bar


; at the time I was going home; I had a watch with me in my fob, and a seal, key, and ribbon, it was just before ten o'clock. As I was going under the bar, the prisoner and another man hustled me; the prisoner came behind me; the prisoner held me while the other man snatched my watch.

Q. 
            Now, do you know whereabouts you where when the watch was taken from you - A, I was about in the middle of the passage under Temple Bar; I am sure the prisoner was the man that held me while the other man took the watch; after the other man took the watch away, I cried stop thief. The prisoner held me, he got me into the middle of the road, because I should not run after the other man, I struggled with him until he got me into the middle of the road, I then saw his face plainly: he knocked me down, he threw me down in the middle of Picket-street, on St. Clement's Church side; he ran away; I got up and ran after him, until he got into a crowd of a few people, and a watchman, when I got up to him; I got up to him for a moment, I cried stop thief all the way I run; I am quite sure the prisoner is the person, I charged the watchman with him, and when I came up to him the prisoner charged Mr. Bennet. I could not swear to the other person; Mr. Bennet was dressed something like the other man; the other man was running towards St. Clement's Church. The prisoner gave charge of Mr. Bennet as the man who had taken the watch. I gave charge of the prisoner; I have never seen the watch again. I said the prisoner was the man that held me while the other man took my watch.


                  BENJAMIN
                  BENNETT
               



            . I live at 24, Wood-street; I am a wholesale hosier. The prisoner gave charge of me on coming from the Strand; I was within six yards of Temple Bar; when I first saw the prisoner the prisoner had fast hold of a youth, round the body of the boy; the other man made a snatch at the prosecutor's watch, he ran away; I saw him make a snatch, I ran after the man whom I supposed had taken the watch, I saw him only make a snatch, I did not actually see him take the watch. I thought he had robbed him, therefore I ran after him, I pursued that man as far as the second house in the Crescent, as far as St. Clement's Church. The prisoner came up to me; there was no watchman there at that time; the prisoner took hold of my collar, and with great violence threw me against the shutters; two watchman came up, he gave me in charge of one of the watchman as being the man who had robbed the youth; he then looked me in the face, and begged my pardon; the prosecutor came up, and said the prisoner had held him while the other man man robbed him, I then laid hold of the prisoner.
THOMAS DOBEY. I am a watchman. I heard the cry of stop thief, I made up directly; the prisoner came up, and Mr. Bennett, I and another watchman took them both to the watchhouse. Day came up soon after, he said the prisoner held him while the other man robbed him.
COURT. 
               Q. 
            (to Day) What was your watch worth - A. Five pounds.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
