





714. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Susannah Simons

                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of three in the night, of the 11th of August
, and stealing therein, a pair of stockings, value 6 d. a handkerchief, value 3 d. two jackets, value 6 s. and a bag, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Farrington
                        



                     
                  ; a shirt, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  ; a shift, value 1 s. and a petticoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Simons
               



            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SIMONS
               



            . Q. Are you a housekeeper - A. Yes, and I keep a coal-shed
.
Q. Was your house broken open last month - A Yes. On the 11th of August, near four o'clock in the morning, we were all a-bed. I was the last person that went to bed. I have lodgers in the house; no servant at all. I was alarmed near four o'clock by the patrol, it was then day-break.
Q. Was it light enough to distinguish the features of a man's countenance - A. Yes, it was. I got up and observed my kitchen door open, and the outer door was open; that was the door that I had bolted on the over night.
Q. Did you lose any of your property - A. Yes; I lost two jackets, a petticoat, a pair of stockings, and a shift. out of the kitchen. I had seen them on the over night, the last thing before I went to bed.
Prisoner. The door was only shut; the window was open.
Prosecutrix. The door was bolted, and the window was not open.


                  JOHN 
                  FARRINGTON
               



            . I am a sailor. I lodge in Mrs. Simons's house. I was called up about a quarter before four; I lost one waistcoat, and two jackets, and a bag, out of the back kitchen. I saw them there before I went to bed.


                  PETER 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am a watchman; about a quarter before four o'clock, on the night of the 11th of August, I saw a ladder against a wall; I found the prisoner there, round the corner. I asked him, what he did there; and seeing no bundle, I let him go. I went up the ladder and examined the premises. I saw the window and the door open. I gave the alarm to the people of the house, and in searching, I found a bag of clothes. I saw the prisoner again, I took him into the yard and searched him. I found on him a jacket, and a waistcoat, which Farrington said, was his. I took the prisoner to the watch-house. The property produced and identified.
GUILTY, aged 46,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
