





588. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACDONALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Biggen
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the afternoon, on the 20th of June
, Elizabeth, the wife of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Biggen
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Kelly
                     



                   being therein, and stealing six shirts, value 3 l. a pair of sheets, value 6 s. a pillowcase, value 6 d. two pair of stockings, value 1 s. nine handkerchiefs, value 5 s. four towels, value 2 s. and a cap, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Kelly
                        



.


                  GEORGE 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live at No. 1, Chapter-house-court, St. Paul's Church-yard, St. Gregory's parish


. Me and my brother rent the lower part of the house of Mr. Biggen: he sleeps in the house. We are bookseller
s. On the 20th of June, about three o'clock, I went to clean myself in a room in the one pair of stairs. I tied up my linen for my washerwoman, and put it on a back shelf in that room. A person came into the shop for some books, and when that person went I shut the door after him; then I went into a room to get my boots, and when I came back I found the shop door open; I had left the shop door fast, it fastens with a latch; I then looked for my things, and missed them directly.
Q. When did you see the things again - A. On the Friday morning. I saw the things with the officer and the prisoner at the Mansion-house.
Q. Now tell me what that bundle contained that you left in your room when you went to serve a customer - A. All the articles mentioned in the indictment; they were put up in one bundle.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a constable. On Wednesday, the 20th of June, about nine o'clock in the evening, I went into the King's Head public-house, in Threadneedle-street, I saw the prisoner offering a shirt for sale in the tap-room to a customer for five shillings. He had two bundles with him at that time, one was open, and the other tied up. I suspected him. I asked him how he came by that shirt; he said, his captain gave it him. I asked him who his captain was, and what ship, to which I had no answer. I looked over the two bundles, they contained all the articles claimed by Mr. Kelly, and bearing his mark. I searched the prisoner, on him I found the laundress's hooks, with all the articles set down, signed at the bottom 
               G. 
            Kelly. I then took him into custody; from there I went to the washerwoman.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been to sea all my life. I bought these things of a marine, in a public-house.
GUILTY, aged 60.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
