





218. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     OVERTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Wassell
                        




                     
                  , four bottles of wine, value 1 l. and a twenty pound bank note, his property
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WASSELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, I live in Fleet-street


, my house is exactly opposite the Temple, I have had the house in my occupation since November, 1807, it was formerly occupied by Mr. Salkeld, who carried on the same trade; I have occupied it about four years and a half.
Q. Was the prisoner a journeyman
 of yours - A. Yes, he had lived with me as my journeyman from the time I first came there, between four and five years.
Q. Had he been an apprentice to Salkeld - A. I understood so by Mr. Salkeld. When he first came to me he was to have at the rate of forty pounds a year, I then raised him to fifty pounds, then sixty pounds, and the two last years to seventy pounds a year and his board and lodging. I find there were some wages due to him.
Q. How came these wages to be due to him - A. I had offered the wages to him, but he declared he was not in want of money, and when he was he said he would ask me for it.
Q. Who did you employ in the shop besides him - 
               A. William Hill
             as an under shopman, and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Morris
               



            , a lad more particularly for the warehouse, a shop-boy.
Q. Where was the note placed that you missed - A. The twenty pound note, I never missed it; it was placed in the till for the general purposes of business.
Q. Was your money that was taken in the shop put in the till - A. It was.
Q. When did you put it in the till - A. About the beggining of November, about the 5th, I think.
Q. Who did you receive the twenty pound note of - A. Of Mr. John Hall.
Q. Who in the house had resort to that till - A. Nobody but me and Hill and the prisoner.
Q. You went up stairs into the prisoner's room, when was that - A. Upon the 2nd of February, when the wine was missed.
Q. When you went up to the room of the prisoner did you find in the prisoner's room the same day the wine and the note - A. Yes; in the box I found the wine and in the drawer in same room I found the note.
Q. How much wine did you find - A. Four bottles of red wine.
Q. Was the note in one of the drawers in the prisoner's room - A. Yes; he had a small drawer and a large one in a secretary.
Q. Were those drawers in the prisoner's room used by the prisoner - A. Yes.
COURT. Whose drawers were they - A. His own.
Q. When you found them there was the prisoner with you - A. He was present.
Q. Did he furnish you with the key with which you found them - A. Yes, he did, at my request. Hegave me up all the keys, he had every place in the room locked; he gave me the keys of the drawers and the box.
Mr. Knapp. Before you had proceeded to open the box had the prisoner said any thing at all about the contents of the box; he said he had opened the drawers and the box to me before. When I was searching for the wine I was only searching for the bottles, but finding no bottles in the drawer, he said here is only one more box which contains the clothes of my brother, who was called to sea; they were left off clothes; as he let the things in the box down I heard something scratch. I put my hand down and pulled out a bottle, I said, if this is the wine I have missed there are some marks by which I can describe the bottle, it is marked in the bottom in the hollow of the bottle with whiting, and if they are figured and numbered you will find I have not miscounted.
Q. Had you been charged before that time by the prisoner with having miscounted - A. Yes, I had, and then I proceeded to search the figures, and I found the four bottles, marked as I had described them.
Q. In what manner were these four bottles in the box - A. About half way in the box between the clothes. Upon that he said he was ashamed of having taken the wine, and hoped I would look over it. I told him if every thing else was right I might overlook it, and merely discharge him. At that time I had not missed my note, I was determined to make a minute search, and then I examined the drawers, and in a little drawer of the secretary I found two twenty-pound notes and sixty one-pound notes.
Q. Did you observe upon one of the twenty pound notes the name of Hall upon it - A. I knew it to be his hand-writing; he is a trustee and in the habit of receiving dividends for my sister.
Q. You remember Mr. Hall paying you that twenty pound note do you - A. I do, and the reason I know it, there is a calcution at the back, I thought I should always know the note again, I found other property in cash and goods.
Mr. Alley. With respect to the bottles of wine they were marked at the bottom - A. Yes.
Q. There was a peculiar mark done in chalk after you found that your observations were alive and you found the twenty pound bank note - A. I did.
Q. You have not resided in the house since the month of November - A. No.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken did you ever return to it to sleep there; have not you an intention to go elsewhere - A. I had. I did not intend to go back there since in the month of November.
Mr. Knapp. You have taken a lease of it since - A. I have.
Q. Three of your servants slept in it at that time - A. Yes, three when the prisoner lived there.
Mr. Alley. Had not you and yours left that house without ever intending to return to it - A. Yes, we had.
Q. You had left this man in complete possession himself of your domestic concerns in that house - A. I had.
Q. Can you tell me what quantity of smaller money you might have in the till when you put that twenty pound note there. Do not you know upon your oath, that he was in the habit of occasionally getting change for you at Child's the banker's - A. Yes he had.
Mr. Knapp. What power had he to draw any sum of money and to what extent of the till - A. To the amount of ten or twenty pound, he was not restricted to any sum.
Q. You say the accounts of the state of the house was necessarily kept by him - A. They were.
Q. And on his producing accompts and vouchers to correspond with them you thought all was fair till you found otherwise - A. I did.
Q. When the wine was found what became of it - A. It was sent to the Bow-street officer to the other house in Pickett-street, and he left it upon the dresser.
Q. When you saw it again in Picket-street where the marks altered - A. They were taken off entirely of three, except in the holes of the bottles.
Q. And the notes had a mark upon it by which you know it to have been received from Mr. Hall - A. Yes.
COURT. Here is from the beginning of November to the 1st of February you never saw this note at all - A. I did not; I was not in the habit of keeping the accompts myself.
Q. Might not he have changed a large note for smaller notes since the 14th of November - A. In case of the delapidated state of our house our trade is very much reduced therefore since that time there has been a great quanty of small notes in order for change in the till.
Q. Were you in the habits of lending twenty pounds - A. Very seldom; such a circumstance might occur.
Q. It seems very odd that you should leave twenty pounds in the till - A. Because persons might pawn for larger sums, and so it might be useful for change.
- BUTTERWORTH. I am an officer. I produce the note.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . Q. Is that the twenty pound note that you paid to Mr. Wassell - A. Yes; I know the hand-writing of my father upon it; the figures upon it, they are my father's hand-writing.
Q. Did you pay a twenty pound note to Mr. Wassell - A. I did; I cannot say when; I had it several days in my possession. The same note that I received of my father I paid to Mr. Wassell. I have never paid a note of that value to the prosecutor but that one.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTTERWORTH
               



            . Q. You are an officer belonging to Bow-street - A. Yes.
Q. Were you sent for on the 2nd of February last - A. I was; I went to No. 9, Picket-street, Temple Bar, there I had four bottles of wine delivered to me, I have had it ever since. I went to Mr. Wassell's house and searched the prisoner's lodgings, the prosecutor informed me that the prisoner lodged in the house; he delivered the keys in Picket-street, he did not go to the house; I went there to his room and found a quantity of notes to the amount of forty-six pounds; I found the twenty pound note in question.
Q. Were you present at any conversation that took place about the wine - A. The prisoner confessed totaking of it, he said he was extremely sorry for taking the wine. This is my wine.
Prosecutor. Two of the bottles have my marks on them.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing particular to say.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing the wine only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
