





630. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Wigan
                        




                     
                   about the hour of twelve at night on the 27th of June
, and stealing therein a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a knife, value 6 d. six pieces of foreign copper coin, value 3 d. two hundred and four halfpence, and seventy-two farthings, his property
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WIGAN
               



            . I live in Church-lane Whitechapel


.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at your house - A. On the evening before he broke in he was in the privy in the yard backwards, about nine o'clock at night, I saw no more of him, I had never seen him before.
Q. Was your house broken open that night - A. It was not broken open, he got over the wall and got into the house.
Q. You did not see him - A. No.
Q. What time did you go to bed - A. About half past eleven, I was the last person up in the house, I locked my door and made every thing secure.
Q. Did you get up first in the morning - A. Yes. I got up about half past five, I saw my till laying down in the house, it had been taken from the bar, I had not locked it the over night.
Q. What was in the till - A. There were some halfpence, some foreign pieces of coin, some farthings and bad silver; it was all gone.
Q. What might be the amount of it - A. That I do not know.
Q. Did you see how the person got in - A. The back window was left open all night.
Q. Did you find any of your money any time - A. I found in the other yard one penny.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a beadle of Whitechapel parish. I was sent for by Mr. Windsor, Pawnbroker, in Whitechapel; the prisoner broke a window there, he offered to pay for the window. I knowing there had been a house broken open, I took him on suspicion. I found this coin on him, this black silk handkerchief, and this knife, which Mr. Wigan swore to.
Q. What money is it - A. Halfpence and farthings, and this bad silver, twelve and three pence altogether, and some foreign copper.
Q. to Prosecutor. Can you swear to any of thatmoney - A. There is one farthing and a sixpence that was in the window, and one farthing laid on the bar; that knife is mine, it was in the drawer, and that is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I came home from the West Indies with Captain Poppell, I had Portuguese money like this. I am in a strange country, give me fair play; the knife I brought from Martinique, and the handkerchief I brought from Philadelphia in America.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
