





130. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, one box, value 6 d.; two blankets, value 1 s.; two petticoats, value 2 s.; three gowns, value 3 s.; two caps, value 10 s.; two frocks, value 4 s.; six shirts, value 3 s.; two jackets, value 4 s., and sixteen napkins, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Butcher
                  




               
            .


                  CATHARINE 
                  BUTCHER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Butcher
               



            , and live in Montague-mews


, he is coachman
 to Mr. Laws. The articles stated in the indictment, were in a box, in the housekeeper's room, down the area. On the 3d of October, between twelve and one o'clock, I went into thekitchen, and as I sat at dinner, I heard somebody in the passage, I got up, and saw Boston in the passage; he asked if that was my box, for he had brought it back; I said, Yes; he asked if the prisoner was my son - he had stopped him; I said I had no son, and gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hall, a coach-maker, in Eagle-street. I was passing the end of Montague-street, Russell-square, and observed the prisoner and another man, lurking about. The prisoner was looking down several areas; I saw him go down an area, and return - they went further; his companion sat on the step, and the prisoner went down the area of No. 27; I crossed the road, and got assistance; he came up with the box under his arm; I laid hold of him, and asked what he had got, he said he had got them from his mother; the other got away. A gentleman who assisted me, took him down the area; while he was looking for the person, the prisoner came up again; I pursued, and took him. I also took the other boy, but let him go to secure the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never had it; I was coming down the street, and this man took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
