





341. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th. of January
, one chest, value 2s., and eighty-four pounds of tea, value 23l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERMITAGE
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Jones, who is a grocer
, and lives in Oxford-street


. On the 9th of January, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening, I was unloading before my master's door, I had unloaded three chests, and a hogshead of sugar, and was making room in the shop, when I was asked by a young man, if I had lost a chest of tea. I run out, and missed one chest. The man said, he had seen three men take it from the cart and cross over, and turn down James-street. I run down James-street, and saw two men standing, and asked one of them, if they had seen any body with the chest, they said no, we have just come up. I thought they might be two of the men. I turned round and saw the chest, and the prisoner standing before it to hide it, he turned away, and I took him, and told him he had taken the chest of tea. I took him to the shop. He refused to go, but I got assistance. Three men carried the chest for me, (it weighed 1cwt.) while I secured the prisoner; he said, he would not go to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. I did not see him carry it, he was standing in a dark corner before the chest. It was not a minute before I lost it.
HENRY JOHNSTON. On the 9th of January, I was standing against Mr. Taylor's door, and saw three men standing at the corner of James-street; one of them went up to the cart and took the chest out of the cart, and crossed the road. I told my shopmate, and he told the carman. The last witness came up to me, and I told him which way they were gone, he went down James-street after them.
Cross-examined. I will not swear that the prisoner was one of them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PYALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
