





157. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, a great coat, value 20 s. a pair of breeches, value 15 s. five pair sheets, value 5 s. three waistcoats, value 2 s. a pair of gaiters, value 6 d. and a wooden chest, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Archer
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a salesman in Spittalfields Markets. On the 7th of January, about five o'clock in the evening, I saw the Norfolk waggon going through Paternoster Row, leading to Union Street


, I observed three men following the waggon, they were in velveteen jackets, like porters to an inn, I did not see their faces, two of the men got into the hind part of the waggon, and one walked by the side just behind, the driver was with the horses, the two men that got into the waggon pulled a box out and gave it to the third, I followed the men, they turned down Red Lion Street, leading into Rose Lane. When the trunk was out they all three went away, I followed them, the waggon went up Church Street, and they went down Red Lion Street, quite a different direction, I seized the prisoner, one of the other men was carrying the box on his shoulder, and the moment that I seized the prisoner the man that had the box threw it down and ran away.
Q. When you saw two men get into the waggon, and the box handed out to the third, I suppose you could not say the third man was the prisoner. - A. No, I took the prisoner and the box to a place of safety, the prisoner made no resistance, he was close to the man that was carrying the box. I have hardly a doubt that he was one of the three persons.


                  MARY 
                  ATTO
               



            . Do you know that box. - A. Yes, it is my husband's, his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Atto
               



            , the things that were packed in it is my husband's, they are worth three or four pounds, they were sent by the Norfolk waggon.
- SCOTT. I am book keeper to the Norfolk waggon, I received the trunk on the 7th of January, I saw it put in the waggon.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
