






879. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WRAYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, nine live tame pigs, price 20l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hallett
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HALLETT. I am a cow-keeper
, and live in Spafields


. On Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, my pigs were safe in a shed in the yard. I went to Shoe-lane, and returned at half-past ten o'clock. About eleven I had a waggon went out of my yard, and missed the pigs about half-past three o'clock next morning. I traced them across Spafields, down Bagnigge-wells road, close to Laycock's gate, and traced one pig through two fields into Laycock's field again, from there to Islington turnpike, where I found it at half-past five in the morning. I fetched Thisselton, and described the others to him. I traced the others within three feet of the prisoner's door.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. There appeared to have been a dog behind them. The prisoner had a dog, whose feet fitted the marks.


                  RICHARD 
                  SPALDING
               



            . I am a watchman near Bagnigge-wells. About five minutes after ten o'clock a man drove ten pigs by me. I knew the prisoner very well - He is not the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSELTON
               



            . I am an officer. I went on Sunday morning with the prosecutor to the prisoner's house - I traced the marks of the pigs' feet to his house; there was blood on the step of his door. Next day they were described to me; I went there, and found a fore-loin of pork, which was cut up in a butcher-like manner. The prisoner said it was given to him-next day he said he bought it in Fleet-market. The prosecutor told me the meat would be in a fevered state, as the pigs were at heat.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the bed, and found eight pigs' feet between the prisoner's bed and the sacking-one of them was described to me as having been bit, I found it so. The pigs had been killed in the house. I found some dust sifted over the blood.
WILLIAM HALLETT. I can swear to one of the feet by its being bit. Spalding said he saw my boar at the prisoner's house that night. Another of the feet had been trod on-the blood remains in it where it was bruised, and salt will not take it out.
RICHARD SPALDING re-examined. I went to the prisoner's premises that night, but saw nothing there. I saw the pigs in the field. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
