





1081. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLEUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, a case of cutlery, value 7 l. and four dozen of knives, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barry
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRY
               



            . I am a ship-broker
, on Tower-hill


. I only know from the patrol's information.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman on Tower-hill. At half past three I was going my beat, I saw a person at different hours of the night; I observed a man lurking about; I went into my box. I blowed the light out. This man came and rubbed his hand across my box; I took no notice. I sat still until I heard him go away; I then came out of my box, and followed him; he went up to Mr. Barrs's accompting-house; I asked him what he wanted there; he said he was waiting for work. This gentleman's accompting-house had been attempted twice before. I immediately made up to the door, and when I came to the door 
               
                  James 
                  Cleugh
               



             came out.
Q. He came out of the accompting-house - A. Yes. I ran after him about fifty yards, he then threw this large crow from him; he said the man is gone that way. I said, you are the man for me; two patrols came up; I told them if they would stick to him, I would go and find the crow. I went, and picked it up; they sticked to him. I am sure he is the same man; I never had my eyes off him; we went back to the accompting house; the goods were packed up in two bags at the door.
Q. to Prosecutor. What were the goods - A. It is wrote down on this piece of paper; they were removed from the inner counting-house; these things were taken from different packages. They brought the bags, and left them behind them. A trunk was broken open containing wearing apparel, and put into bags; a parcel containing different parcels of knives were removed to the door in a case; the case was directed to the Commissary General at the Indies; they were all removed from the place where I put them, from one room to another. The property belonged to me, and to no one but myself.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
