





827. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     CRUDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        John Erskine 
                        Douglas
                     




                  , Esq.
, one pocket-book, value 2 s.; four 10 l., seven 5 l., and five 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.

REAR ADMIRAL
 JOHN ERSKINE DOUGLAS. I live in Cavendish-square, the prisoner was my servant
. On the 15th of April I had been taking a walk. I returned home about six o'clock in the evening; my pocket-book, with above 80 l. in it, was in the pocket of my pantaloons. I had received this money at Coutts's, the bankers. The prisoner assisted me off with my pantaloons. Immediately after they were off, I told him to hand them to me, for I had left my pocket-book in them. He immediately replied,
"There is no pocket-book here, Sir." I said,
"I told you to hand me my pantaloons, I did not desire you to search for the pocket-book." He gave them to me, and I missed it. Next morning I had the notes stopped at the Bank; I afterwards saw a 5 l. note there with the prisoner's name on it - I think it was his writing. I afterwards got an officer, who searched, and found my pocket-book, with 65 l. in it, wrapped up in a parcel, in a small closet where the prisoner kept his clothes. The prisoner said it was not my pocket-book, for he had found it in the area - I said that was impossible, for he knew it was mine, as he had been in the habit of seeing it two or three times every day.
Cross-examined-by MR. ARABIN. I have several servants.
COURT. Q. Before you missed it had anybody but the prisoner been in the room - A. No; it must have been taken after my pantaloons were off.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am an officer. I found the pocketbook in the closet - it contained four 10 l., five 5 l. bank notes, a quarter of a lottery ticket, and a memorandum of bank stock.
(Pocket-book produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found it in the area.
GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
