






376. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     SWEENEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Fairey
                        




                     
                  , about one o'clock in the afternoon of the 27th of January
 (he and other personsbeing therein), and stealing therein 24 knives, value 30 s.
            , his property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FAIREY
               



            . I am a mathematical instrument-maker
, and live at Ratcliff-highway


. On the 27th of January, about one o'clock, I had a piece of glass broken out of my window, and three or four dozen of knives taken out - the hole was large enough for a man to put his hand in. I had seen it safe about an hour before.


                  MARY 
                  BROOKES
               



            . I live nearly opposite Mr. Fairey. On the 27th of January, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner, Gray, take the knives out of a paper, and put them into Sweeney's apron - he held them while Gray went for more. He returned in two or three minutes, took more out of a paper, put them into Sweeney's apron, and went over a third time for more - I did not see where they got them from. My house is about a hundred yards from the prosecutor's. Gray returned in about two minutes with more - they then saw me looking at them, and removed themselves from there into Prince's-square. I looked out at my door, and saw Sweeney come up the court again - he thought I was watching them, put the knives under his jacket, and then went round the other way. Thinking they came out of the pawnbroker's shop, I went in, and asked him if he had lost any such things? he said No. The prisoners left the court, and I saw no more of them. I am sure they are the boys; nobody else was with them. They threw the papers away - Fairey picked up one. Next morning Gray was brought to me; I was asked if he was one of them? I am certain he is.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FAIREY
               



             re-examined. The paper has my mark on it - it contained the knives; I have never recovered them. The window had been cracked some days before, but nothing to speak of.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of January, Gray was given into my charge; he said he had not got the knives, but Sweeny had them, and sold them for 2 s. 6 d., and gave him 6 d. He described Sweeny to me; I searched for him, and found him in custody at Union Hall, for a similar offence.
GRAY - GUILTY. Aged 10.
SWEENEY - GUILTY. Aged 10.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
