





756. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROBINSON, alias 
MYERS





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Dame


                           Caroline 
                           Briscoe
                        



                     
                  , widow, about the hour of six in the forenoon of the 11th of July
, and stealing therein three silver spoons, value 10 s. and one-knife, value 3 s. the property of Dame 
                     
                        Caroline 
                        Briscoe
                     



                  ; a case, value 6 d. a pencil-case, value 18 d. a ring, value 3 s. a gold ear-ring, value 2 s. a pin, value 1 s. and two shillings in monies, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Miles
                        



.
LADY BRISCOE. Q. What is your Christian name - A. Caroline Alicia. I am a widow. I live at 40, Southampton-row, in the parish of St. George Bloomsbury


; the whole house is my own.
Q. Were you dwelling there the morning this affair happened - A. I was, and at home at that time.


                  HENRY 
                  CHAVE
               



            . I live in Southampton-row; I keep a hotel two doors from Lady Briscoe's house.
Q. What morning was it that you observed the prisoner and any other person - A. The morning of last Sunday week.
Q. What first drew your attention to them - A. Some conversation I heard in the street; I was induced to look out for my own safety; I saw several persons walking; I saw the prisoner there; another person was with him; they were talking under my window; they were watching about, walking backwards and forwards; I thought they were no good. I saw the person that was with the prisoner, he went and unlocked the gate, came under my window again, and the prisoner went very diligently and opened the area-gate; he went down the area-steps; I watched him close for about five minutes; I then put on my clothes, and down I went; I opened my door, and out I went to the person in company with the prisoner; I said what are you; he said he was calling the servant up. I said, I will soon see what you are about; he ran away; he was off in an instant; I went down Lady Briscoe's steps, and went into the kitchen. I hollooed out holloo, what are you, who are you; in about a minute I heard the prisoner running along the passage, over my head; I saw him coming out of the front door; I called out to the people coming along opposite, to stop him; I saw him running as fast as he could; he then crossed the way; I kept as close to him as possibly I could; I pursued him; he went into Southampton-court, that court leads into Queen-square; a man stopped him between the posts.
Q. What time in the morning was this - A. The time he stopped him was about twenty minutes after six. It was broad day light.
COURT. The sun arose before four, you had an opportunity of seeing him before he went into Lady Briscoe's house so as to see his person minutely - A. I had a particular view of him just as I might be looking at you.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him from the time he ran away until he was stopped - A. Yes, I lost sight of him about half a minute; there was no person intervening but the person that stopped him. I lost sight of him when he turned the conter. When I saw him I was sure he was the same person; I had been watching him a quarter an hour. I saw him searched; when I went down in the kitchen I saw some keys taken out of his pocket, thirty skeleton keys, and a small crow.
Q. When you went down in the kitchen tell us what you saw, and where - A. The kitchen was dark except at the door where he entered; I saw a knife and three silver tea-spoons laying on the dresser in the front kitchen close to the door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIND
               



            . I am a servant to Lady Briscoe.
Q. On the Saturday night before this robbery happened had you fastened up the house - A. Yes.
Q. Had you gone out that morning before this breaking in was effected - A. Yes, out of the kitchen door, and up the area steps, and out of the area gate. When I went out I locked both the doors after me. I went out just after the clock struck six.
Q. Look at the things, the spoons and the knife, whose property are they - A. Lady Briscoe's. The spoons are for the use of the servants in the kitchen; they were in the cook's care; Elizabeth Miles has the washing them up and the putting them away. I know the knife; that is lady Briscoe's.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MILES
               



            . I am in Lady Briscoe's service.
Q. Look at these spoons; can you recollect they being in your hands the night before; that is, on the Saturday - A. Yes; I put them in the cupboard the night before, I suppose about seven o'clock after I had my tea. They were never taken out all that evening. That cupboard is never locked. The knife I believe was in the cupboard; I know the spoons were.
Q. Now look at the things in the little case, whose property are they - A. They belong to me. The case and the silver pencil case, a silver thimble, a good



                  MARY 
                  MALING
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Maling
               



            ; I live just by the Maypole side, in Barking, Essex. I come to London to sell poultry occasionally. On the 29th of July I was selling poultry in Whitechapel at the corner of Winfield-street.
Q. Did you observe the prisoner near you part of the time - A. Yes.
Q. Had you any thing to do with a gentleman of the name of Sims - A. Yes; I sold him sixteen chickens, and took two one-pound notes of him. I at that time had a one-pound note in my purse; that two pound made three. After I had dealt with Mr. Sims I put it into my bosom, and when I came to Petticoat-lane I had my purse in my bosom until I came to Winfield-street. Mr. Sims bought the Poultry at his house near Sun-tavern fields, and when I got to Winfield-street I sold two geese to a man; I took a one pound note of him; then I had four pounds. I took the purse out of my bosom, put the note in my purse, and put the purse into my pocket. After I had done so I saw the prisoner near me; I sold one chicken to a woman that keeps a green-stall. I put my hand into my pocket to take my purse out to put the shillings in; I missed my purse.
Q. Was the prisoner near you when you missed your purse - A. No; he was gone when I missed it. I judged the man that bought the two geese. I judged that he must know where my purse was.
Q. How soon was the prisoner taken after you missed your purse - A. About half an hour; he was brought into Winfield-street, where I was; he was searched; there was found upon him five one-pound notes; I had but four; they were altogether in his pocket.
Q. Have you sworn to the notes - A. No. Mr. Sims was sent for at the magistrate's.
Q. Are you quite sure that the note that you had of Mr. Sims was in your purse when your purse was taken away - A. Yes, and I put my purse safe into my pocket.


                  SIMON 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I am an headborough of Whitechapel parish. I took the prisoner in Winfield-street, adjoining Petticoat-lane. I took him to a neighbour's house, and searched him along with the prosecutrix. I found five one-pound notes upon him. These are the notes; they are all one parcel, folded up just the same as they are now. Another man took the prisoner in hold for me.
Mr. Knapp, Q. to Prosecutrix. Had you charged any body else with taking the notes - A. I told the man that bought the geese it was likely he must see the purse, or know of the taking it. When I accused that man he went into a place where the men were gambling, and picked the boy out, and held him until the constable went and took him.


                  JACOB 
                  SIMS
               



            . I live in Sun-tavern fields. I am a rope-maker.
Q. Did you, on the morning of the 9th of July deal with the prosecutrix for any poultry - A. I did. I shall know a note again that I paid her. This is the note, 25960; that is one of the two notes that I paid her. I know that note by the date and the number, and my name is also on it.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did you ever part with the notes that Mr. Sims paid you - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I took four of the five pound notes a week before. I took the fifth note of a gentleman that bought six pottles of strawberries of me. He gave me a one pound note; I gave him fourteen shillings change.
Q. to Solomon. Did the prisoner say to you how he got these notes - A. He said he found them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
