







1277. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOCK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLEBECK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jeffreys
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . I have some unfinished houses in College-street, Camden-town


; I lost the lead from the gutters.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 17th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was informed three boys had gone into the vaults of these houses. I watched there a considerable time, at last one boy came up to the top of the vault, looked out, saw me watching, came towards me, and sat down on the ground; he went back again, and was there a considerable time. I afterwards saw three boys come out of the vaults with their clothes unbuttoned - I laid hold of them all, called for assistance; a man came and tied their hands together. I went into the vault, and there found the three prisoners, with six pieces of lead, partly covered over with bricks and dirt. I secured them also, and with assistance took them to the watch-house. On my road to the watch-house Pearce said he would tell all he knew about it. They were committed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I went to bathe with my brother, a boy threw stones at me, and ran down to the building; I went down, and saw the prisoners, Lawrence was on the rafters, conveying the lead down to the other two, Colebeck helped him, Lock cut it, bent it up, and covered it over.
LAWRENCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
LOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COLEBECK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Six Months
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
