






544. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BOWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of April
, a handkerchief, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Daffin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAFFIN
               



            . I am a warehouseman
, in Silver-street, Wood-street. On the 2nd of April, I lost my handkerchief from my pocket, I was just coming out the gates of Shoreditch Church


, I had been at service in Shoreditch Church, there was a considerable crowd there, and the Duke of Kent; it was a 
               
                  Charity 
                  Sermon
               



             for the Sunday School Society; I had occasion to use my handkerchief while I was at the service; I felt my handkerchief go from my pocket, I turned round as soon as I could for the crowd, and saw my handkerchief lay at the prisoner's feet; the constable had got hold of the prisoner; my handkerchief is worth seven or eight shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I was at Shoreditch Church on this day. I watched the prisoner's notions a long time; I saw him attempt a number of gentleman's pockets; I see him put his hand into the prosecutor's right hand pocket, and pull his handkerchief out; I instantly seized him by the collar, and tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and told him he had lost his handkerchief; the prisoner dropped the handkerchief; I picked it up in the presence of the prosecutor. I searched the prisoner; I found three handkerchiefs in his possession; this is the handkerchief he took out of the prosecutor's pocket.
Q. To Prosecutor. Is that your handkerchief - A. It is.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
