





1292. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAZELY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 13 lbs. of lead, value 18 d., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hughes
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, and one fixture (i.e.) one brass cock, value 6 d., his property, and fixed to the said dwelling-house, he having no title to the same
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be stolen from a building of the said 
               
                  Edward 
                  Hughes
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I have two houses in Duval's-lane, Islington


, the keys of which I left with Mrs. Humphries. On the 14th of September I went with a gentleman to show him the premises, and found the lead pipe taken from the yard, as also the cock which was attached to it - it was fixed to the house; I found it at Worship-street a few days after, and compared it with the remainder of the pipe, it tallied.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 13th of September as Hunt's mob was coming into town, I followed the prisoner to Cross-street, Islington, with another; theycarried the lead by turns in a bag. I asked the prisoner what was in the bag? the other said it was old iron, and put the bag down; I went to look into it and he ran off, I secured the prisoner. I found the lead and a little old iron in it - they were in company together when I first saw them. It was about twelve o'clock in the day.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I was left in care of the house. I saw the pipe in its proper state at ten o'clock that morning.
Prisoner's Defence. The boy offered me a few halfpence to carry it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
