





793. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     UPCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, a coach glass, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKLEAN
               



            . I am a coachman; I live with Mr. Wilson; I drive for him; he lives at an hotel; he is a Yorkshire gentleman. The coach belongs to Mr. Collingridge.
Q. Did you lose any glass from the coach - A. Yes, on the 17th of June, a little before twelve at night, at Drury-lane


. I was waiting to take my master home. I had been waiting better than an hour.
Q. Are you quite sure the coach-glasses were all safe when you came to take up your master - A. Yes. I did not see the glasses taken away. When I moved I saw the coach door open; I got down to see whether all was right, and the glass was gone. It is a plate glass; it is worth ten shillings. I saw the glass again in two or three days afterwards at the office, and the prisoner then was in custody. I know it to be my master's glass.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street office.
Q. Did you see the prisoner near the play-house - A. Yes, and I have seen him at the watering-house in Charles-street; he is one of the cadee's to hackney coachmen. On the evening of the 17th, I was watching him and two more in his company some time; they were hanging about the carriages. I saw the prisoner go to the carriage door, and take the glass out. I was looking through the spokes of a hackney coach wheel; I saw him take the glass; he put the glass under his coat, and walked away; the other two walked away from him. He was between the carriages, towards Covent Garden. I pursued him, and got up to him; I laid hold of him at the end of Russell-street, the end nearest Covent Garden; he made way for me to pass him; I told him I did not want to go by; I wanted to see what he had got under his coat. I took it from him. I said, it is a glass; he said, no, it cannot be a glass. I took him by the collar with one hand, and the glass in the other. At the corner of Bow-street he resisted. The hackney coachmen at the end of Bow-street formed a line to prevent me from going by, and attempted to break the glass. This is the glass. I got him into the Bunch of Grapes, and secured him. I gave the glass to the landlady; she ran down stairs with it, or else the glass would have been broke.
Q. You perhaps did not know the very carriage again from whence it was taken - A. No, I did not. I made it known to all the coachmen, and the man appeared and claimed the glass for Mr. Wilson.
Prisoner's Defence. He has taken a false oath; he did not see me take it out of the carriage.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
