






56. 
               
                  
                     ZOORTESTOODO 
                     SANTO
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCISCO 
                     PERARA
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, a watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Morris
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BLANEY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  George 
                  Morris
               



            , silversmith and watchmaker
, 120, Minories


. On the 17th of November, about a quarter after five in the afternoon, the prisoners came to our shop, Perara spoke, he said, this man wants to buy one watch, they could speak English very well when they came to our house; I asked them what price, the reply was four pounds or four guineas; I took them one out of the window at four guineas, and Santo looked at it, then I introduced two on the counter, which made three watches at four guineas; after looking at it some time he said he could not hear how it went, I told him he had better go to the bottom of the shop, which he did and while I was there Perara asked the lad standing in the shop to shew him another watch out of the window, I made a motion to the lad with my hand not to do it. When Santo and myself came to the window again Perara asked me if I would shew him one at two pound ten shillings; I shewed him one at two guineas and a half; after some time looking at it he offered me two guineas for it; I told him that was too little; he then endeavoured to secrete it down the sleeve of his coat; I took the watch from him and told him that was not the way to use the watch; I then laid it on the counter, he then offered two pound three shillings for it, and took it up in his hand; I told him that was too little, he then put the watch down on the counter, in about two minutes; he slid out of the shop, I instantly missed one of the four guinea watches, I told 
               
                  William 
                  Godfrey
               



             that was standing by to jump over the counter and look for the short man, Perara, I had missed one of the four guinea watches. Directly he was gone Santo pointed to one of the bills of the four guinea watches, and said you want for this watch five guineas, I said no, but four; the lad then returned and said he could not see any thing of Perara, the lad coming in at the door prevented Santo from going out, I then jumped over the counter myself, and laid hold of him by the jacket, but before I could speak he said, me no got the watch. I was induced by him to go three or four doors down the street, because I understood the man was gone in the stocking shop; when I came there I found he was not there, I then told him he must go back with me, when I requested him so to do he pushed me off the pavement, I had still got hold of his jacket; I pushed him on the pavement again, but finding I had no one to assist, he pushed me into the road, and there knockedme down, by the fall I tore his jacket from the top to the bottom, and knocked his her off, and by so doing I lost my hold of him, he then ran away; I instantly got up and called out stop thief, he ran down Goodman's-yard, and ran up a very intricate place; he ran up a corner, I then thought I had got the man again, I went to lay hold of him, he knocked me down again and made a spring from me some few yards, but two persons coming up he was secured and brought back to the shop; I then sent for an officer to search him, he was searched, and there was found upon him five shillings and an halfpenny, and two clasp knives. He was then taken to the watch-house. The watch has been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Morris in the Minories. On the 17th of November, a quarter past five, Santo and Perara came into my master's shop, Perara introduced Santo as being a man that wanted to buy a watch, Mr. Blaney asked him the price, he replied four pounds, or four guineas; I saw Mr. Blaney take one from the window first, and then took two more at four guineas each, they were produced on the counter. I saw Santo go down the shop to observe the motion of the watch, then he returned to the counter again; after he returned to the counter he leaned down and obscured the light of the lamp in the window, then he laid down the watch on the counter again. Perara asked Mr. Blaney if he had a watch he could sell him for two pound ten shillings; he shewed him one at two guineas and a half, Perara then bid him two pound, and advanced three shillings; Mr. Blaney told him he could not take that; he observed him using the watch very roughly endeavouring to conceal it up the cuff of his jacket, he laid it down and slid to the door. After he was gone about two minutes or rather better the watch was missed, Mr. Blaney desired me to jump over the counter to go in search of Perara; I jumped over the counter and went to the centre of the window, I could not see Perara; I returned and told Mr. Blaney I could not see any thing of him. When Santo found Perara was gone I saw him take up the four guinea bill of the watch that laid on the counter, he then said that watch was five guineas that was by the side of the bill; Mr. Blaney told him four guineas; he was then walking to the door, making motions that it would not do, my being at the door when Santo attempted to go away, obstructed him in endeavouring to make his escape; Mr. Blaney saw him endeavouring to make his escape, jumped over the counter, and laid hold of Santo's jacket, and before he could say any thing Santo said, me no got the watch; he then said he would shew us where Perara was; I saw them go a door or two distant, and by the motion of Mr. Blaney I saw he wanted to bring him back; I saw Santo push Mr. Blaney off the curb, and in about one minute he made his escape into the middle of the road, I am sure both the prisoners at the bar are the men, I can swear to both of them.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLY
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Mr. Morris's in the Minories on Saturday the 17th between five and six o'clock, Santo was in the shop, I searched his pockets, and found one dollar, I enquired of him what he had done with the watch, going to the watchhouse he told me Perara desired him to go with him and purchase a watch. Perara was taken on Saturday night for stealing a Flushing jacket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEEBY
               



            . On Monday the 12th of November last Perara was brought to the office in Lambeth-street, and another man for stealing a Flushing jacket from a shop, the headborough that brought him up told me that he understood he had a watch about him; I searched Perara, underneath his trowsers knee I found a watch, I went to Mr. Morris's, they claimed the watch.
Blaney. This is the watch, here is my own hand-writing on the watch paper.
Perara's Defence. I never was in the shop, I bought the watch of another seaman.
Santo's Defence. Perara desired me to go along with him to buy a watch, I did not know that he had stolen a watch nor what his intention was.
SANTO, GUILTY, aged 33.
PERARA, GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
