





240. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Sophia 
                           Barnet
                        



                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 11th of November
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, nine yards of bombazeen, value 1l. 8s. 6d.; two yards of cotton, value 2s. 3d.; one yard of calico, value 10d.; one yard of muslin, value 3s.; and one handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnett
                  



               
            .
SOPHIA BARNETT. I am the wife
 of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barnett
               



            , we live in Bedford-road, Bethnal-green. On the 11th of November, about twenty minutes after five o'clock, I was at the corner of King's Head-court, Beach-street, Barbican


, with Zagnane, going home; I had a bundle, containing the articles stated in the indictment, in a yellow handkerchief; a man on my left pushed me into the kennel, and snatched the parcel from my arm-it laid across my arm, I held it with my hand, I did not fall - He did not use any violence to get it from me - He ran up King's Headcourt, I followed him, I was very near him - He turned round and struck at me, but did not hit me; I turned back, and lost him; he had the parcel under his coat; two men were engaged in it. I went to Van, and described him-the prisoner was taken seven weeks after.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             ZAGNANE. I live with Mrs. Barnett, and was with her on the night of the robbery. Somebody pushed her off the pavement, at the corner of King's Head-court - I did not see the parcel taken - She cried out - I had observed Porter follow us.
GEORGE PORTER. I live in Blides-court, Whitecross-street. On Tuesday, the 11th of November, I was in a coffee-shop in Chequer-alley, about one o'clock-the prisoner came in - I said I would go and take a walk-hewas a stranger to me; we went out together over Blackfriars-bridge to a public-house, and staid there about two hours; I then said I must go - We both left together. When we got into Beach-street, the two ladies were before us, at the corner of King's Head-court; the prisoner shoved the prosecutrix into the kennel, and snatched the bundle out of her hand; I did not know he was going to do it - He was about six yards from me; the ladies, and several other persons, ran after him - I went away.
Q. You did not attempt to pursue - A. No, I was as had as him. I went to the coffee-shop-the people were talking about his being there with a bundle under his coat - I did not see him - I came out-the prisoner called to me, I went into the yard to him - He had the bundle under his coat; the little girl belonging to the house opened the door; he said, "Here they come;" she went in; I went to a house with him, and sold it for 5s. 6d.; I do not know the woman's name, I showed the officers where it was; the prisoner treated me with a pot of beer - I slept with him that night. I had none of the money - I was taken up for it, and told this then.
ELIZA NELSON. I live at the coffee-shop, in Chequeralley. I saw the prisoner and Porter together in the yard, about six o'clock; Porter had the bundle under his arm; the prisoner said, "Here she comes;" I had heard of the robbery; they ran under the bench, and got out of the yard through the next house; they both came into the house together; my mother sent them out - They were both in the house together that morning; the bundle was in a yellow handkerchief.


                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live in Adam and Eve-court, Whitecross-street. I saw the prisoner run into the Swan, public-house, in Whitecross-street, about a quarter before five o'clock on the 11th of November, with a yellow bundle under his coat - I knew him before.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of November the prosecutrix informed me of the robbery. On the 30th of December I took the prisoner in Type-street; he saw me, and ran away as fast as he could, I stopped him; he knew me very well; he took me to a house in Wentworth-street, where he said he sold the things. Porter was taken up soon after, and said that that was the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I was with Van, and confirm his testimony. The prisoner said that Porter had part of the money.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               Stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant
