







585. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     SALMON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     Sarah
                   the wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Johnson
                     



                  , on the 12th of April
, and taking from her person a watch, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Johnson
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On the 12th of April a watch was forcibly taken from Mrs. Johnson in Kensington Gardens


. After it was taken from her I exclaimed there were thieves, and withdrew. I gave information to one of the constables, and the prisoners was immediately taken into custody.
Q. You did not see it taken, did you - A. No. I heard the rip at her side. The key dropped on the ground; I picked it up.


                     SARAH 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
            . I am the wife of the last witness. I was in Kensington Gardens with Mr. Johnson; there was a great crowd close to the palace; I found somebody trying to pull my watch from my side. I said, good God, my watch is gone; before really it was gone; still the hand gave it a sudden jerk, and took it away, but I cannot say who it was. I saw all the prisoners there. I should not have recollected them, only I saw them pass several times. I saw a great many of them there, and I was astonished that mechanical persons should be suffered to be there on such an occasion. On Thursday I saw the prisoners again; they were brought up at Bow-streetoffice all three. I knew their countenances again as men whom I had seen and having been near to me, and near to the palace, and at this time I remember the faces of them all, having seen them on that Monday in Kensington Gardens; the prisoners were so near me they could have taken my watch; they brushed me. I cannot speak to any one taking my watch.


                  JAMES 
                  BIRKETT
               



            . I am a printer.
Q. Were you near the palace on the day that Mrs. Johnson has been speaking of - A. I was in the crowd at the time; I heard Mrs. Johnson say she had lost her watch. I discovered I had lost my pocket handkerchief. Johnson, the officer, told me he knew who had got my pocket handkerchief; he pointed out Wilson to me; he was in company with the other two prisoners. I immediately told Johnson that I believed the person whose name is Wilson had got the watch. I saw all the three prisoners together. Wilson was close by Mrs. Johnson at the time.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a city officer. On the 12th of April the Lord Mayor went to address the Princess Regent in Kensington Gardens. I saw the three prisoners in the Gardens, facing the princesses windows, near the palace. I saw the three prisoner's altogether, and knowing 
               Wilson
             I watched him closely. I saw Wilson and Clark attempt several people's pockets. I saw Mrs. Johnson, and heard her say she had lost her watch. I was not close enough to see which of the prisoners it was that took the watch, and seeing Wilson leave Mrs. 
               Johnson
             I followed him. He had not got three yards before he picked Mr. Birkett's pocket. I told Mr. Birkett to keep his eye on him. I immediately went to Bacon's party at the front gate. I got Hooker and Westcoat to come and assist me; they are officers; and as I was coming to the mob I told 
               
                  George 
                  Bennett
               



             likewise to watch, as the prisoners were making away. I told Mr. Bacon I would thank him to give me some assistance, as there was a party of thieves, I suspected them to have a gold watch upon them, and several other articles. Westcoat and Hooker came with me; we overtook the prisoners just before they got out of Kensington Gardens, all three together. We searched them a little in the Gardens; we felt in their pockets, and found several handkerchiefs on Wilson, and then I told Wilson we had better take them to a place where we could search them strictly. We took them to the Nag's Head public-house, Knightsbridge; we searched Wilson first; we stripped him; in his breeches we found the gold watch.
- WESTCOAT. I produce the watch; I found it on Wilson, and this handkerchief in his hat. I said to Wilson, there has been a lady robbed of a gold watch, do you know any thing of it; he said, I do not. I then said, I must take the liberty of searching you. I found this watch up in his breeches fob. He said he picked the watch up in the gardens. I told him it was the watch that I wanted. I searched Salmon; I found nothing upon him. I searched Clark; in his pocket I found this gold seal; he said it was his own; he had it a long time. I then asked him what was the cypher upon the seal; he said, H. The cypher is S C upon the seal.


                  JOHN 
                  BANNETT
               



            . On this morning I was in company with Johnson in Kensington Gardens. At the time the princess appeared at the window the crowd was so great we were separated, during which time I saw all the three prisoners together. Wilson and 
               Clark
             I had known before by sight, and when I came to Johnson again he told me a lady had been robbed of her watch, and Birkett of his handkerchief, and that Wilson was suspected to have them both. Considering that we were not able to secure the three, we agreed that he should go to Bacon's party to get assistance. I then followed the prisoners across Kensington Gardens until they came to the Mount, never losing sight of them, where they made a halt some little time, and just as they were proceeding to go out of the gardens, 
               
                  James 
                  Hooker
               



             and Westcoat came up. Westcoat said, which are the men. I immediately took Wilson in custody, and pointed out the other two. They were secured, and after searching them a little in the gardens they were taken to the Nag's Head. The property was found by Westcoat and Johnson.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am an officer. I can only confirm the other officers.
Q. to Mrs. Johnson Look at that watch and seal - A. This is the watch that I had in Kensington Gardens, and that I had taken from my side. It is a gold watch; it is mine, and the seal is mine. It is marked S C, my former name.
WILSON, GUILTY, aged 17.
CLARK, GUILTY, aged 23.
SALMON, GUILTY, aged 23.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .






               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Justice Grose.
