





756. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     COCKING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Tucker
                        




                     
                  , two shillings, eight halfpence, four two pound bank notes, and nine one pound bank notes
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I am a journeyman painter
; I lost this property on Monday, September the 9th; I had been to Bagnigge Wells in the evening with a friend, and my friend accompanied me as far as the Blue Lion, Gray's Inn-lane; he then returned back from me; I proceeded on for home, and the prisoner followed me; I had been drinking more than customary. I fell down near Henry-street, Gray's Inn-lane


; as I lay on the ground I felt somebody rifling my pocket, I called out to the watchman who was going by, that I was robbed, the prisoner made off.The next day I went to Hatton Garden and gave information. In the evening the officer and I went to St. Giles's and took the prisoner at the corner of Dyot-street; the officer searched her and found on her a one pound note, three dollars, and two or three shillings; the note I can swear to. I am sure of her person. I lost seventeen pounds in one and two pound notes.


                  SARAH 
                  WELL
               



            'S. I live in the same house with the prisoner, 32, George-street, formerly called Dyot-street. On the evening of the 9th of September, between twelve and one, I saw the prisoner with several notes which she said a friend gave her.
Q. How many were there - A. I do not know. I heard her say three two's and six one's.


                  MARY 
                  BARNES
               



            . The prisoner lodged in the same house that I did; I saw her the same evening with a number of notes; I changed one of the notes, she made me and another person a present of it.
- ROBINSON. I had a two pound note in my possession; I received it of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Barnes
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, I found a one pound note pinned at the bottom of her petticoat. In her right hand pocket I took three dollars, two three shilling pieces, and three shillings.
Prosecutor. I know the note by the endorsement at the back. I am sure it is my note.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out that evening, I met a person that knew me many years, he made me a present of the notes, and when I bought the things that note was given me in change.



               GUILTY
            , aged 51.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
