





453. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, a mantle, value 30. a bonnet and feather, value 30 s. a pair of stays, value 10 s. a pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. a pair of shoes, value 2 s. a pair of silver clasps, value 10 s. a silver roaster, value 2 s. a pair of sheets, value 6 s. and a pair of shoe bows, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Solomons
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .
MRS. SOLOMONS. I live in Houndsditch. At the time the robbery was committed I lived in Clements-lane


, my husband's name is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Solomons
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
 at the time the robbery was committed, which was Easter Sunday; at that time I had 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson
               



             lodging with me; I had occasion to go out, leaving 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson
               



             and the prisoner in the house by themselves; I left my property in my drawers, and in the bed-room; when I returned the bed-room door, and the drawers were forced open; I had left them locked; I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was the prisoner in the house on your return - A. No, nor Mrs. Johnson. I never saw the prisoner again until last Monday.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I live at Barnet, I keep a second hand shop. On Easter Monday, in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, accompanied by another woman; the other woman came first, and then she went and brought this one; she offered some clothes for sale, and by their appearance I had no doubt they came honestly by them; they gave me a sufficient account as I thought that they came honestly by them, after that I purchased them.
Q. What articles you purchased you gave to the officer afterwards - A. I did. I gave for the articles one pound fifteen shillings; they purchased goods afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 27th of May, I afterwards went to Mrs. Markwell's shop; she produced the things; I have had them ever since. The prisoner owned to taking the things, and said she was guilty, and was sorry for it.
Prosecutrix. I have looked at the things before they are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I lived as lodger with the prosecutrix, I paid her twenty five shillings a week for lodging; I lodged with her before I lived servant with her; I am very sorry for what I have done, but as for breaking a lock open I never did.




               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-five shillings only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
