






280. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CARRUTHERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPEARS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, one box, value 1s., and 64 lbs. of candles, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Robinson
               



            , Sen. and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Robinson
               



            , Jun.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership withThomas Robinson, Sen., we are tallow-chandlers

, and live in St. George's in the East


. The prisoner, Carruthers, was our carman
. On the 20th of December, about nine o'clock in the evening, he went out to get his clothes, he slept in the house - He did not return; I missed the box of candles. On Sunday Lewis called on me; I went with him, and found the prisoner in custody, and the box of candles.


                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Cable-street, Whitechapel. On the 18th of December the prisoner, Spears, came to my shop, and asked the price of a handkerchief; he asked permission to leave two baskets which he had, at my house till the evening - He did not call for them; next morning he came, and said he wanted other things, and that he could serve me with a few candles - I said I had no objection; he left the baskets till next morning. He came again on Saturday night, with a box, containing 64 lbs. of candles; I told him I did not want that quantity; he said they were not all for me; I told him they would not suit me - He went away, I followed about one hundred yards from him. I met Fair and Morris, and informed them; they went with me, and stopped him in Red Lion-street. I had not seen the other prisoner. I went home, and in about half an hour the prisoner, Carruthers, came, and asked if a young man had been there with candles? I said, no; he said he was his partner, and he told him he was coming there, and he not returning, made him come for him. I told him he had better wait, and asked him up stairs. I sent for the officers; he said his name was Thompson, that he lived with Godfrey, a tallow-chandler, in the Commercial-road. The officers came and secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. They were strangers to me. I was tried here twelve months ago, and acquitted.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I believe it was six months ago that I was tried here. I was a witness here three times last Session, and once the Session before. I buy pawnbroker's duplicates.


                  JAMES 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th of December, about nine o'clock in the evening, Lewis gave me information; I followed Spears into Red Lion-street, with a box on his shoulder - I secured him. The box contained candles. I afterwards went to Lewis's house, and took Carruthers.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in taking Spears; he said he was carrying the candles for a man. About three-quarters of an hour after Lewis sent for us; we went and took Carruthers. He said the candles came from Godfrey's, in the Commercial-road, and that he lived with him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARRUTHERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SPEARS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
