





232. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHORTLIFFE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a wooden can, value 5 s. three quarts of gin, value 10 s. a pewter pot, value 2 s. and one pint and a half of gin, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin George 
                     Hodges
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chamberlain
                  



               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GEORGE HODGES
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chamberlain
               



            . We are distiller

s, at Mill-bank. The prisoner was one of our car-men
.
Q. Has each of your carman a bin appropriated to their own use - A. Yes, and each man keeps his own key.
Q. On the evening of the 8th of this month were you present when Goodenough broke open the prisoner's corn bin - A. I was. The corn bin was in the stable. It was locked; and when I had it broken open, I discovered this wooden can, containing three quarts of gin. It is a kind of a pail. We use them wooden cans in the distillery. The men take out gin sometimes with them.
Q. Did you find a pewter pot - A. No, there is a mistake in that. I found nothing else in the corn bin. The prisoner was not on the premises at the time. On the next morning, when he came to work, I had him taken up by Goodenough, and two quart bottles were found upon him. I then went with Goodenough to the prisoner's lodgings. I found there four quart bottles full of gin. I asked the prisoner what he brought the empty bottles for. He said, he had borrowed one of Mrs. Smith, who keeps a public-house, within a few yards of our house. He said he had some gin in a quart pot, underneath the manger of one of the horses. I told him I would go and search for it. I did. I could not find anything there. I returned, and told him I had not found what he described. We then told him what we had found. He said, he thought no harm of taking a drop to drink. He was then taken before the magistrate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Mr. Hodges; his account is correct. This is the gin I found in the bin, and these empty bottles I found in his pocket, and this one of the bottles I found in his cupboard at home.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
