






493. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  BARA 
                  DOMINGO
               



            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of March
, one diamond ring, value 10 l. a fur tippet, value 3 l. three table cloths, value 3 l. three shifts, value 1 l. three napkins, value 3 s. three jackets, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Beaufort
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Partington
                     



.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BEAUFORT
               



            . I am a merchant
; I have been residing in India some years, I brought the two prisoners with me from Bengal, the man as butler
. and the woman as ladies maid
; I took lodgings at No. 6, Lambs-conduit-street


.
Q. On the 10th of March did Mrs. Beaufort miss a ring - A. No, not till the morning of the 11th.
MRS. BEAUFORT. I missed the diamond ring, on the 11th of March; I took it off my finger and laid it on the table on the 6th and missed it on the 11th, I communicated it to Mr. Beaufort, I was present when Powell was called up, he at first denied knowing any thing of it, he afterwards confessed he had found it, I have seen the ring since.
Q. To Mr. Beaufort. In consequence of information, from Mrs. Beaufort, did you inform your servants of your loss - A. I did, Bara Domingo denied any knowledge of the ring; I said, if the ring was not found by Monday morning I would go to Bow-street. On Monday morning I went to the office and got Westbrook, he came to my house, and searched Powell, in his pocket he found this receipt, this receipt was put into my hands, and in Powell's chest he found some duplicates, nothing was found upon the woman.


                  RICHARD 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . I am an officer, I searched Powell, and in his right hand breeches pocket, I found a receipt.
Q. Read it - A. No. 51, Marybone-lane. March 12th, 1815. Received of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Powell
               



             a diamond ring, price eighteen guineas, signed 
               
                  Charles 
                  Henderson
               



            . And in Powell's box I found a quantity of duplicates of articles pledged at Mr. Wood's; I went to Mr. Henderson; and shewed him the receipt, he said, that is my receipt, he gave me the ring, I produce it.
Mrs. Beaufort. That is my diamond ring, I value it at ten pounds.


                  CHARLES 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . On Sunday March the 12th Powell called upon me, he said he had five diamond rings four of which he had sold for nine guineas a piece, he had been offered for the fifth ring eleven guineas, he thought it of more value, and had not sold it; I then said, I had a respectable acquaintance a jeweller, if he would let me have it, I would show it him, he would tell him what he might expect to get for it, he gave it me and I gave him that receipt; I delivered the diamond ring to the officer.
POWELL 

               GUILTY
             aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DOMINGO 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
