






58. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JESSE 
                     SMEED
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, eighty pounds weight of lead, value 12 s.
             the property of our Lord 
               
the King




            . And
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, stating the property to belong to different persons.


                  EDWARD 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . Q. You are the office keeper of these barracks - A. I am, 21, New-street, Spring Gardens


. The two prisoners were plumber

s, they were employed in repairing the premises. On the 28th of November, in the morning, they rang the bell, they were let in; it was quite day light; they called for a candle, I hadsuspicion, I put my clothes on and sent for a constable; there was some lead under my care, I saw Smeed turn the engine in the back area, the engine was near the place where the lead was deposited; I heard Clarke pulling out the lead; I went up stairs and waited for their coming out; the lead was in the back area. I looked out of doors and saw Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Onslow
               



            's servant coming out of his master's house, I called him and asked him to assist me; we waited in the hall till Clarke came up stairs, I asked him what he had been doing of, he said, he had been repairing the engine; I told him I understood that was done before; I caught hold of him by the collar and pulled a screw wrench out of his hand, I asked him where the lead was, he said, down stairs, then Smeed came up and begged for mercy before I spoke to him, he said, pray forgive me this time, I will never do so again; I told them they should stop there till the constable came, and if they offered to stir I would knock them down with the screw wrench. Before the constable came they dropped the lead from each of them; I saw the lead drop, I believe one weighed fifty-two pound and the other twenty-nine pound.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am constable, these are the two pieces of lead I took up where they dropped it in the hall.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a plumber; the lead is worth about fifteen shillings.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Clarke called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Smeed called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
CLARKE, 

               GUILTY
             aged 41.
SMEED, 

               GUILTY
             aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
