





905. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, one hogshead, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Strange
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRANGE
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, No. 2, Bishopsgate-street. I can only prove that the property belongs to my father.
MRS. CUMMINGS. I bought this hogshead of the prisoner. He told me his name was Collins. I am a carman's wife. My husband deals in hogsheads. I live at No. 1, Elbow-court, Trinity-lane. I bought the hogshead in May, the prisoner brought it to the door, as he had done before. I bought it of him, and gave seven shillings and sixpence for it. The next hogshead he brought me, I had him taken up, and when he was taken before the magistrate, he said, his name was Stanley. The prisoner is the man, I am sure of it.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a cooper; I live in Church-lane, Whitechapel. I deal in casks and hogsheads. I bought this hogshead of Mrs. Cummings; I gave her nine shillings for it. My cart took it up, and when I took it to Whitechapel, the hogshead was stopped. I was informed it was stolen; it is now in the yard. It is the same hogshead I bought of Mrs. Cummings.


                  THOMAS 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Strange. This hogshead contained bacon. I took the bacon out of the hogshead; I put it at the warehouse door in Cammomile-street, on the 10th of May; I lost it the same day, and on the same day I found it in Church-lane, Whitechapel. It is now in the yard; I am sure it if my master's hogshead.
JURY. 
               Q. 
            to Mrs. Cummings. How long was it from the time of your purchasing the first hogshead and his bringing the second hogshead - A. The next day. He was not prosecuted then. I am sure he is the same man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLAND
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on Friday last, on a certificate of an indictment being against the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was three days in Goal for the very same hogshead, and tried, and cleared at Guildhall for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
