






978. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     HEPWORTH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LAWES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, forty eight pounds weight of cotton, value 8l.
             the property of 
               
                  Collin 
                  Douglas
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Haynes
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a servant to the prosecutors,who are candlewick cotton manufacturer

s. In consequence of some information, I received directions to watch if Hepworth came to the manufactory. On the morning of the day in the indictment, I saw him come about seven o'clock; Lawes was a warehouseman
 in our manufactory. Hepworth had a bag with him when he went into the warehouse, and when he came out, that bag had something in it; it was quite bulky; I don't know where Lawes was that morning, but it was his duty to be in the warehouse at that time. I communicated this circumstance to the foreman, Cowley, and we followed Hepworth to Battle Bridge, We then went up to him, the bundle was on his shoulder; it did not appear to be very weighty. I asked him what he had got there, and he said cotton, from Mr. Duck, in Golden-lane; he said that there was some more ordered, but he had not the bill with him. We then told him we would go to Mr. Ducks with him, but he refused to carry the bundle, and he threw it off his shoulder. We then went to Mr. Ducks, and he said he knew nothing of the cotton nor the prisoner. The prisoner then said we might have the cotton.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLEY
               



            . I have heard the account of the last witness; as far as I am concerned it is a true account.
WILLIAM DUCKS. I am a tallow chandler in Golden-lane. I know the prisoner Hepworth; I never desired him to bring me any cotton.
HEPWORTH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 41.
LAWES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
