





569. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Collier
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am an officer of his Majesty's ship Sulpher
. On the 7th of June, between eleven and twelve, at the corner of Queen Street


, I felt the handkerchief go, I immediately turned round andcatched hold of the prisoner's hand, the handkerchief was in his hand at that time. He said my handkerchief was hanging out of my pocket, and he was going to give it me. I sent for a constable, and had him secured.
Prisoner. Q. I wish to ask you whether I did not say, Sir, here is your handkerchief hanging out of your pocket, before you turned round. - A. I turned round and caught hold of his arm, then he made that excuse.
Jury. Are you aware that your handkerchief is hanging out now. - A. It might be hanging out a little way then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARRY
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner.
Q. Did you know the person of the prisoner before. A. I never saw him to my knowledge. The prisoner said that his handkerchief was hanging out of his pocket, that he meaned to tell him that he thought he would lose it. I have kept the handkerchief ever since.
Prosecutor. This is the handkerchief I found in the prisoner's hand, it cost me eight shillings, it is worth a shilling.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not intend to rob him. I was going down to Tower Hill, being out of work. I saw this gentleman's handkerchiefs part out of his pocket, I said, you will lose your handkerchief, and when he saw the handkerchief, part in my hand, and the other part in his pocket, he said, you rascal, you intended to take it.
Prosecutor. He had the handkerchief completely in his hand when I turned round to him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
