





1549. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WOLCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, one watch, value 3l.; one chain, value 3d.; two seals, value 1l. 10s.; and one key, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Adams
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN ADAMS. I am a watchcase-maker
, and live in Featherstone-street, St. Luke's. On the 5th of October, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was going up Snowhill; the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to go with her. I told her I was going home, and did not want to go with any person - She got in conversation with me. I left her and crossed the way, going across Smithfield, she kept by my side till I got on the pavement in Long-lane. She wanted to pull me aside - I told her it was of no use, and desired her to let me alone. I walked up Long-lane about fourteen yards, she came up to me again, and kept by my side - I told her to go about her business. At the turning by the Pig-market, she took hold of my arm, pulled me towards the market, and exposed herself in a very indecent manner. I got from her, and went up Long-lane-when I came to Charter-house-street, I thought I would go down there to get rid of her; she turned down the street, followed me about twelve yards and wanted me to go with her - I told her I would not. I went towards the square, the watchman said I could not get through, as the gates were shut. I turned back, and passed her at the corner, to go to the top of Long-lane-she still followed me. I crossed into Barbican, and saw her still following me. When I got to the corner of Golden-lane I lost her, and went to the top of Beech-street. About the middle of Beech-street I had occasion to stop - I did not see her near me. In an instant she came round me, and pushed her hand into my breeches, I said, "You wretch, go about your business, and let me alone!" I got away from her, and in turning round to go into Whitecross-street


, she came on my right-hand side, and in a moment I felt something go from my fob - She ran off immediately. I missed my watch, and said, "You b-h, you have robbed me!" ran after her, and caught her-just at that time two men came in front of her; I called out Watch! he came immediately, and I gave her in charge. I could not find my watch. I am positive that it was safe when I stopped.
WILLIAM HUGHES. I am a watchman. On the 5th of October, about half-past eleven o'clock, I heard the alarm, and saw the prosecutor, with the prisoner in custody - He gave her in charge. I found nothing on her-two men came round her.
Prisoner's Defence. He wanted to behave improperly with me in the street - I would not let him, and he accused me of robbing him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
