





51. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of November


, seventeen hats, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles William 
                           Hick
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Moore 
                           Keates
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ovey
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John Richard 
                           Stipton
                        



                     
                  ; in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Charles 
                        William Hick
                     



.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MOORE KEATES
               



            . I am a hatter



, and live at 61, Cheapside


; I am in partnership with those gentlemen named in the indictment. I had no knowledge that we lost any hats, until the evening of Thursday, the 24th of November, when Mr. Du Val of the Custom Huse, called at our counting-house, and requested me to send some confidental person down to the Custom House, as there was a great number of hats with our names in them, entered for exportation, considerably under value. I went down to the Custom House myself, the following morning, and was not a little surprized to see a great number of hats there, which I knew to be our property, and which I knew could not have gone from our warehouse without the prisoner's knowledge. They were entered considerably under value.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a labouring man. I know the prisoner, Wilson, and have known him for some time; I have carried hats for him several times, to his own house, and to other places to be dressed and cleaned; he lived at No. 3, Goswell street road, Islington road. In November, I took six hat-boxes of hats from Mr. Hick's shop to Wilson's house, and left them there. The next day I carried a bag containing hats from Wilson's house to the house of a man named Joseph, in Monmouth street; that was this day fortnight.
Cross examined by Mr. Gurney. The day before when I carried these six hat-boxes, I did not open them to look in them; and therefore do not know what were their contents.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am a marshalman, and was employed on the 24th of November, to accompany Mr. Keates to the Custom House, respecting a quantity of hats which were entered there  considerably under value, by a person named 
               
                  Gabriel 
                  Jacobs
               



            , whom we took in custody, together with his son, when they arrived at the Custom House, as their answers to certain questions we put to them, were very unsatisfactory. In consequence of evidence, which they gave before the Lord Mayor, a suspicion fell upon somebody else. In consequence of that, two persons were apprehended, and from information they gave, the prisoner, Wilson, was apprehended. A dispute took place at the examination of the prisoner, between himself and a person named Joseph, who was apprehended as a receiver; it was a dispute as to the price which Joseph gave, and the prisoner received for the stolen hats."Joseph said, he paid ten shillings a piece to the prisoner for them, and the prisoner said, he only received eight shillings for each hat."
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WILLAIM HICK
               



            . I am one of the partners in this house. We have been robbed to a very considerable amount, to the amount of some hundreds. The prisoner was a servant of ours; he was our foreman
, and had the whole of the retail business entrusted in his care. He had the taking of hats from the warehouse, as well as the ordering of them from the manufactories, without any controul whatever. On Friday, the 24th of November, sixteen or seventeen hats were brought to the Mansion House, by a man named Drinkwater, and with him a man named Joseph. An examination took place on the Saturday, when a man named Anderson was brought forward, as a witness, and the prisoner was committed in consequence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . On Friday, the 24th of November, I had a warrant to apprehend a man named Jacobs, who lived in Carey street. I could not execute that warrant, as he was not at home; but I went with his daughter to the house of Joseph, at No. 0, Monmouth street. She took a bag from her father's house to bring the hats back again in. Joseph was gone to the Synagogue; at about a little after five he came in; after he had been in about five minutes, the daughter of Jacobs came out with a porter, and this bag of hats. (Producing them.) She gave me the hats, and I took Joseph into custody.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . On the 24th of November, I apprehended the prisoner; I searched him, and found a five pound note, a one pound note, and a silver watch, which I delivered to Mr. Hick, in the presence of the Lord Mayor, to give to the prisoner's wife
Mr. Hick. I was present during this dispute which took place between the prisoner and Joseph. The dispute was whether Joseph had paid the prisoner ten shillings or eight shillings a piece for the hats."Joseph said he paid ten shillings, and the prisoner said, he only received eight shillings for those he had sent on the Friday morning, and he had given him one in." I reside in this house; it is my dwelling house.
Mr. Gurney, as counsel for the prisoner, called several witnesses to his character.
GUILTY, aged 38,




               Of stealing to the amount of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
