





791. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Green
                     




                  , an eighteen-penny stamp, and a bill of exchange for twenty-one pound, ten shillings and four pence
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a dealer in cottons
. I live in Field-lane. I lost a stamp paper and a bill of exchange from my pocket. I believe it was on the 6th of September.
Q. What day of the week was it - A. I rather think it was the seventh; it was on the Monday. In September I was in Bartholomew-fair


; that was the last day of the fair, about eight in the evening. When I went into the fair I had a bill of exchange of twenty-one pound, ten shillings and four pence, and an eighteen-penny stamp paper, in my pocket-book.
Q. Are you quite sure that you had it when you set off from your own home - A. I am.
Q. How long had you been in the fair, when any thing happened to you which induced you to suspect your pocket had been picked - A. About an hour. When I got out of the mob, I felt in my pocket and found my pocket-book was gone. There was a great mob by Bartholomew coffee-house, just by the Hospital. I was very much crowded there, and when I got to Long-lane, the end next to Smithfield, I felt in my pocket and missed my pocket-book.
Q. Now, being in the crowd, were you able to distinguish the person of the prisoner. - A No; I do not recollect seeing him.
Q.Did you ever see your pocket-book again - A. No; I saw the bill of exchange and stamp paper since, in the hands of the constable; his name is Hutchins. I knew the bill of exchange when I saw it again.
- HUTCHINS. I am a constable of St Luke's, Middlesex. I took the prisoner to custody for stealing a watch on the 12th of September. I found in the room that he lodged this bill of exchange, and the eighteen-penny stamp paper. I took him out of bed; in that room there were two young women, one was in bed. I knew it was his lodging; the landlady said it was. I rent the bottom part of that house. I knew that was his room; I have seen him there all hours in the day, and night likewise. I found the bill of exchange and the stamp paper under a tumbler-glass on the mantle-piece. One of the young women constantly lived with him there, and has done for three weeks.
Q. Did the other young woman, who was in the room, lodge in the house - A. No.
Q. Did you say any thing, to him about these papers - A. I asked him whether they belonged to him, he said, they did. I asked him what he called them; he said, waste paper. I then took him in custody. I was not in the fair at the time he was there. I afterwards shewed them to Mr. Green; he claimed them.
JAMES MILLER. I am an officer of St. Luke's. I was present when the prisoner was apprehended. I was with Hutchins. We took him in bed. I was present when Hutchins found the papers in the same room, under the glass on the mantle-piece.
Q. Did you know his person before - A. I cannot say I did.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am a watchman. I was with Hutchins when the prisoner was taken. I have heard what they said, it is correct. I have nothing further to add.
Prisoner. As for me keeping the room; it is false. I only slept with that young woman two or three times. The papers are not mine.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN FREEMAN
               



            . I am a shoe-binder.
Q. Were you present at the time the officers came to take up that young man - A. I was.
Q. You are not the young woman that he was in bed with - A. I am sister-in-law to the prisoner. My mother had two husbands. I am by the first; my name never was Collard.
Q.You were present at the time the officers came - A. I was. They came about half past seven in the morning. I was going to my work. The officers came in and took my brother out of bed.
COURT. Recollect, this young man is your half brother - A. Yes.
Q. Be sure you speak nothing but the truth - A. I will not.
Q. Who was in the room when your brother was taken - A. A young woman.
Q. Whom did the room belong to - A. The young woman to whom I gave the night before some duplicates to take care of.
Q. What is that young woman's name - A. She goes by the name of Mary.
Q. How long have you known her - A. A fortnight or three weeks, by sight. I only know her name is Mary. My brother used to go to her sometimes.
Q. What is your brother by business - A. A jeweller.
Q. Where was your brother's home mostly - A. At his father's.
Q. Had he any room to himself - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. You must know one way or the other - A. He slept in the same room with his father; they had but one room: that was his constant home. He had no other room.
Q. Is your mother living - A. Yes, she is.
Q. And he sleeping in the same room with your father and mother - A. No, my mother does not live with him.
Q. Then your mother married this young man's father - A. Yes.
Q. Where do you live - A. I live in the next court to Gloucester-court in White-cross-street.
Q. Do you mean to swear that the prisoner slept in the same room with his father - A. Yes.
Q. And was your father's place of abode his place to work and sleep - A. Yes.
Q. Where do you live - A. I cannot really tell the name of the court; it is the next court to Gloucester-court in White-cross-street. I lodge with a young woman, her name is Taylor. I have lived there a fortnight or better.
Q. You were in the room when these papers were found by the officer - A. I was; they were found on the mantle piece by the fire-place. Hutchins, the officer, found them.
Q. When he found them, were there other papers by them - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Where was your brother when he found them - A. Getting out of bed to put on his clothes. When the officer opened the papers, he asked my brother, what they were. My brother said, he did not know what they were; they were waste paper for what he knew.
Q. Did your brother make any observation - A. None.
Q. Do you know whether your brother can read or write - A. He cannot. He has a very bad father.
Q. Whom he lives with still, aye - A. Yes.
Q. You know for certainty, that your brother cannot either read or write - A. No, he cannot. The officer that found them; he said, if you do not know what they are, I do, and I shall take them into my possession.
Q. Now, young woman, did not the officer ask him whose papers they were - A. No, he did not.
Q. Do you swear that no one of the officers asked him, to whom them papers belonged - A. They did not.
Q. Do you mean to swear that he did not say, they did not belong to him - A. He did not.
Q. This was half past seven in the morning - A. Yes.
Q. How long had you been in that room - A. I had been in the room the space of three minutes before they came up.
Q. Did you see this young man and woman in bed together; is that the sort of young women you go to visit - A. No, Sir, I did not go to visit. I left my tickets with her the over night, because I could not get into my lodgings after I come home from my work.
Q. Had you been out all night - A. No.
Q.Where had you been - A. When I first went home I could not get in. I went home at nine o'clock, they were out; and I left the tickets with her for fear I should lose them.
Q. Does not the young woman go by the name of Collard - A. No.
Q. Have not you heard her called by the name of Collard - A. No.
Q. Will you swear that - A. Yes.
Q. Did you expect to find your brother there - A. No.
Q. You were quite surprised - A. I was not surprised. I knew he did go there.
Q. Who paid the rent of that room - A. I don't know.
Q. Do not you know that was your brother's room, and he rented it of Mrs. Ford - A. No.
Q. Where did you say was the court you lived in - A. I told you I cannot recollect the name of the court. I live in the next court to Gloucester-court.
Q. You know the name of the court surely; what part of the town is it in - A. In White-cross-street, the next court to Gloucester-court. I live in the three pair of stairs.
Q. What is the name you go by there - A.Sarah 
               
                  Ann 
                  Freeman
               



            . I have been called by several names.
HUTCHINS. She lived with a man of the name of Thorn, a noted thief.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ann Freeman
               



            . Have not you been called by the name of Thorn - A. I have been called by the name of Thorn; but he is not my husband. I am not with him.
Q. How many times has Thorn been in custody short of half a dozen - A. I cannot say.
Q. Has he been in custody twice - A. I know he has been once; I cannot say for twice.
Q. Has he been in the room which you inhabit - A. He has been in it; but he has not slept in it.
Q. I did not ask you that. How could you possibly dare to come into a court of justice. How long have you been called by the name of Thorn - A. No great while.
Q. How long - A. I suppose six or seven or eight months.
Q. Now, Collard is your half brother; besides, Freeman, Collard, and Thorn, how many other names have you gone by - A. No other.
Q. Where is Thorn now - A. I do not know.

 Q. Where was he yesterday - A. I don't know. I have not seen him since this day week; then I saw him in White-cross-street. He was in my company in the street. The young woman that I live with, her name is Taylor.
Q. Does not she go by any other name - A. No; we both sleep in the same bed.
Q. Do not you know that your brother was frequent in the room where this young woman was; this room that the officers came into - A. No.
Q. You say your brother had a bad father; how do you know that he slept there - A.Because, I have seen him come out of the house; it is about a fortnight or three weeks ago since I saw him come out.
Q. Do you mean to say of your own knowledge that you know he slept in your father's room - A. I am sure he has; because, when my little sister came to me, I have said, is your brother up; and she said, no.


                  MARY 
                  FEATHERDAY
               



            . I live in White-cross-street, Chequer-alley.
Mr. Adolphus. Of whom did you take that room - A. Of Mrs. Pool. I took it about five weeks ago.
COURT. Q. to Hutchins. Is that the place you have been speaking of - A. Yes.
Q. to Featherday. Do you know Hutchins - A. Yes, his shop is under.
Q. You took the room of Mrs. Ford - A. I took the room, and paid the rent. He did not take the room.
Q. Now, young woman, be careful, this will be taken down. Do you mean to swear that you bargained with Mrs. Ford, and that you paid the rent out of your own pocket, and out of your own earnings. You took the room, when was it.
Mr. Adolphus. About five weeks ago, she said.
Mr. Adolphus. You say you paid for it out of your own earnings; part of your earnings came from good-natured gentlemen - A. Yes, sir; I am an unfortunate girl, I get my living by going with gentlemen.
Q. Did you, at any time, lately happen to meet with a gentleman who gave you a paper instead of silver - A. Yes, I did, in fair time.
Q. What did you do with the paper he gave you - - A. I took it.
Q. Did he give you a thing that you thought to be a bank-note that turned out to be a Fleet-note, did it not - A. Yes; and I found some papers at the door. The young man slept with me that gave me the note.
Q. Had any body else been in the room besides that young man - A. No.
Q. He left you, and you thought it to be a one pound note - A. Yes.
Q. What did you do with the papers when you found them - A. I picked up the papers. I did not think them of any consequence; I left them there in case he should call again.
Q. Where did you put them, under a beer-glass, or any thing - A. No; they were behind a vinegar-cruet.
COURT. Not behind any glass - A. No.
Mr. Adolphus. Had they been there some days before the officers came and took the young man - A. They had been there about two or three days before.
Q. How long have you known that young man - A. I only know him by sleeping with him sometimes, a night in a week.
Q. How long has that intercourse been - A. Several weeks.
COURT. Do you mean to say that you have not been acquainted with him more than several weeks - A. No, sir, I have not.
Q. He was in bed that night the officers came with you - A. Yes; but he had not been there before since the Saturday night before.
Q. Did he know any thing of these papers on the mantle-piece - A. No; he knew nothing at all about them.
Q. Were you in the room when the officer challenged him about them - A. Yes.
Q. Be very cautious what you say; three officers were present.
Mr. Adolphus. They may contradict you, therefore be very cautious. Then, what did the officers say when they went up to the young man - A. The officers asked him, what they were; he said, he did not know, they were some waste papers.
Q. Did they ask him what they were - A. No, they did not; the officer said, if he did not, he did.
Q. Did the young man say they were his - A. No, he did not.
Q. Did you claim them as yours - A. No, I did not say a word about them.
COURT. Now, young woman, how long have you been acquainted with the last young woman, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Freeman
               



             - A. I have not been acquainted with her no more than going along the street.
Q. What is she? is she an unfortunate girl like yourself - A. I don't know what she is.
Q. I ask you, whether she is an unfortunate girl like yourself; you do not know the meaning of an unfortunate girl do you - A. Yes I do; more is the pity.
Q. Is she of that description - A. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you visit her - A. No.
Q. Where does she live - A. I don't know.
Q. Do you know where her room is - A. No.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Thorn; have not you seen him - A. I do not know whether I have or not.
Q. I mean the man that she lived with, do not you know that she goes by the name of Thorn - A. No, she does not go by the name of Thorn, I never heard her called Thorn.
Q. What is the name she goes by - 
               A. Sarah Ann Freeman
            .
Q. Have you not seen him - A. I cannot say but I have seen him, and spoke to him; I have seen him in her company.
Q. How dare you tell me before that you had not seen him - A. They have been in my room.
Q. They have been in your room have they. Where was her brother at the time they were in your room - A. I do not know where her brother was at the time they were in my room; he was not there when she was in the room with Thorn. I did not know Thorn by that name.
Q. By what name did you know Thorn - A. I knew him by the name of George.

 Q. How came you to know that George meant Thorn then, aye? How often have you known him to be in jail - A. I never knew him to be in jail; I never heard that he was taken up.
Q. What was Thorn - A. I do not know.
Q. Now, young woman, when did you take these lodgings of Mrs. Ford - A. About five weeks ago; I was to pay four shillings and sixpence a week.
Q. Upon your oath, did not the prisoner give you the money to pay for it - A. No, he did not.
Q.He did not know that you had taken it of Mrs. Ford, did he - A.No. but he has been with me there.
Q. Upon your oath, was he not there when it was bargained for - A. No.
Q.Nor never spoke to Mrs. Ford about it - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Upon your oath, did not he sleep in your bed between the Saturday and the Monday - A. No: yes, he was in on Wednesday evening, before the Monday he was taken up.
Q. How long did he stay there - A. Not half an hour.
Q.What day was it that you picked up these papers that the officer found - A. On Tuesday morning.
Q. Can you read - A. No, I cannot.
Q. Did you ask the prisoner to read them for you - A. No.
Q.Who read them for you - A. It was a young woman that read them, who is a stranger to me; she said, she did not know, she could not make them out. I asked her to read the Fleet-note; I did not ask her to read them, they were upon the shelf there all the time, and the only papers we kept there.
Q. Now, young woman, I ask you, attend now, the time is not too late. Do you mean to say, that none of the officers ever asked the prisoner whether these papers belonged to him - A They did not.
Q. Nor any thing to that effect - A. Nor any thing to that effect; he did not say they were his papers.
Q. As this man and you were intimate, perhaps you knew what he was - A. No, I did not know what he was.
Q. Did 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ann Freeman
               



             tell you what he was - A. She told me that he was a jeweller.
Q. How long had she been there that morning - A. She had not been in the room many minutes.
Q. Was she in the habit of coming into your room - A. No, she was not.
Q. How came she to know your room, had she been there the night before - A. She had been there twice before.
Q. She was once there with Thorn - A. Yes
Q. How many other times - A. She was there once before; that was the only time, and the time she was there with Thorn.
Q. She knew the way to your room, and left these duplicates with you - A. Yes.
Q. Did the officer leave the duplicates - A. No, they took them away.
REBECCA FORD. Q. What is your Christian name - A. Rebecca.
Q. Are you the owner of the house in which this young man was taken up - A. Yes; I live in it myself. I live and sleep in the one pair; I let out the two pair.
Q. Does Hutchins occupy any part of the house - A. The bottom part as a shop.
Q. How long have you known the young man at the bar - A.Not more than a month.
Q.Had you any conversation with him at any time respecting a room in your house - A. Yes; about the two pair room. I live in the one pair, and he in the two.
Q.When was it that he had any conversation with you about the two pair room - A. The day after he came in.
Q. Did any body, at the time that he came into the room, live in that room - A. There had been people in that room before, but nobody when he came.
Q. What people were they last before this young man came there - A. A people, I am very sorry to state, of very bad character, the woman is in confinement.
Q. Do you know the girl of the name of Featherday; did she occupy the room before this man first came - A.No; they both came at one time; the woman came first; I made an agreement for four shillings and sixpence a week.
Q. With whom - A. With her, and her husband, Thomas Collard.
Q. Was her husband, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collard
               



            , present when the agreement was made - A. No, he was not; she represented him as her husband.
Q. Did you know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collard
               



             before at all - A. I have heard of him, my husband being in the trade.
Q. Did you know his person at all, until you had heard Featherday represent him as her husband - A. No.
Q. You made the bargain with her for four shillings and sixpence a week - A. Yes; and the next day they came into the place as man and wife together, between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. You saw him the next morning you say - A. Yes.
Q. Did you mention to him the terms that you had let the room to his wife for - A. No; no further than respecting the rent that I expected. I had enquired into them; I heard the family had been respectable, but had become reduced. I had two shillings; I requested to have that in my hand.
Q. Where was it that you made the agreement - A. In their own room, in the two pair room; they paid me regular, and kept good hours.
Q. If any other men came to the room to sleep there, was it unknown to you - A. It was unknown to me; I would not have permitted it; for I had no benefit in it. I understood, from Mrs. Featherday, that her husband was very particular about men visiting her. I would not have allowed it; I let it to them, and to them only.
Q. Did you hear or see him coming home pretty often - A. I dont't know that he had any meal at home, except a breakfast or a supper, to the best of my knowledge, together.
Q. Except the time he was out at work, did you ever know him to be absent a week together - A. I could almost take an oath, that he was not absent a night out of my house. I was in the habit of going into the room to borrow a pair of bellows, mine being at the mender's, therefore I was a true judge that he was there.

 Q. Do you think if the room had been a resort of different men, you must have known it - A. I must I can take an oath that it was not suffered, nor would have been suffered by her husband. I am very confident that different men did not come.
Mr. Adolplus. The woman took a lodging of you - A. Yes; but the next day I went and saw her husband. I related the circumstance to him myself: the circumstance of the agreement; and I did see Collard the next day in his own room.
Q. Was that the only time that you bargained about the lodging - A. That was not the only time; I had to go up to him about the rent; chiefly he paid me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Li
            fe.
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
