






30. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     FORRESTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Auguste 
                           Dalmas
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
AUGUSTE DALMAS. I live in Church-row, St. Pancras, and am an agent
. On the 13th of November, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon. I was passing Johnson's library, Cheapside


, looking at some prints in the window - I felt something go from my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I turned round, and saw the prisoner, who was a stranger to me, and looked under her cloak, but did not see my handkerchief - nobody else being near, I suspected, and followed her towards the Bank, and saw by the motion of her arms that she was putting something into her pocket. At the corner of Bartholomew-lane, I saw her draw her hand from her cloak - I thought she was making a motion to somebody, a boy came to her, but did not speak to her. She went about half way down the lane, crossed over, and looked round. I went to her, and said, My good woman, you have got my handkerchief, and you had better give it back to me. She said she had not got it, and I might search her. I said I was sure of it, and if she gave it up, I would take no further notice. She still denied it, and said I was welcome to search. I said I had no power to search her myself, but I should send for an officer. She said I was welcome. I ordered her to walk before me to the Rose and Crown, Broad-street - I followed very close; when she got in, I begged of her to give it up to prevent any further trouble - she still denied it. I sent for an officer, he took her into a room up one pair of stairs, while he was searching her right hand pocket, I saw it fall from her petticoats, half of it was still in her clothes, she still denied it - it was mine.


                  JOHN 
                  FLEET
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and the prosecutor charged the prisoner with picking his pocket. I searched her, and found two handkerchiefs in her right hand pocket - I saw the prosecutor's handkerchief under her clothes, it must have dropped from her, for nobody was near her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found it in the street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 62.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
