





366. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MACKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of December
, a silver teaspoon, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Drummond
                  




               
            , esq.




                  FRANCIS 
                  DRUMMOND
               



            , ESQ. I live in Sloane-street


; the prisoner was my footman
; he came into my service about the end of September. On the 4th of January a man came to my house with an officer of Bow-street, he told me that my servant had stolen some things from Mr. Harrison of Covent Garden, long before he was my servant; the officer took him away that night.
Q. He was apprehended in your house for a felony committed somewhere else - A. Yes. On the Bow-street officer searching him they found a number of duplicates, one of them led to the production of the spoon that he is charged with in this indictment; I immediately desired them to look over my plate, and I found an old tea-spoon was missing, and some other things, Mr. Barry, the councellor, gave him a character, said he had seen him while in the actual service of a gentleman that was gone to India, and who had desired him to give the character what he knew of him; I likewise got a character of him from a lodger of mine.
Prisoner. I acknowledge pledging the spoon.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This spoon was pledged with me on the 21st of December for one shilling and six-pence by the prisoner in the name of John Brown.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time I pledged the spoon I was in want of a pair of shoes; I changed a ten pound note in the morning to give the charwoman the bill, and as I had changed the captain's ten pound I asked the captain for my quarter's wages, seven pounds ten shillings; he replied, I will pay you in two or three days; I was barefoot. I, unfortunately, knowing captain Drummond to be a passionate man, I was afraid to ask him; I said to myself, I'll get one shilling and six-pence on this spoon till he pays me my wages, and then I will bring it in again. As to the affair of Mr. Harrison's, I was acquitted.
Q. to prosecutor. Is the account of his wages being due correct - A. That very day that he was taken up was the first time that he asked for money. It is all false. I owed him eight guineas, I meaned to pay him when I got change.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
