





611. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SOANES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining the sum of 4 s., from 
                     
                        Orlando 
                        Warren
                     




                  , under false pretences
            .
ORLANDO WARREN. I am a mariner
, and live at Yarmouth. On the 3d of March, I saw the prisoner at the Red House, Lower Thames-street. He said he was a townsman of mine, and was master of the brig Samuel
, which was lying at Blackwall, that he had all foreigners on board, was going to discharge the crew, and if I was above twenty-one years old he would take me as mate. After that, he said he had got a 10 l. note, but could not get it changed, and asked me to lend him 3 s. or 4 s., and he wouldgive me a 1 l. note as soon as he got change. I understood he was to give it to me in advance for wages - I lent him 4 s., believing what he said. A certificate of my being twenty-one years old was drawn up by Mr. Baraclough, a Custom House officer. Next day I went to inquire after the ship, as he said it was moved down to the Dublin Chain - I could find no such ship. The prisoner was at Harding's public-house, and I gave him in charge. He got 16 s. from me altogether.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARDING
               



            . I keep the Red House, the prisoner had a bed there. He told me he had just left his ship, the Samuel, which was laden with oranges from St. Michael's. I afterwards gave him in charge.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner - I found nothing on him, except the agreement between him and Warren to go out as mate.
Prisoner. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
