





1475. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     WARDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, one watch, value 30s.; one chain, value 3l.3s.; one seal, value 2l.10s.; one key, value 1l.; and two keys, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Goldsworthy
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. WILLIAM GOLDSWORTHY. I am a rope-maker
, and live in Sun-tavern-fields, St. George's in the East. On the 27th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming along Aldgate


, at the entrance of Black Horse-yard, the prisoner came against me, as I supposed by accident. - I drew aside for him to pass; at that moment I felt my watch drawn out of my pocket, and said, "You villain, you have robbed me!" Before I could well utter the words he was off. I followed him up Black Horse-yard, and called out, Stop thief! he ran too fast for me. A little before he got to Petticoat-lane he was stopped. I accused him of having my watch - He made some resistance; he was overpowered - He denied having it. A person came up with a light. I found the watch at the very spot where he was stopped. I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I never lost sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ACKLEY
               



            . I am a labourer. I was in a public-house in Black Horse-yard - I heard the alarm, went out and took the prisoner, who was running. The watch was found just by.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am a beadle. I heard the alarm, went up Black Horse-yard, and found the prisoner in custody. The prosecutor said he had robbed him. He turned round and found the watch about two yards from the prisoner, on the ground. I took him into custody.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found 26s. on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I ran after the man, and they stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
