





680. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     PEARCE
                  , alias 
HOPKINS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harwood
                        




                     
                  , a watch, value 12 l. a purse, value 6 d. eight shillings, a 10 l. bank-note, a 5 l. bank-note, and two 1 l. bank-notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  HARWOOD
               



            . I live at 222, Piccadilly. I am a servant
 out of a situation. On the 26th of May, about half past eleven at night; I met the prisoner she was in company of two other young women; I was passing by when the prisoner ran up to me; she left her companions; she walked with me an hundred yards to where there is a passage that leads into Dover-yard


. I only went with her to the end of the passage, and stopped there with her three minutes, not exceeding that; at the expiration of the three minutes she ran curiously away from me, up this passage, into Dover-yard. I had a watch with me in my fob. My purse was in my left pantaloons pocket; in it was a ten-pound note, a five-pound. and two ones, and a silver coin that I brought with me from Spain. On her running away from me I observed by the light of the lamps the seals hanging below her hand, not knowing that she had taken my purse. I immediately ran after her, and lost sight of her in a moment. I did not see any thing more of her that night. I then went to the spot where I met her, and saw her companions. In consequence of what I heard from them I did not proceed any further that night. On the morning of the 27th I went to my late employer; he gave me the number of the ten-pound note. On the 28th I went to the Bank to stop the note; and on the 28th, in the evening, I found the prisoner in the Three Compasses public-house. She was searched; nothing was found on her.
Q. When was it you perceived your purse was gone - A. When I lost her. The ten pound note has been traced.
Q. It is only from Mr. Brett's account that you can prove the number of the note, is it - A. There is nobody here that can prove that was the number.
Q. What is the worth of your watch - A. Twelve pounds. It is a gold watch.
Q. One hand could not take the watch and purse at one time - A. No.
Q. Were her hand about your person - A. Yes.
Q. You found a ten-pound note correspond with the number that Mr. Brett gave you - A. Yes, at the Bank.


                  WINNIFRED 
                  DONNOLLY
               



            . I keep the Feathers public-house in Oxford-street.
Q. Do you know the young woman at the bar - A. Yes, I saw her on the 27th, at five o'clock in the morning. She gave me a ten-pound note to change. I could not change it. I changed a one pound note for her; a little after that she sold a piece of foreign silver coin to a man of the name of Thomas. I saw her possessed of a piece of foreign coin.


                  SARAH 
                  THORP
               



            . I live in Duck-lane, Westminster. I know the prisoner perfectly well by seeing her in Piccadilly. On this night, at half after eleven at night, I was standing at the end of Dover-street. The prisoner passed by with her arm round Harwood's waist.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was standing with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Thorp
               



            . I saw 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Pearce
               



             going up the street with her arm round Harwood. That is all I know.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I only know that a ten-pound note came in the Bank; I do not know who brought it in.
MR. DUNN. I am a hosier. The note produced by Mr. Parker was changed at our shop for silk handkerchiefs. It was a man it was changed for, and I wrote upon the back of the note.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
