





526. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, two coach-glasses, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Owen 
                     Ellis
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a city constable. On the 17th of May, about half past ten at night, I was in Covent Garden, near the Theatre


; I saw the prisoner there; he was in the company of hackney coachmen. From suspicion, I watched the prisoner. I saw him go between the carriages, open a coach door of a gentleman's coach, and take the glass out; he run towards the hackney coachman again; I went to follow him, and received a blow on the head with the butt end of a whip. I went round to the other side of the carriages. I saw him go towards Covent Garden market, where the people sit. I saw him cross the market, and go into the market-house. I laid wait outside; I suspected he was going to conceal the glass. I waited, and saw him come out without it. I then followed him into St. James's-street; there he went between the carriages, and took another glass out of a gentleman's coach. He opened the door in the same way, and cut the strings of that, and took another out there; and directly he took the second glass to where he had taken the first, I stepped to the place where I thought he had concealed the other in the market-house; I went then with alight; I found four coach-glasses concealed behind a box, trimmings and all. This is the loop that he cut to take them out; he could not well take them out without cutting the loop. I put the glasses in a way of security of my own. I waited for his coming there again, suspecting that he might bring another there. He returned, and brought another glass with him. I laid hold of him, and told him what I took him for. He said he only came to ease himself. I only saw him take two glasses out; I found four. They were both yellow-bodied carriages. This is the knife I found on the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEARNE
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  Owen 
                  Ellis
               



            . On the 17th of March, my master's coach was near Covent Garden market. I stopped in James-street a little after ten; I had set my master down. I did not miss the glasses until a coachman said, William, you have lost your glasses; I dare say your coach doors are open. I got down to look: I found they were gone. I did not see my glasses until I saw them at Marlborough-street office. The glasses were shewn me by Johnson. These are the glasses; I know them to be Mr. Ellis's property. The glasses and the lace would cost five pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been into the Playhouse to see Hamlet acted. I went into the Garden; two officers came and laid hold of me, and took me to the watchhouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
