





865. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  CONNER, alias 
BURKE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Buckley
                     




                  , no person being therein, about the hour of eight on the forenoon of the 15th of September
, and stealing therein, two gowns, value 10 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. and one hundred and twenty halfpence
            , his property.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BUCKLEY
               



            . I am a watchman
. When I returned home in the morning my door was broken open; my wife went out last.


                  MARGARET 
                  BUCKLEY
               



            . I live in Hodges-court, Drury-lane, in the parish of St. Giles'


. On the 15th of September, about half past seven in the morning, I locked my door and went out; I live in the lower room, my landlady does not live in the same house; I am sure I locked my door, and I took the key in my pocket; I fastened my door with a padlock. I came home between eight and nine o'clock the door was wide open, and my chest wide open. I lost two gowns and a pair of breeches, and five shillings in copper. I was informed the prisoner was in a public-house; I went in there; she offered as soon as she saw me to go into a room to strip.
Q. You knew her before, did not you - A. Yes, she lodged with me about two weeks. Instead of her going into a room, she went out at the back door; she had one of my gowns on. Between two and three o'clock the very day she robbed me I took hold of her, she knocked me down, beat me, and made her escape while I was down.
Q. Did you recover any of your property - A. No. She promised to return them; she said she had pawned them.


                  HARRIET 
                  DUNN
               



            . My husband is a white-smith.The day the robbery was committed I saw the prisoner at Buckley's door about a quarter after eight; she asked if I knew where Buckley was; I told her, no. She sat herself down on the stairs, and stopped for him. I went away and came back again in a few minutes, I found her in the room; I asked her what business she had to take Buckley's lock off the door in his absence; she told me to go along, she wanted to go to bed. I went away, and when I came back again I found she was gone, I stopped in the room until Mrs. Buckley came in.


                  JOHN 
                  GOFF
               



            . I am an officer of Union Hall. Me and Clark received information of the robbery. On the 25th of last month the prisoner was brought to us at Union Hall, I charged the prisoner, Catherine Burke, with the robbery; she told me that she knew nothing of the robbery, that her name was Conner. I told her I had seen her tried so often by that name I was sure of it. I kept her in custody.
JOHN CLARKE. I know what Goff has said to be true.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged at this woman's house about five weeks; I follow the market, selling meat and butter. The prosecutor has got a key to the chest and this prosecutrix another; she took the things out to pawn, and I gave her a shilling a week to fetch them out of pawn. There were some words passed between us, she swore she would send me over the water. This woman that she has brought against me knows nothing about it; she is a common prostitute in the streets, and she would go twenty miles for a glass of gin; she knows it is false what she has sworn against me.
Q. to Mrs. Dunn. Are you sure this is the woman - A. Yes, I am.
GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4 s. 9 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
