





1139. 
               
                  
                     SIDNEY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, one gown, value 5 s.; one shirt, value 2 s.; one apron, value 1 s.; one frock, value 1 s., and one petticoat, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Cleary
                  




               
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  CLEARY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Cleary
               



            . On the 9th of August, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went out, and left my box with Mrs. Hughes - it was not locked. I returned about one o'clock, and missed these things out of it.


                  ELIZA 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live in Buckeridge-street


, next door to the last witness; she left these things at my house. The prisoner was employed to nurse my child. I left her in the room about twelve o'clock, returned at three o'clock in the afternoon, found the box open, and saw some of the things lying on the floor.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of August, in Duck-lane. She turned up her bed, and between it and the sacking I found this apron. She said she pledged the other things at Simmonds's.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Monmouth-street. On the 9th of August, the prisoner pledgeda frock, a shirt, and a gown for 5 s., in the name of Williams.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
