







946 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PRICE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, a pair of shoes, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bartlett
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sutton
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a boot and shoe-maker

, No. 200, High-street, St. Giles's


. My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Sutton
               



            . On the 30th of August, about half past seven in the evening, I was called out of my parlour to assist in serving some customers that came in. I saw Price and Holland in a little room that I have backwards for the ladies. White was in the front shop, they did not appear to know each other. Price made an offer that could not to be taken. She went out; White followed her, and just at that moment Huggins, the officer, brought Price back with a pair of shoes in her hand, which he saw her take from a nail.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am an assistant officer of the court of Requests. On the 23d of August I was waiting at the corner of Denmark-street, about half after seven o'clock, close by the side of Mr. Bartlett's shop; these three women came by me in company together; they stood talking to each other; presently two of them went in; Price and Holland went into a little shop backwards; White went in with a little boy that she had with her; Holland was trying some shoes on. I saw Price take a pair of shoes and put them under her apron. As soon as 
               
                  Mary 
                  White
               



             saw that she came out of the shop first, Price followed her. Price pulled the shoes out, andwas going to give them to Mary White. I took hold of her arm. I took the shoes from her, and went into the shop with her. Holland was in the shop at the time; White went away.
Q. Are you sure that White was the other woman - A. Yes; she went to the watchhouse after the other woman; Mr. Baxter took her. I assisted in taking Price and Holland to the watchhouse.


                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I produce that shoes. I am the keeper of the watchhouse. In about a quarter of an hour after I had taken charge of Holland and Price, a woman came to the watchhouse door; she said, Mary. I desired Mr. Bartlett to go round and see whether that was the woman that had made her escape: he went out, and brought her in. I searched her, and found some money about her. These are the shoes that I received of Mr. Bartlett.
Prosecutor. The shoes are mine.
Price's Defence. I never saw White before she was brought into the watchhouse. I was in the shop looking at a pair of shoes; that man said, whereever he could catch me he would do me an injury.
Holland's Defence. I never saw any shoes taken.
White's Defence. I did not see the shoes taken. I know nothing of the other women.
PRICE, GUILTY, aged 36.
HOLLAND, GUILTY, aged 37.
WHITE, GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 4 s. only
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
