





986. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FOWLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, one saw, value 4s., and one plane, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Lovell
                        



                     
                  ; and two saws, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Goddard
                        



.


                  CHARLES 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, and work for Williams and Co. St. George's-parade, North Audley-street


; the prisoner's father works there too. On the 4th of June I went to work about half-past four o'clock in the morning, found my chest in the loft had been opened, and the things gone. A coachman informed that a man had just gone out with a bundle. I found my tools at Marlborough-street Police-office.


                  EDWARD 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and work next door to Messrs. Williams and Co. On the 8th of June I went to work about seven o'clock in the morning, found the door broken open, my chest also broken open, and two saws, and a quantity of other tools gone.


                  HENRY 
                  MUSGRAVE BLACKLOCK
               



            . I am a constable. On the 12th of June I received information that the prisoner had been taken up on suspicion of stealing tools; I went and interrogated him about them? he said he had pledged them, and gave me a pocket-book containing duplicates relating to the property.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Shadwell. On the 4th of June the prisoner pledged a saw and a plane with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
