





1365. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  INGRAM
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, five fathoms of rope, value 5s.; one spike-nail, value 1s., the property of the 
                     
East India Dock Company



                  ; one grappling iron, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Green
                     



                  ; 8s. in monies numbered, and one 1l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Murdock
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. the same, only stating the bank note and monies to be the property of the said East India Dock Company.
MR. JAMES MURDOCK. I am chief clerk
 in the East India Docks


. On Sunday, the 9th of August, at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, I went into the Docks, which are enclosed by a wall twenty feet high. I went to the back door of the office, and unlocked it, but found I could not open it when it was unlocked. I looked through the glass of the door, and found a piece of wood placed under the lock, to prevent its being opened. The watchman, Holmes, got in - I then entered the office, and found a spike-nail by the door, which was not there at half-past eight o'clock that morning. Several of the desk locks were broken open, and a drawer, where I kept money, was forced open, and a 1l. note and 8s. taken out. Every thing was safe in the morning when I was there. The key of the door, which is always left inside, was taken out. I went to the lodge, where the iron chest is deposited, the sash of the window was closed. I found it had been forced, there were marks on the iron-chest, apparently, as if it had been attempted with a crow. I went up to the room above, and tried to force the door, but found it resisted. I called Holmes to force it. I went to get a ladder, returned, and found the prisoner in his custody; he had been a labourer in the Company's service for two years, and knew where the property was kept; I have paid him from the very drawer where the money was taken from. He was not in the Company's service at the time, and had no business in the Docks. A grappling-iron and a piece of rope were in the room where he was found, which was not the right place for them.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see two men come into the Dock - A. I saw them leave it - They had no business there.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to the office. Mr. Murdock has spoken correctly. While he was gone for the ladder I forced the door open, and found the prisoner in the upper room, with the grappling iron and rope - He got up as if he was asleep. I found a chisel in the office.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LIGHTERNESS
               



            . I am superintendant of the Docks. I went to the lodge with Mr. Murdock-he has spoken correctly. I went to the upper room with Holmes, and found the prisoner getting off the floor; I asked him how he came there? he said he came in in the Lord Castlereagh, and got drunk, that he saw two men up there, and went up to them, but they swam away. I told him it was impossible for him to see that; he then said he did not see them swim across, but they said they were going to swim; that they beat him very much, and ran away. He did not appear to have been beat.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I took the prisoner into custody; I asked him how he got into the Docks? he said he got in at the Export Dock gate, and went on board the Lord Castlereagh, which laid in the basin, and passed into the Import Dock with her. I asked him if he had been employed on board the ship on Saturday? he said No. He said the window was open when he came there. I asked him who the two men were that he spoke of? He said there were no men, nor any person with him at all; that he told the people of the Dock that there was, but it was a lie,


                  THOMAS 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a carpenter in the Docks. The grappling-iron and spike-nail were in my care, at my bench, which was sixty yards from the lodge, the chisel was in my bench, which was broken open. I believe it has been used against a very hard substance; they are the property of the East India Dock Company.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I found two keys in the cellar under the lodge, where the prisoner was found - He could have thrown them there.
MR. MURDOCK re-examined. They are the keys of the front office door and the book-case. I have never found the money.
Prisoner's Defence. I got drunk in the ship, went to sleep, awoke, and saw the people walking about the Dock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
