





362. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GAMBLE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 11th of March
, thirty pounds weight of lead, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Montague
                        




                     
                  , esq
. feloniously did cut and rip, with intent to steal and car- it 
away
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a patrols serjeant, I belong to Mary-le-bone. On the 11th of March I was going my round, between four and five in the morning, I met the prisoner in North Portman Mews, he was in company with another; as soon as I saw him I sprang my rattle; they were pulling down the pump. I never lost sight of him untill he was stopped in Portman-square.


                  BARTLETT 
                  FLANNAGAN
               



            . I came to the spring of the rattle. The prisoner was taken by another watchman when I came up.


                  JOHN 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 11th of March I heard the patrol's serjeant spring the rattle, I met the prisoner in Portman-square, I asked him what the rattle sprang for; he was in a fluster, he could not answer, I stopped him, the serjeant came up and said he was the man thatpulled the pump down.
- I am a butler to Mr. Montague. I was up in the morning. I saw the pump lay down, the hold-fasts were drawn out of the wall, it had been forced down by an iron crow; there were the marks upon the wall, but it was not cut.
Q. Who does the pump belong to - A. To Mr. Montague. The pump is lead, the case is wood, it was wrenched from the wall, laying down.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Billingsgate between four and five o'clock the rattle-sprang, that man stopped me. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
