





740. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KEMP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of July
, a saddle, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Johnson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Johnson
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a sadler
; I live at No. 19, Church-street, Soho. On Saturday, the 3rd of July, I sent my son to Mr. Blackwell, in Oxford-street. After the prisoner was taken I went and claimed the saddle.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On Saturday, the 3rd of July, my father sent me with the saddle to Mr. Blackwell, Oxford-street. As I was coming from Church-street a man came and asked me which was the way to Hanover-square; he asked me what my father was, and where he lived; I told him he was a sadler, and lived at No. 19, Church-street, Soho. He asked me where I was going with the saddle; I told him. He gave me three cherries, said, good bye, make haste home, and then when I got a little further another man came up, and said holloa, what was I about; Mr. Blackwell had been waiting for the saddle ever so long; and after I had walked a little way further a third man came up, and asked the prisoner which was the way to Church-street; then the prisoner said I was to give him the saddle: I said, no; I must take it. He then untied the string that fastened the saddle to my shoulders. The person that came up, and asked the way to Church-street said he would give me some money to shew him the to Church-street. Then we went as far as 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Ridge
               



            's, where I had to call; he said he had to call there too. I went into Mr. Ridge's; the man had gone away with the saddle, and left me. I went home, and told my father what had happened.
Q. Look at the bar - A. That is the man, I am quite sure of it. I had seen him before.


                  RICHARD 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. Richardson, in Oxford-street. I was going along Oxford-street


; I saw this little boy with the saddle at his back; I saw the man come up to him; the prisoner untied the saddle, and took it away from him; he passed me with it; I saw him go into St. George's market. I am sure he is the same man. I have known him for years.
Q. Why did not you take hold of him - A. I did not know that he was that kind of character.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDMAN
               



            . I am stable-keeper. I had been at Mr. Kendall's mews; after I came out of his stable I met two men, one of them had a saddle. I said friend, is that saddle to be sold; he said, yes, for three pounds. I said two pounds ten shillings will do, but I will have the girts with it. They left the saddle at Mr. Prior's. I called again about seven o'clock in the evening; they never brought the girts. The officer came and claimed the saddle as being a stolen one. The prisoner is the man I bought the saddle of, and I paid him for it.
Prosecutor. I am the maker of the saddle; it is my property; it is the saddle that was taken from the boy
.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
