





44. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLARE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July, 1815
, one 1l. bank note, and fourteen shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Domimico
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DOMIMICO
               



            . I am a green grocer
, and live at No. 7, Queen's row, Knightsbridge


. I lost this money on the 26th of July last, between the hours of three and four in the afternoon. The prisoner at the bar came to the door, and asked the price from the boy of pickling wallnuts; she was told four shillings a hundred. The boy brought her into the shop, she wanted some cauliflowers. Then I stepped out of the parlour, and she had the wallnuts and cauliflowers in the shop; that is the boy had them ready to go with her. She asked for change of a two pound note, with a bill and receipt, and said that the people over the way were so very sorry that her mistress had left off dealing with them, she asked for two quarts of white currants, and four pottles of raspberries for table. I told her I did not think I had any that was fit for table, but I would endeavour to get some; she said they were not for that days dinner, but for the next. She told me to make out the bill, for her mistress always paid ready money. I asked her where it was? and she said 21, Grosvenor place. I asked her if the name was Madam Tait, and she said, it was. I then called the boy into the parlour, gave him change for a two pound note, deducting the price of the articles, and cautioned him not to let either money or goods go until he had got the two pound note, nor to leave them with the prisoner under any pretence whatever. Then I know no more until his return.


                  HENRY 
                  STANMORE
               



            . The prisoner at the bar, first asked me the price of the walnuts; she said her mistress was a very good customer, and used to deal over the way; but they were so saucy that she was obligad to quit them; She then asked me if I knew a boy who wanted a place? this was after I was carrying the things with her; she said it was a very good place; they found them in shoes, and would give four and sixpence a week, and I told her I did not know of any body wanting a place; she then got a little way on, and I was before, she asked for the change; I had the things; she said she wanted to get some tea and sugar for the  company; I gave her the change; she told me to go to 21, Grosvenor place, to get the two pound note, and she said, I might have two or three old pottles for myself, which were under the dresser. I went, and saw the footman in the servant's hall, at 21, and told him I was ordered to bring these things by the cook, and asked for the two pound note; I found it was not there. I went to No. 20, and found it was not there, either. I then asked them to be so good as to let me leave the things, until I went to look for the woman; I went to a grocer's shop in Piccadilly, thinking she might have gone there; but I could hear no tidings of her. I returned, crying, down Piccadilly, and got the things from No. 20, and then went to 30. I had a lettuce to leave at No. 41. I then went to where my father worked; but he was not in the way, and I heard that there was an old French Lady lived at 21, King's road; but it was not there. The Lord Milton's footman looked into the Court List for me; but could find nobody of the name of Madam Tate. I gave the prisoner a one pound note and fourteen shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  GILMORE
               



            . On the last day of the last Westminster Sessions, the prisoner was acquitted of a similar offence, being charged with false pretence, and the false pretence not being made out against her. I detained her on account of several other charges of a similar nature, which were against her, and gave notice to the present prosecutor.
THE COURT, in summing up the evidence to the Jury, informed them, that though the prisoner stood charged with stealing from the person of 
               
                  John 
                  Dominico
               



            , when in fact, it was from Henry Stanmore; that would not alter the case against her, as it was merely a larceny.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
