





1542. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HEANEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, one jacket, value 4s., and one pair of trowsers, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Organ
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  ORGAN
               



            . I am a coal-porter
, and live at Stratford


; the prisoner often slept in the same room with me. On the 17th of September, about five o'clock in the morning, I missed my jacket and trowsers-they must have been taken in the night. He did not then sleep with me-my bed-room door was locked, but I found both my bed-room windows wide open, and a ladder near the window-part of my family slept in the room. I found my things at Shadwell Office three or four days after, in custody with the prisoner. He said he would pay me for them.
JOHN GRIFFITHS. I am a road-keeper. About half-past eleven o'clock on the morning after the robbery, I took the prisoner at Stepney, and asked what time he was at home the night before, he said at eleven o'clock - He was four miles from the prosecutor's. I asked who let him in? he said the door was open, and all in the house must have seen him.


                  THOMAS 
                  PLAYER
               



            . I am a patrol of Stratford. I found the jacket in the road.


                  JAMES 
                  BOULCOT
               



            . I am private watchman to Mr. Gunn, who lives in the Commercial-road. The prisoner lodged in the same house with me. On the 16th of September, I went to take him some victuals in prison. He said there was a jacket, a pair of trowsers, and a shirt in Mr. Gunn's hay-loft, and asked me to pledge them-the chaff-cutter found them there-he was in Mr. Gunn's service. I went home about three o'clock on the morning of the robbery-the prisoner was not at home then.
JOSEPH TOMLIN. I am chaff-cutter at Mr. Gunn's. I found the jacket and trowsers, under the hay in the loft, on the Thursday after the prisoner was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  SWAN
               



            . I am Mr. Gunn's carter. About a quarter after six o'clock on Monday morning, I saw a man sleeping in the loft - I think it was the prisoner. A few minutes after I saw him (the prisoner) near the loft.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Nobody can trace the robbery to me, other people go to the loft-Boulcot was himself charged with a highway robbery last Session.


                  JAMES 
                  BOULCOT
               



             re-examined. I was subpoened in behalf of a prisoner, and the magistrate committed me also - I was bailed and no bill was found against me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
