





1446. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Owen 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6 d., one 10 l., and fourteen 1 l. Bank notes
            , his property.
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  OWEN JONES
               



            . I am a solicitor
. On the 30th of September, about two o'clock, I went into a saleroom in Hunter-street


. I had my pocket-book, containing a 10 l. and fourteen 1 l. Bank notes. I stood near the end of the table, and in about a quarter of an hour I felt a sudden grasp and pressure at my coat-pocket - I immediately felt, and missed my pocket-book - my coat was cut. The crowd being very great, I ran down to the street-door, got the porter, Bloss, to lock it, and then got a constable. I went up to the room, as I went up stairs I met Haltom, who delivered me my pocket-book, with the money in it. I saw the prisoner in the room; a penknife was found on him. The book was also cut in cutting the pocket.
Prisoner. Q. When you was at Hatton-garden, did you not instruct Bloss what to say - A. I believe I corrected him in a statement about myself. He said I ran up stairs with him, I was rather behind. I gave him a shilling for his time.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BLOSS
               



            . I am a porter at auctions. Mr. Jones came to me, I left him at the door, and went up to the auction room - the prisoner was standing against the folding doors. I saw him shuffling his hands about behind him, and kept my eye on him while the officer was sent for. I saw him draw a pocket-book from behind his coat, and throw it behind the door. Haltom picked it up, and took it down to Mr. Jones.
Prisoner. Q. You said at the office you saw the book in my hand - A. Yes, I saw him throw it from behind him. He was laid hold of immediately.

LEWES HALTOM. I am a porter, and was at the sale. I saw the prisoner coming down the stairs, but the door being shut, he returned. I had made it known in the room that the robbery had been committed; he came back, and stood against the folding doors. I kept my eye on him - he moved. I said to myself, perhaps he has dropped the book. I looked, picked it up from behind the door, and gave it the prosecutor. A penknife was found on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
