





1051. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  EMERY
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Magill
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night of the 9th of August
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, six yards of woolen cloth, value 1l, and one hundred and seventy yards of trimming, value 10s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Magill
                     



.
THOMAS MAGILL. These things were drawed throught the area rails out of a window down stairs.
WILLIAM HOPKINS. At about a quarter past twelve at night of the 9th of August, I saw two men in Windmill-street; I watched them up John-street, and along Colville-street, and I lost them. When I came back, I saw a third person at the area; when he saw me coming along on the other side of the way, he walked off from there and went into Tottenham Court Road. When I came back again to the corner of John-street; the prisoner and another one came by again along Windmill-street


. Soon after the prisoner came to the prosecutor's area, and put his hand through the grating, pushed the upper sash of the window down; and in a few minutes with this stick he began to pull some of the things out. In five of six minutes, I saw that I could catch him, and I was within five or six feet of him but my foot slipped, and he turned round and looked at the full in-the fae, and then ran; but I pursued him, and caught him. The rattle sprund, and I secured him in Suffolk Mews. I can swear to the man, for I have known him these two years.





               GUILTY
            , aged 21,
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
