





900. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYHILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of October
, two pair of stockings, value 3 s. and one purse, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bell
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the property of 
               
                  Cesman 
                  Sparks
               



            .
CESMAN SPARKES. I live with Mr. Bell, a grocer
. Last Sunday morning, Mr. Bell said, he had suspicion that the prisoner had some of my property; he called in an officer. He found four or five pair of stockings on his legs, and property in his bosom. He is a servant
 to Mr. Bell. I lodge with Mr. Bell.


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



            . I have for a considerable time suspected that the prisoner robbed me. On Sunday last, from the appearance of the prisoner's dress, I perceived that he had a great quantity of clothes on; I requested that he would walk up stairs with me, and open his box; which he did, very reluctantly. I then perceived by his legs, that he had more stockings on than belonged to him. I put him down on the bed, and took the stockings off his legs; he had five pair of stockings on his legs, three pair in his bosom, a waistcoat on belonging to Sparks, and shirts belonging to a gentleman that is dead, who lodged in my house when he was alive.
Q. That is not in the indictment - A. In his pocket we found a silk handkerchief, belonging to me; he had other property in his box.
MR. WOOD. I am an officer. I produce the property. All these things were found upon him, and some in his box.
Prosecutor. They are all under my care.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
