





753. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SARGENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a saw, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Horberry
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HORBERRY
               



            . I am a sawyer
. My saw was taken away on the 7th of June; it was on the premises of Mr. Cave, Theobalds-road


.


                  EDMUND 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am a carpenter. The saw was taken away on Whit-monday, the 7th of June; I saw the prisoner there; I saw the saw there ten minutes before the prisoner came into the yard.


                  EDMUND 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a servant. On Whit- Monday, the 7th of June, I was in Mr. Cave's yard; the prisoner came down, and asked me if the sawyers had been at work; I said, yes, they were breakfasting. The prisoner then said he supposed they were gone holiday keeping. I said I believed not, they would be there by-and-by; he then went into Mr. Cave's shop; the prisoner went in without any thing; he came out with a saw; he then came up to me and said if the sawyers come tell them I want saw to cut one cut down; he said he was at work at the corner of Red Lion-passage, in Ormond-street. That is all that past. I rather suspected it was not an honest thing. I saw no more of him until the owner of the saw apprehended him.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did this man work in Ormond-street - A. No; I understood he is a sawyer; he has not been at work for many years. The saw has never been found; from the description of the man I took him in custody.
Gibbs. I am sure he is the same man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 51.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
