







721. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WALLWORK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 26 yards of linen, value 2 l. 18 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HAWTHORN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Martin
               



            , who is a linen-draper
, and lives in Judd-street, Brunswick-square


. On the 15th of April, Wallwork came to the shop about ten o'clock in the morning, and desired to look at some Irish linen - I showed him two pieces, he asked me if I could send them for a friend to look at? I tied two pieces up, and took them with him myself. He took me to a public-house in Leigh-street, kept by Mrs. Churchill. He desired me to sit down in the parlour, which I did, and presently the prisoner, Morgan, came in; both of them looked at the linen, after that Wallwork left the room. Morgan then wished me to recommend him the best piece of the two - I recommended that at the highest price; he said he would have it, but he must have some French cambric for frills - he wished me to fetch him two or three lengths to look at. I went home for them, leaving the linen he had chosen with him. I returned immediately with the cambric, and found they were both gone with the linen. The landlady said they were gone out with it, and that Morgan had it under his arm. I ran out, caught sight of them, and secured them both together in Gower-street - Morgan had the cloth. He said he was going to show it to the person who was to make his shirts. I gave them in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners into custody. I found only 4 d. on Wallwork, and nothing on Morgan.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WALLWORK'S Defence. I thought I had 3 l. in my pocket, but found I had not, and was going to fetch some money.
MORGAN'S Defence. We were going to fetch the money.
WALLWORK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
