





816. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRACE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a shirt, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Starling
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  STARLING
               



            . I am the wife of John Starling, I live at Enfield Highway


.
Q.Among other persons do you wash for Mr. John Reynolds. - A. Yes. On the 28th of August I put out my linen that I had washed to dry in my garden. After some time I went to look after the property, I found four shirts were gone, one of which was Mr. Reynold's. On the next day I went to Mr. King's the pawnbroker, I there found the shirt.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, Fore Street, Edmonton. On the 28th of August, between three and four in the afternoon the prisoner offered me a shirt, he asked me to lend him five shillings on it, I took the shirt in my hand and asked him the marks, he said I. B. I looked at it and found it was I. R. I then said, " you villain, you have stolen this shirt off some line," it was damp. I went to the door to call Mr. Steele to charge a constable with him, during which time he was gone, I was not half a minute, I am certain he is the man. The next day Mrs. Starling came and claimed the shirt.
Q. How far is that from Enfield Highway. - A. About four miles to my house. I gave a description of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  FITKIN
               



            . I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner on the 3d of September, at Enfield Highway, I had a search warrant, I took him to Enfield watch-house, about two mile from his own house he broke away from me, I apprehended him again on the 16th of October.
Q. Had you made search after him. - A. I had been twice to his house, and I went to Waltham Abbey after him.
MR. REYNOLDS. It is my shirt, it is marked I. R.
Prisoner's Defence. This shirt I pick'd up in a field, I offered it to that gentleman to pledge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
