





843. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROSEWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 200lbs. of lead, value 20s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Winch
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building.
GEORGE WINCH. I have a house under repair at Shepperton


, I live about a mile from it, but I see it every day. The prisoner had been employed as a labourer
 there, but not at the time the leaden pipe was unfixed and stolen from the kitchen. I lost about 400lbs. from the building; 200lbs. of which was found on the prisoner - it was afterwards compared with the building, and it fitted exactly.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a hawker, and live at Laleham, about two miles from the house. I went to the prisoner's house in consequence of what my wife told me, and asked him if he had any lead to sell? he said he had; I asked him if he came honestly by it? he said he did - He did not shew it to me. I thought I would make further inquiry; I heard Mr. Winch had lost some, and told him. On the 16th of April I went to his house and weighed the lead; I again asked him if he got it honestly? he said, Yes, but would not tell me where he got it. The constable and Mr. Winch came in and took him. We found 212lbs. of lead there. I took the pipe to the house, and it fitted in every respect.


                  DANIEL 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am constable of Shepperton. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with the lead; next morning I went to his house, and found a pipe, weighing 19lbs. which fitted the house exactly; the rest was cut into too small pieces to fit-it was gutter lead. The prisoner said he helped to steal it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
