





892. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HATTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, five planes, value 10s. one oil-stone, value 5s. one saw, value 2s. one square, value 1s. 8d. five chissels, value 2s. five gimlets, value 1s. 6d. and one draw-board, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  ; four planes, value 8s. one saw, value 3s. one oil-stone, value 8s. three chissels, value 2s. one axe, value 2s, and one square, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Forster
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I left my tools at the Hamlet of Mile end Old Town


, where I had been to work, on the evening of the 23rd; and when I came to work on the 24th, they were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I left my tools in the same place.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a superintendant of the watch at Mile-end, Old Town. I was going my rounds on the morning of the 24th of August, at about half past one, and heard a rattling behind the buildings, where these tools were deposited. I met the prisoner coming out with the two baskets of tools, which he immediately dropped. I told him he had been robbing the buildings; and he said, he had not, that he had only been doing his occasion; and as soon as he had buttoned his flap, he up with his fist and shoved me down almost. As soon as I had recovered myself, I fetched him one, and knocked him down. I called the watchman to my assistance, and we took him and the tools to the watchhouse.




               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
