





350. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of April
, twenty-eight pound weight of starch, value 1 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lorkin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Pearson
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am a farmer and salesman in Smithfield, I live at Shenley Hill below Barnet. On the 5th of April I was standing in Smithfield, I saw the cart stand in Smithfield Bars


, the cart could not go along because of another cart going along, it was a one horse cart, I saw the prisoner and another man endeavouring to get a parcel out, and before they got the horse on the prisoner got the parcel out, and was going off with it as fast as he could go, I ran after him and catched him by the collar, held him and called the carman to me and told him he had lost a parcel, the carman said it was his parcel, I took him into the Bulls Head and gave charge of him. He was never out of my sight till I had hold of him.
- PARKER. Q. You are the carman. - A. Yes, this is the parcel that was taken out of my cart. It is the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lorkin
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pearson
               



            , oil-men

, in Aldersgate Street.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going across Smithfield a man asked me to carry this parcel a little way up St. John Street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
