





911. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, one seal, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph York 
                           Hatton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HATTON
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph York Hatton, who is a watchmaker and jeweller
, and lives in Lower Thames-street


. On the 2d of June, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to the shop, and asked to look at some seals; he took up several, asked the price, and I put them down one by one as he looked at them - He asked the price of one, which I told him was 15s. When he put it down again there was a vacant place. I told him he had one in his hand, he said he had not; I said I was sure he had - He shook his handkerchief over the tray, and the seal fell out. I told him to go about his business, as I was sure he only came to thieve. My husband came out of the parlour, and told the prisoner he should be satisfied if he shewed him the money he had to buy the seal with. We sent for an officer, who searched him, and found only 3d. in his pocket.
COURT. Q. Was it possible for the seal to have got into the handkerchief - A. I do not think it was. He shook his handkerchief two or three times before it fell out.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. The tray contained several valuable seals-this was worth 12s.



                  JOHN 
                  HULL
               



            . I live with the prosecutor. He called me down, and sent me for an officer, who came, and found only three-pence on the prisoner. He gave his address,"
               
                  William 
                  Read
               



            , mathematical instrument-maker, No.4, Ball-court, Threadneedle-street." I have found his name was Read, that he lived at No.8, and was no trade.


                  THOMAS 
                  RIST
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Hatton sent for me, and gave the prisoner in charge. I found only three-pence on him - He said he had no more money.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My handkerchief was wet; it must have stuck to it.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 4s. 10d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
