





426. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CORDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of May
, nine pieces of paper, value 2 l. 5 s. and two pieces of paper borders, value 1 l. 7 s. 6 d. and an hempen wrapper, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thurgood
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THURGOOD
               



            . I am a carrier from London to Hempstead, in Essex
. On last Saturday afternoon I was helping the things out of the ware-house, at the Four Swans, Bishopsgate


. I gave our porter a truse to carry to the waggon, he carried it and put it in the hind part of the waggon and returned back to the warehouse, I went out of the ware-house directly, he came back and saw the prisoner going down the gateway with the truss, I followed the prisoner and looked on the top of it and saw no direction on the top, I looked underneath and saw I. Harris and Pexton upon it. I catched hold of him by the collar and asked him where he was going with the truss, he said he was going to carry it to the waggon in the street, I told him no, he should not do that he should carry it back, he pulled to get away, I pulled him up the yard, I led him into the tap room and told our porter to take care of him. I went to the Comptor, got an officer and gave charge of him.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am book-keeper, I received the property and delivered it into Mr. Thurgood's care.


                  JOHN 
                  EMMITT
               



            . I am a porter in the yard, I was taking a box and other things, I asked the prisoner to lay hold of a box while I put the other things in the waggon, I went afterwards and got the truss.
Prisoners Defence. When he asked me to lay hold of the box I asked him where the truss was to go, he said into the front of the waggon, I went to go round the front of the waggon with it.
Emmitt. He was twenty yards from the waggon and he had a cart in the street that we know nothing of.
Prosecutor. He was gone nearly out of the gate with the truss and more than twenty yards from the waggon.
JOHN BROWN. I was sent for to the four Swans, the prisoner was given in charge, and the truss it is marked I. Harris and Pexton.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
