





305. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILBERT
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, one miniature picture, value 1l. 9s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Noyes
                  




               
            .
SARAH NOYES. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Noyes
               



            , we live at Weymouth-terrace, Hackney-road


. The prisoner came to look at some apartments which I had to let, on the 7th of December, it was dusk, my sister let him in, he said that he was recommended by some person who had my bill up; I shewed him the rooms, and told him if he would come down stairs, I would speak to him about them, he appeared to be a working man; he came down, and my sister brought a light into the parlour, he said he was a varnisher - I am sure he is the man; he left me and said, he would bring his wife to look at them the next day. I missed my husband's miniature the next morning, it hung over the fire-place; nobody else had been in the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEVETT
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Noyes sent for me to the Roebuck public-house, he had the prisoner in custody, I took him, and he told me that he had sold the miniature to Mr. Nightingale, he went there with me, and asked Mr. Nightingale for the miniature which he had sold him; Mr. Nightingale produced it, and Mr. Noyes claimed it.


                  GEORGE 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I am a carver and gilder, and live in Leadenhall-street. I bought the miniature of the prisoner on the 7th of December, about eight o'clock in the evening.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  NOYES
               



            . On the 16th of December, I went with my sister to the place where she said she had seen the prisoner, I told him that I wanted him, he said what for? I said, you have been to look at some apartments at my house; he said, he had not been to look at any; my sister said, he was the man; he wanted me to go back, and said he would follow me; I got him to go with me, and when he had got about twelve yards he ran away, I followed him and took him; and said, if he would tell me where theminiature was, I would set him at liberty - He would not. I sent for a constable.


                  ELIZA 
                  NOYES
               



            . I am sister to Mr. Noyes. The prisoner is the man who came to look at the lodgings.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
