





112. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, one horse-cloth, value 2 s.; one pair of reins, value 3 s., and one hood, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Fincham
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Fincham
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  FINCHAM
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother Edward; we are tea-dealers. On the 18th of November, at night, these things were taken from our stables, in Ram's Mews, King-street, Westminster


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITEHOUSE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's carman. On the 18th of November, after eight at night, I locked the stable up; every thing was then safe. About six o'clock in the morning, I found the window broken; anybody could then get in. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and found them at Queen-square next day, and the prisoner in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  SPEED
               



            . I am watchman of King-street; my box is opposite the mews. Between eleven and twelve o'clockat night I found the mews gates shut, which is not usual, as I always close them myself at one. I opened them, and the prisoner came out with these things under his arm. I stopped him, and asked him what it was; he said it was some pieces of old horse-cloths that were given to him, he could not tell by whom. I found the prosecutor's stable window broken; anybody could then get in.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  MILLARD
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found the reins tied round his body, under his coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
