





80. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     FRYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, two shirts, value 14s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Jacobs
                  



               
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Julia 
                     Jacobs
                  



               
            . spinster
.


                  SARAH 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I and my sister are in partership together; at about eight o'clock in the evening of the 21st, a boy
 came into our shop; I cannot swear it was the prisoner. He asked to look at some shirts; I thought I heard a noise at our shop door; I asked the boy what it was, and he went and pulled it open. I called my mother, and at that instant, the boy snatched at a bundle of shirts, which was near him, and rushed out of the shop. I went to the door, and cried stop thief, as did our servant at the private door. He was caught. When I saw my property again, I knew it.


                  THOMAS 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . I am a mattress-maker, and work at the feather-bed warehouse, in Compton-street. I was coming along Rathbone-place, and hearing a cry of stop thief. I stopped the prisoner, as he was running; I saw him putting something under his coat white I pursued him a little further, and I saw him throw whatever it was that he had, white, under his coat, over some railings into an area. Immediately after I stopped him, a watchman came up.



                  WILLIAM 
                  MADLEY KEELING
               



            . On the evening of the 21st of November, between the hours of eight and nine, there was something thrown against my kitchen window, which by the sound, I conjectured to be small dirt; I had not time to go and see what it was, before a neighbour of mine came and knocked at my door, and told me they had got a thief, and he said, he believed that part of the property was in my area. On my looking, not far from the water-but, was one shirt, and another near it.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper, and produce the two shirts.
(Property sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
