





1500. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     LONGHURST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 90 live tame pigeons, price 10l., and two live tame doves, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Snow
               




            , Spinster
.
JAMES ARNOLD. I am footman to Miss Valentine Snow, who lives at Sudbury


, and keeps a great many pigeons, in a large pigeon house; they were netted in, and could not get out. On the 10th of October we lost upwards of one hundred, which were all safe at half-past six o'clock the night before. I had to gather them every night, and put them in the house. I know them very well, one of them had a bad eye, and another had a mark on his neck with fighting. I applied to Salmon. Two days after, I saw three of them - We have recovered fifty. I can swear they are part of those stolen from my mistress.


                  PHILIP 
                  CASTANG
               



            , JUN. My father lives in the Hampstead-road, and deals in pigeons and birds. On Saturday, the 11th of October the prisoner brought a great many pigeons to sell, some were in a hamper, and some in a sack, my mother would not buy them of him. I was afterwards informed that they were stolen, and met the prisoner in the New-road, on the Monday. I went home and told my father, he went and took him.
PHILIP CASTANG, SEN. I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and met him in the New-road, my son pointed him out to me. I went to him, and said I understood he was the man who had been to my house on Saturday with some pigeons; I asked him what he had done with them? he said they were all sold. I said I should like to buy some if he would show me where he had sold them; he hesitated a little. I said I understood they were stolen, and unless he took me to where he had sold them, I would take him to Bow-street. In our way to the house where they where he ran from me, about half-way down Burton-crescent; I overtook him, and took him to the watchhouse; he then said they were at Stevens's, at Battle-bridge. Salmon and I went there, and inquired of Mrs. Stevens - We found fifty in the first-floor back-room; the prisoner afterwards saw them, and said they were those he had sold.
WILLIAM SALMON. I am an officer. On the 11th of October I was informed the pigeons were lost. I left word at Castang's that they were stolen; on the Monday morning he told me some had been offered to his wife. I found the prisoner at the watch-house. I went with him to Stevens's, as he said they were there. I found fifty-nine there in a back room.
JAMES FULLER. On the 9th of October I met the prisoner at Twickenham-common, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, going towards the prosecutrix's house, which was three miles further; I think he had a basket with him; I have known him many years, and am certain he is the man. I spoke to him.
JOHN GREENHILL. On Saturday, about one o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners about two hundred yards from the prosecutrix's house, with a basket - He wished my master good night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
