







526. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SOAMES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, a pocket-book, value 6d. a piece of paper with a certain stamp thereon, value 4s. another piece of stamped paper, value 6d. and two other pieces of stamped paper, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Souter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SOUTER
               



            . On the day in the indictment, I had been in Serjeant's Inn, Fleet-street; my pocketbook was safe then; I had a four shilling receipt stamp in it, one sixpenny one, and two three-penny ones, and several small ones, but I could not take upon myself to say what they were. I went from Serjeant's Inn up Ludgate Hill, into St. Paul's Church yard


; I had a young man with me that I was speaking to. When I got to the other end of St. Paul's a person accosted me, and said, you have lost your pocket-book; and I said, I have not. He said, did you not come up Ludgate Hill; and I told him I did. He then saed, I had again; and I felt in my pocket, and found it was gone. I gave him my address. I never saw the prisoners until I saw them at the Mansion House. On the Friday, in the next week, I received a note, and went and fetched my pocketbook.


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was in the City on the 20th of April, I met the prisoners, 
               
                  William 
                  Soames
               



            , and the two Coopers; they were going as if towards Charing Cross, and I was coming into the City, I met them all three in company together. I crossed over the way, and watched them for some time. When they got to the Bar, they made a turn, still keeping on the Temple side of the way, I kept at the other side of the way, and kept them in sight; they attempted a number of persons pockets; Soames attempted, and the others were covering; they came across the prosecutor, and another gentleman. They then turned back, and followed them into the City. I observed 
               
                  James 
                  Cooper
               



             go up to the pocket of Mr. Souter's friend,and make an attempt at his pocket, by tuching it, and passed by him at the same time. The gentleman turned round, and seeing no one kept his hand in that pocket afterwards. Then James Cooper joined in company with John Cooper and Soames, then they proceeded in following Mr. Souter and his friend; Soames went up to Mr. Souter's pocket and just as he was going to cross the road to go to Ludgate Hill, the other two were on the right and left of Soames untill they got to Creed-lane, and just as they were crossing the top of the lane, Soames went up to Mr. Souter's pocket, touched it at the bottom with one hand, and drew the pocket-book out with the other; he put it in his left side, inside his coat, and held his coat with his left arm, and then they turned down the lane; they ran down the lane. I persued them. I pretended to be lame all the time, and I don't think they were acquainted with my person; the short one, 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            , who had staid at the corner of the lane longer than the others, made a run after them. I then went down Ludgate Hill, and down Broad-way, expecting to double upon them; I ran as far as Blackfriars Bridge, thinking they would go over the water; but I could not catch sight of them. I then ran back as fast as I could up Ludgate Hill, and through St. Paul's Church-yard, in search of the prosecutor, and came in sight of him at the Cheapside end; I went up to him and told him that he had lost his pocket book; and he turned round, and looked at me, and said no, I have not. I then said, I was sure he had, for the noted Bill Soames had taken it out of his pocket. He then felt, and said, I have; and I told him he owed to his country to give me his address, and I would send for him when I apprehended them. The next day I saw Dickins, and we went in search of the prisoners. I laid hold of Soames on the Tuesday, one got away from Dickins. We took them before the Lord Mayor, I forget what day the prosecutor attended. I know them so well as to be enable to be sure of them. Mr. Souter shewed me a letter, and I went with him to the workhouse, where the pocket-b-k was delivered up to me. There was a letter directed to Mr. Souter in the pocket-book.


                  AUGUSTINE 
                  HILL CRADOCK
               



            . I live in the poorhouse. On the 20th of April, on going to get some work, namely, shoes to clean, and such like; I was away for about quarter of an hour. When I came back, I went up to my kettle, and found a pocketbook, and a long letter about work done in it; it is six weeks ago; I got a person to write a letter to Mr. Souter. Neither of the Bow street officers wrote that letter for me.
Soames's Defence. I am entirely innocent of this charge against me, and I wish to say Mr. Vaughan has declared he would send me out of the Country for life if he could; and tis a very hard case to be sent for this case, for I know nothing about it.
John Cooper's Defence. I am entirely innocent of it.


                  James 
                  Cooper
               



            's Defence. I am quite innocent of the charge.
SOAMES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.
JOHN COOPER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.
JAMES COOPER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.






               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
