






156. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HUCKLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HICKEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 28 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Todd
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . On Saturday the 18th of December, I saw the two prisoners in Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury


, walking backwards and forwards at the shop of 
               
                  William 
                  Todd
               



            , a linen-draper
. I was on the right hand side of the way, and Mr. Todd's shop is on the left. I saw one of the prisoners by the door of Mr. Todd's shop: the other was looking in at the window; they soon separated. I walked down towards Bloomsbury-square, and one of the prisoners came as if from Mr. Todd's shop; he gave the prisoner that is rather lame, a something which he put in his apron, (it was a foggy night), and after he had done so he walked by the shop again; he then made a return, and gave a whistle; the other prisoner cried, here I am. The prisoner was running at the time that is rather lame; he stopped, and the other prisoner came up with him, and when they got opposite Bedford chapel in Charles-street, the prisoners saw me coming, as I supposed; they were going to run, I caught them in my arms, and on the lame prisoner I found this piece of print. I then took them back to Mr. Todd's shop; I saw a lad in the shop; I asked him if he knew this piece of print; he said, yes, it was hanging within his shop within a quarter of an hour before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Todd, he is a linen-draper in Russel-street. When Mr. Vaughan took the prisoners he brought them in the shop; he asked me if I knew this piece of print. I told him I did it was Mr. Todd's property; Mr. Vaughan brought it back with the prisoners.
HUCKLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.
HICKEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
