





208. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH MILTON 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 6th of May
, was servant to 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Briggs
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him, and that he being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 1 l. 18 s. and that he afterwards, feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal 1 l. 4 s. part of the said sum
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I deal in feathers and flowers
. The prisoner was my servant
.
Q. Did you employ and entrust him to receive money for you - A. Yes; he was employed by me to sell feathers, and he was to bring me the money home every night. On the 6th of last May. Mr. Robson bought of the prisoner, feathers to the amount of one pound eighteen shillings. He was to sell the feathers at six shillings a pound. They cost me five shillings and six-pence. I gave him twenty-five shillings a week, and no commission.
MR. ROBSON. Q. In May last did you buy any feathers of the prisoner on account of the last witness - A. I did. This is the bill of parcels the prisoner gave me, and the receipt.
"London, May 6th, 1812.
Bought of Messrs. Briggs and Co. No. 3, Warwick street, Oxford-street,
Feathers, 4 Swansdown, at 6 s. - 1 l. 4 s.
2 Grey blues, at 7 s. - 0 14 s.
Received the contents, 1 l. 18 s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MILTON GREEN
               



            ."
Q. to Mr. Briggs. What is the meaning of that word
"Co." in that bill - A. I have no partners. That word is very common.
Q. Did he ever account to you for that money - A. No. I did not know that he had sold six feathers. He only accounted for two articles. He paid me only fourteen shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. With respect to the one pound eighteen shillings, on the 6th of May, that I am charged with, sorry would I be at all to attempt to to injure mortal being. I could not, by any means whatever, attempt to destroy my fellow man in any respect. I never was arraigned at the bar of justice before. I appeal to that Great and Almighty being, before whom I shall one day appear to answer for all the sins I ever have committed, and before whom all the ends of the earth must stand and tremble, at the vengeance of the Almighty. I never did attempt to injure any man whatever. I appeal to him who judgeth the hearts of all men. I have only to say that as I have been sworn against, my punishment, with Cain, of old, is greater than I can bear. I know in whom I have believed. I know that he is able to save to the uttermost. In him I believe, in him I trust. He will never leave me. I therefore commit myself humbly into his hands. If I am transported, my punishment will be death itself. I cannot bear it. My health is in a delicate state. I throw myself at your mercy. These gentlemen, who are to try me for death itself, and therefore, I know, I have an advocate with the father, Jesus Christ the Righteous, and he is the propitiation for my sins. He has made an atonement for me. I have poured out my soul in prayer to him, who is able to save to the uttermost. I commit myself to your mercy, and look to him on whom you shall look at the great and terrible day of judgment; when all nations of the earth shall stand before him, at whose bar have I pleaded guilty. I know nothing of the transaction of the 6th of May, merely only that all accounts of the 6th of May were settled with Mr. Briggs. I call on Mr. Briggs now, whom, perhaps, in some respects, I may have injured. I am sorry that ever I have injured him. With gratitude I must say in some respects I am indebted to him. Let him go to the utmost extremity, I forgive him freely, for all he has done or said, and brought against me. Man is but a creature of the day, that cannot foresee future events. When left to himself, he becomes fiercer than any beast that roves the woods of Africa or America. Oh, when the spirit of Christ departs from him, what a desperate state must he be in, and I will say, with David of old, let him who thinks he stands, takeheed least he fall. Surely wee see with our eyes; the sword is going through the nations of the earth and why are not we awakened. It is our sins we all see, though we are not brought to the bar of justice; for our sins we are securged. Pardon me for taking up your time. I only plead, and ask for mercy. I was tenderly brought up, and lost my father and mother in the infancy of my youth. They were snatched from me. In my situation I have no friends to come forward here in this country. I am friendless and desolate, cast upon a miserable world. I can say no more. I am quite overcome. Let your judgment be tempered with mercy, I beseech it. My prosecutor has not stated what I have done with the one pound four shillings. I kept an accompt in my pocket-book. I don't think I saw him produce that book to see whether there is, on the 6th of May, goods entered. If so, then I must have actually have handed him over the sum. He has not produced the Book to satisfy the gentlemen of the jury.
Prosecutor. This is the memorandum-book.
Q. Is there any entry on the 6th of May, of one pound eighteen shillings - A. No. Two grey blues, at seven. That is all. (The memorandum-book, bill, and receipt, handed to the jury.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years,
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
