





481. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, one hat, value 14s., the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Bryan
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Bryan
                        



.
CHARLES BRYAN. On the 10th of February, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock in the evening, I had my uncle's (
               
                  Robert 
                  Bryan
               



            ) hat in my hand. I was in St. Margaret's Church-yard, Westminster


, going towards the Bridge; the prisoner came up to me, and asked me what was o'clock, and snatched the hat out of my hand. I ran after him, and called out, stop thief! he was stopped near the gas-lights. He was only out of my sight while he turned the corner. After he was taken, he said another person had thrown the hat away, and shewed me where it was-it was mine.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. I am sure he is the boy.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WARE
               



            . I am a hearth-stone-maker. I heard the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner running away - I stopped him; he was not far from Bryan; he told me where the hat was-the boy claimed it.
Cross-examined. The prisoner pointed to the place.
LIEUT. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  STEWART
               



            . I was passing Palace-yard, and heard the alarm. I saw the prisoner running; I came up when he was stopped; he said he threw the hat into the church-yard.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Portland-road. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running out of the churchyard - He was running from the cry; nobody else was running.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
