





769. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, one handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ellis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN ELLIS. I am an attorney
. On the 10th of April I was in Fleet-street, near Setgeants'Inn


, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, with my brother. I had a book in my left-hand coat pocket, and my handkerchief in the other. The prisoner attempted to take the book out but did not succeed. I felt him, and turned round immediately. Upon my looking at him he came round to my face, and asked me what I wanted? I told him I wanted nothing, for I was aware of his object. He immediately came behind me, between me and the houses, and snatched my handkerchief out - I felt him take it, and looked round; he ran across the street with it in his hand. I followed him through a court - He was stopped at the top; a large crowd came round us. The handkerchief was not found on him. I had seen it in his hand.


                  HENRY 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am the last witness's brother. I was walking down Fleet-street with him - We were followed by a crowd, which I suspected to be pickpockets. I looked round-the prisoner passed before us, and asked us what we wanted? we said we wanted nothing. He turned round between my brother and the wall-my brother said he had picked his pocket - He ran off. I turned round, and saw his hand up to his coat. I did not see the handkerchief.


                  JOSEPH 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am a bookbinder. I was walking in Pemberton-row, Gough-square, and heard the cry of"Stop him, he has robbed me!"-the prisoner was the first that was running - I stopped him, and took him to the Compter. At the corner of Newgate-street we were molested by the gang, and knocked down two or three times.
Prisoner. Q. Did I knock you down - A. Yes; and twisted my neck handkerchief with your hand.


                  HENRY 
                  TOMPKINS
               



            . I live in Pemberton-row. I heard the cry, ran out, and saw the prisoner - Mr. Ellis said he had robbed him; we took him to the Compter. He wanted to go through several bye places. At the corner of Newgate-street he kept looking behind; he then said,"I will not go." The gang came up, and tried to rescue him-Reeve was knocked down. We got him to the Compter with difficulty. I was struck.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running up the court, and the men stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
