







1471. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               




            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHIELDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, one coat, value 18s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Grant
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
EDMUND PEPPER. I am a constable. On the 22d of October, I was in Cranbourn-street, about seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoners, Wood and Randall, lurking about, and Shields standing at a window; all three went into Covent-garden together - I followed them into Drury-lane and saw Wood and Randall attempt a shop in Princes-street; they waited about a few minutes, and then went into Holborn to a pawnbroker's shop at the corner of Bloomsbury-steps; Wood went in, and the other two waited at the door; I had not seen the coat - I went into the shop and found him offering it in pledge; I asked him where he got it, he said a boy at the door gave it to him - I called Brothers, who was with me, and gave him in charge; I went out and brought the other two in and took them to Bow-street.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I had not seen the coat all the way.
HANNAH GRAHAM. I am shopwoman to John Grant, Rider's-court, Craubourn-street; the coat hung outside the door. On the 22d of October, I missed it at six o'clock,I had seen the coat about ten minutes before-it could be reached from the outside.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Parker, pawnbroker, at the corner of Bloomsbury steps. On the 22d of October, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner, Wood, offered the coat in pledge for 6s. I declined taking it-the constable came and secured him.
WOOD'S Defence. Two men threw it on my shoulder in Cranbourn-street. I met with the prisoner, and we went to pledge it.
RANDALL'S Defence. I met him with the coat, he asked us to go with him.
SHIELD'S Defence. It is as Randall has said.
WOOD. - GUILTY. Aged 13.
RANDAL. - GUILTY. Aged 16.
SHIELDS. - GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               Stealing, but not privately
            . 




               Confined One Year
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
