





142. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, one jacket, value 6 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; one pair of stockings, value 2 s., and one pair of shoes, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Akers
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  AKERS
               



            . I am second mate of a West India ship
. The prisoner came home in the ship with me, and was paid off after we arrived. On the 26th of November, he came to me, and said he was in great distress, and had nothing to eat for four or five days; he said he would be glad if I would get him employment, and that he would work a few days for his victuals. The captain refused to take him, but at last, by my pleading hard for him, he did take him; I had before told him to go to work, and that I would pay him if the captain would not; in the evening I told the boy to shew him his bed, which he did, and I went ashore and left him there. In the morning, I returned, and found my chest broken open, my clothes were taken out and he gone; he had left his old jacket, shoes and stockings behind. I went ashore to look for him, but could not find him. On the 4th of December, I met him in Ratcliffe highway, he hung his head on seeing me; I collared him, and asked what he had done with my property? he said he had sold them in Rosemary-lane, except the trowsers, jacket, shoes, and stockings, which were on his back; I gave him in charge at the watch-house - I knew the things to be mine.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a patrol, and took the prisoner in charge; he said he took the prosecutor's clothes, and had some of them on his back, but had sold the rest to a Jew in Rosemary lane; he said the prosecutor had been a good friend to him, and he deserved whatever might come to him.
Prisoner's Defence. He told me to put the trowsers on, I found the jacket among some rubbish; I know nothing of the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
