






1008. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUFFETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HEARNE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, thirty-five penny-pieces, and fifty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butters
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Chandler
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTTERS
               



            . I am a grocer and confectioner

; my partner's name is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Chandler
               



            . About seven o'clock in the evening, I observed the two prisoners in the shop in, custody of an officer, of the name of Johnson; Johnson asked me if I had not missed a five shilling paper off the desk; I looked on the desk, and said, yes. I found a five shilling paper was gone; the officer took the prisoners into the accompting-house, and searched them, and out of Duffett's pocket, he took out a five shilling paper of halfpence together; I had seen the paper of halfpence on the desk about half an hour before the officer came in.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Chandler and Butters, Princes-street, Soho


. On the 13th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, Hearne came into the shop, and bought half an ounce of lemon-peal and peppermint drops, to the amount of three-pence. The halfpence were on the desk, about a yard from Hearne. Hearne went out. Duffett came in, and asked for half an ounce of refined liquorice, as I was making up the liquorice, the officer brought in Hearne, and seized Duffett: the officer called me to help to hold the prisoners.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On my coming up Compton-street, into Princes-street, I saw the two prisoners in company together; they walked up and down Princes-street together, looking into different shops; they went to the corner house, and sat upon the steps, both the prisoners; it was opposite of Chandler and Butters's shop. Hearne went into Chandler and Butters's shop, and when he came out Duffett went in; he asked for something as I supposed, and while the shopman went into the accompting-house, he took something from between the rails of the desk, and put it into his pocket; Hearne was watching him. I took Hearne into the shop, and seized Duffett. I asked the shopman if he had missed any thing off the desk; he looked on the desk, and saw the paper of halfpence were gone. I took this paper of halfpence out of Duffett's pocket. They are mostly new halfpence and penny-pieces.
Mr. Butters. I believe that paper of halfpence and penny-pieces to be mine; I tied it up the evening before.
DUFFETT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
HEARN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
