





1145. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LIPSCOMB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 21 live tame rabbits, value 10s.; one packet of seeds, value 1s. 6d.; one box, value 2s.; eleven marking-irons, value 10s.; 400 cauliflower plants, value 10s., and 30lbs. of potatoes, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Druce
                  




               
            , Esq.


F. LANGFIELD. I am gardener to John Druce, Esq., who lives at Fulham


. On the 2d of May, about six o'clock in the morning, I went into the garden, and missed the property and twenty-one rabbits - They were safe the night before. I traced the footsteps of two persons. The prisoner's son is eighteen years of age - He has been tried here. I saw the rabbits found under the ground-floor of the prisoner's house, the same day.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I never saw the prisoner on the premises.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Brown, who lives in the neighbourhood of Mr. Druce. I received information, and went to the prisoner's house with the officer, about seven o'clock in the evening of the 2d of May; I found eleven rabbits under the floor, and a box of marking-irons, concealed under some wrapper and rubbish in the garden, and a quantity of new potatoes.
Cross-examined. The house is a quarter of a mile from Mr. Druce's.
EDWARD PAYNTER. My garden joins the prisoner's. I saw the goods at six o'clock on the 2d of May, which was an hour before the officers came; I had seen him constantly for four or five days before, he lived at home; I never saw him afterwards until Sunday the 20th of July-if he had been at home I must have seen him before.
Cross-examined. His sons could not manage the garden by themselves.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I searched the house with the officer, and found the seeds and eleven rabbits, under the ground-floor, there were more there, but we could not get them out; we searched for the prisoner, but could not find him until the 20th of July.
Cross-examined, There was a hole which led under the flooring.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  FREE
               



            . I am a gardener at Fulham. On the day after the robbery, about two o'clock, the prisoner came to me and said, "I suppose you have heard about my affair; I told him I had, and was very sorry; he said,"what do you think they can do to me?" I told him he had better surrender and impeach the rest - He shook his head, but made no reply. I told him if the guilt was brought home to him the law would transport him; he said some advised him to surrender and some not. I then left him, and did not see him after. I used to pass his garden two or three times daily, but never saw him - I used to see him every day before.
Cross-examined. I have told the very words he said. He said some told him to surrender to get his son off.
Prisoner's Defence. I got a constant place in the country, and used to come home every Saturday night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
