





493. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     SPIERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, a banknote, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I live at 55, Gloucester-street, Queen-square. On the 5th of May I was coming up Bell-yard, Temple-bar


; the prisoner accosted me, and laid hold of my arm. She asked me to go into a cart with her. I refused, and stopped, and had a little conversation with her. I perceived her drawing my watch out of my pocket. I asked her, what she was going to do with my watch. She said, nothing. She then ran away. I recollected that I had got a one-pound note in my right hand breeches pocket, which I found was gone. I pursued her, and stopped her. I called the watchman, and she was taken to the watchhouse. Upon searching her, the note was found which I swore to.
Q. You did not perceive her take your note - A. No, only my watch.
Q. You did not give her the note; did you - A. No. I am not in circumstances to give a note away in that manner.


                  THOMAS 
                  TURPSEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty in Bell-yard. I heard the prosecutor cry out. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse. I searched the prisoner, and found this one-pound note under her arm.
Prosecutor. It is my note.
Mr. Curwood. Were you perfectly sober - A. I was.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor spoke to me by Temple-bar. We went up Apollo-court. He gave me a note. I was half an hour in his company. I left him to go to Carey-street. As to his watch, I never touched it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
