





1390. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BATES
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, twenty-eight yards of cotton, value 1l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Garner
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN WEAVER
               



            . On the 4th of September, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was in Long-acre


, and saw the prisoner lurking about the prosecutor's shop, he went backward and forward, several times; he went up to the door, and took the print off the rail inside the shop door, and ran over into Bow-street. I went and informed the prosecutor - we went in pursuit of him; I knew the prisoner before, we took him in White Hart-yard. I pointed him out to the shopman there. The property was not found.


                  HENRY 
                  ENGLISH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Thomas Garner. Weaver informed me the print was taken, I immediately missed it. She went with me - We found the prisoner in White Hart-yard coming out of his house; he denied having been in Long-acre that evening, and said his name was not Bates. He broke from me-the watchman took him.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove where I was at the time.


                  LOUISA 
                  HALL
               



            . I live in the prisoner's father's house in White Hart-yard, he was at home from eight to ten o'clock, and had not been out three minutes before he was taken.
Q. How far is Long-acre from the house - A. Not far; the prisoner's father deals in old stores.
-HAWELL. The witness, Weaver, works with me in Drury-lane. I heard her say she did not see the prisoner take the cotton, for it was taken while she went in to tell the shopman that there was a suspicious character at the door.


                  ANN 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I work with Weaver. She said she did not see the prisoner take the print.


                  MARY 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I heard her say she did not see the prisoner take it.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             WEAVER. The witnesses work in the same room with me; I never said any such words.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
