





882. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CUMBERLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of July
, a handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Furneaux
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FURNEAUX
               



            . I am a clerk
 in Queen-street, Clerkenwell. I am a house-keeper. I lost my handkerchief on Monday the 12th of July, between the hours of twelve and one at noon, in Newgate-street


. I was going up Skinner-street, towards the city; I heard a person close after me; I looked behind me, and I saw the prisoner close behind me. I went on; he kept close after me until I got into Newgate-street; I clapped my hand to my pocket, put my handkerchief further in. When I came into Newgate-street, at a bookseller's shop, people were standing there; I could not pass so well. The prisoner was closer to me than before. I kept on, but not quite so fast as before, and then the prisoner was closer upon me than before; then I felt a twitch at my pocket. I immediately put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I looked round, and saw the prisoner going on the other side of the street, and I had lost my handkerchief. I followed the prisoner. As soon as I began to follow him he began to run. I cried stop thief, and he threw the handkerchief into a cart; I saw him do that; he threw the handkerchief in the cart; I took it out, and still pursued him. He ran into Christ's Hospital, and in the square he was caught. I have no doubt he was the person. I saw his person previous to his doing the act. I am perfectly sure the prisoner is the man. There was no person running away but himself; there were several pursuing of him. He appeared to have no accomplice whatever. The officer has the handkerchief.
Q. What was the worth of this handkerchief - A. Four shillings. That is a low value.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I did not see any thing of this business. He was delivered to me. The prisoner was stopped before I came up. The handkerchief was delivered over to me; I produce it.
Prosecutor. That is my handkerchief; I delivered it to the constable.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running through the hospital; two men stopped me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
