






368. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOUSE
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WHITE-MAN
               




             were indicted, for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Bellamy
                     




                  , in the King's highway, on the 10th of March
, and for putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, four waistcoats, value 15s. a pair of pantaloons, value 3s. a handerchief, value 3s. and a five pound bank not
            e.
JAMES BELLAMY. On my return home between twelve and one o'clock on saturday evening, the day in the indictment, near the Bunch of Grapes, at Brompton


. I met the prisoner Whiteman; she rushed up against me, and thrust her hand into my left hand breeches pocket. and took out a purse, containing a five pound bank of England note. I had not been walking with her at all. I told her she had robbed me, and immediately the other prisoner came up behind me and knocked me down. Getting up again he knocked me down, and did so two or three times. I had a bundle with me when she first came up to me in a silk handkerchief; it contained the articles in the indictment. When he knocked me down, the bundle fell and she threw it away. I then called the watchman, who took them both, and sent for another watchman, and then took them to the watch-house. I saw my bundle again in about five minutes after that. I never saw my note again.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LINTON
               



            . I was at the Bunch of Grapes, at Brompton. The two prisoners had been drinking there that night, in company with each other; they went away at about half past eleven, together. After they went out, I heard a noise opposite our house; I looked out of the window, and saw the gentleman who was robbed, and the two prisoners. I heard the female prisoner talking to another woman whom she wanted to hide the bundle, and by what she said, I conceived she had the bundle in her possession; and she said, she had got the note. She wanted the other girl to run away with the bundle.
HOUSE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WHITEMAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbot.
