





480. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EVANS
                  , alias 
CHARLES SLATER





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Ward
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of four in the afternoon of the 15th of March, 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Ward
                        



                     
                  , and others, then in the house being, and stealing, eleven books, value 11 s. one umbrella, value 5 s. and part of a watch stand, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ward
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN WARD
               



            . I am the daughter
 of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ward
               



            . At the time of the robbery, my father had a house in the parish of St. Luke's


. On the 15th of March, about four in the afternoon, my father was absent, there were three people in the house besides myself, lodgers; at four o'clock, on the 15th of March, I was taking my tea in the one pair of stairs room; I had locked my father's room below, and had the key in my pocket. I thought I heard a noise in the room below; I looked out of the one pair of stairs window, 
               
                  Martha 
                  Rian
               



             was coming by the house, she said there is a man in your room below, he is a coming out; I said, there is no such thing; I knew I had locked the door, and had got the key in my pocket; I ran down stairs, and saw the prisoner with a bundle and an umbrella in his hand; as soon as he saw me, he threw the things down, and ran out of the room.
Q Is the prisoner the man - A. Yes, I believe he is the man When he saw me coming, he threw the bundle down, they were tied up in my apron; he took away a shirt that has never been recovered; he threw away all the other things; these are them; they are my father's property. The prisoner lived in the same court as I lived; I ran to the end of the court, and saw the prisoner go to the wine-vaults in Whitecross-street. I went and fetched Prince, the officer; he was taken in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am a constable. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ward
               



             fetched me, and took me to a house in Whitecross-street where the prisoner was drinking; I took him into custody with the assistance of Mr. Merrick.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
