





789. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, two sheets, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Turner, who lives in Fitzroy-place, New Road


. On the 11th of February I lost two sheets from the back of my house, where they hung to dry - I saw them again at the latter end of March. A person might get over the wall into the yard.


                  JANE 
                  PRIEST
               



            . I live in George-street, Hampstead-road. I lived in Crane's house at Camden Town - I lived there three or four months. About the end of March last I sold the prisoner a pair of breeches for 5 s.; he said if I would meet him at night he would give me the money. I saw him a few evenings after - he said he had not got the money, but he had got the duplicate of a pair of sheets, which I should have for 3 s., and he would give me the other 2 s. as soon as he could. I did not give him a positive answer, but he left the ticket with me till he could pay me; he said they were his, and that they were a very nice pair. I gave the ticket to Davis; this is it - (looking at it.)
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that Davis was to pay you so much a day to false swear yourself - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAFTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobree, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. This pair of sheets were pledged at our shop, I did not take them in. The duplicate produced is the one given for them. I have the counterpart. They were pledged on the 11th of February, in the name of Leslie.



                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The duplicate was delivered to me by 
               
                  Jane 
                  Priest
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years, and never had any words with him.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  LESLIE
               



            . (This witness refused to be sworn, and was recommitted - see page 279 last Session.)
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never took any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
