





222. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, two silver pepper castors, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  PETER 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I live with Mr. Alderman Goodbehere and company, in Cheapside.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I think I have seen him before. I saw him on the 23d of January, between two and three o'clock, he came in the shop; he brought two silver pepper castors to sell as old silver; I suspected him by his calling at our house before. I took the pepper castors in question to my employers in the accompting-house, and mentioned the circumstance to them, and they ordered me to go to Mr. Robinson's; I went there; he is an inn-keeper
 at the Angel inn, Angel-street


.
Q. Did the prisoner leave the shop - A. No; our gentlemen kept him in conversation till I came back; I went to the Angel and brought Mrs. Robinson.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a waiter at the Angel, Angel-street.
Q. Who is the proprietor of the Angel inn - 
               A. John Robinson
            .
Q. Upon the 23d of January did Mr. Reynolds come to your house and give you any information - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of that did you miss anything - A. Yes, two pepper castors, I missed them the moment I went in the room.
Q. Now before you went with Reynolds I would ask you did you know the person of the prisoner, did you know whether the prisoner at the bar had been at your house - A. Yes, about twenty minutes before two on that day I saw him myself at the house.
Q. What room did he come in - A. In the coffee-room.
Q. Were those silver castors in use in the coffee-room - A. There is an ordinary at two o'clock, and I put four silver castors on the table, one on each corner.
Q. So that if any person was inclined to behave dishonest towards them they were easy to come at - A. Yes.
Q. You did not return with Reynolds to Mr. Alderman Goodbehere's - A. No, the other waiter, 
               
                  John 
                  Metcalfe
               



            .
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before - A. No.
Q. Are you sure that he was at the house that day - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  METCALFE
               



            . Q. Were you a waiter at the Angel upon the 23d of January - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the prisoner and tell me whether you saw him upon that day - A. I did not. I know nothing further than what the other waiter told me.
Q. In consequence of any thing that you heard did you go with Reynolds to Mr. Alderman Goodbehere's - A. I did.
Q. Had you seen the pepper castors in use that day - A. I put them upon the table myself that day, about twenty minutes before two o'clock in the coffee-room.
Q. After Reynolds had brought that information to the Angel did you find these pepper castors were missing - A. Yes.
Q. How long before Reynolds gave you this information had you seen them in the coffee-room - A. I never saw them again until Mr. Reynolds came, he came about a quarter after two; I had seen them about half an hour before. The two pepper castors were brought back by Mr. Reynolds to the coffee-room and then they were taken from the coffee-room to the shop where the prisoner was.
Q. Were they the same pepper castors that you had put upon the table, and they were your master's were not they - A. Yes, they had my master's initials upon them. I can positively say I know them well. I had been there about eight or nine months, and had them in my hand every day.
Q. to Reynolds Did you shew Metcalfe the same pepper castors that the prisoner brought to your house for sale - A. Yes, I shewed him the very same that the prisoner produced at our house for sale.
Q. to French. Did you see the prisoner at Mr. Alderman Goodbehere's - A. Yes.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing - A. No, he did not say a word.
Q. Was he charged with offering those pepper castor's for sale - A. He was asked several questions, but he would not answer one word.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . These are my father's property, I only prove the property to be my father's. They are the pepper castors delivered to John Tanner the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  TANNER
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to Mr. Alderman Goodbehere's to take charge of the prisoner.
Q. What charge was given against the prisoner in the prisoner's hearing - A. Coming there to sell these two pepper castors as stolen property; he did not say any thing. I search him, he had no further property upon him.
Q. Did he deny offering them for sale - A. No, he said he was very sorry for it. These are the castors.
Q. to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Robinson
               



            . Have you any share in the business - A. No. I am son to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



            .
Q. Has your father any person that has a share with him in the business - A. No, none.
Q. How long have you known these castors, what letters or marks upon them - A. I and P R, John and 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Robinson
               



            .
Q. Did you claim them in the presence of the prisoner to be your father's - A. No, I did not.
Q. What is the worth of them - A. About thirty shillings.
Q. Had you seen them on the 23d of January - A. No, I had not.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner at your house - A. No, I do not know I had, but I am not much at home.
Q. to Metcalfe. Tell me whether these are the castor's that were set out that day - A. I am perfectly sure they are the same.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at your house before - A. No, to the best of my knowledge.

Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate distressed man, I have lately come from Manchester, I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
