








508. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HALL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BIRD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January

, sixty-four yards of calico, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  White
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JAQUES
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lewis, of the Navy Office. On the 9th of January, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Newcastle-street



, and saw the three prisoners, Hall, Wells, and Bird (I knew Hall and Bird before by sight, having seen them several times), talking together, I was going up the street, and saw Wells go from the rest, as far as Mr. White's shop-door, I was standing at the door of a school - He returned, and spoke to the other two; then Bird went down to the shop and took the cloth off the chair, that was outside the door-it was a bundle - He ran up the street with it; he passed me quite quick; he said nothing to the other prisoners, they walked up the street. White's shop is twelve doors down, in an opposite direction. I crossed over, and told Mr. White that I knew two of the boys.
Prisoner BIRD. Q. Did Wells follow me - A. They went the same way.


                  EDWARD 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. White; I tied three pieces of calico together, and put them outside the shop door, I missed them about half-past nine. Black gave me information-there were fifty-four yards. I sent for an officer, and accompanied him to No. 2, Charlescourt, Ship-yard, Temple-bar, and found the things. The prisoner, Jaques, run out and went away. I am sure it was her, I followed her but she got away.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I accompanied Fisher, and found the three pieces of calico, each of them had been cut, they were concealed behind the bed; the prisoner, Jaques, run out as I went in; she acknowledged going out, and taking Wells under her gown.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOSEPH BERRY. I am a constable. I apprehended all the prisoners by the description which Smith gave me. I have known Hall and Bird sometime. I took Hall at his house in Shire-lane, near Ship-yard. I took Wells in Holborn, and Bird, on Holborn-hill. I took Jaques on the 14th of February, in Oxford-road.
HALL. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WELLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
BIRD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JAQUES-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. J. Vaillant, Esq.
