





213. 
               
                  ANN 
                  TURNER, alias 
AKERS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a watch, value 30 s. three silver table-spoons, value 30 s. five dessert-spoons, value 25 s. two gowns, value 10 s. and a shift, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Louch
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in her dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  LOUCH
               



            . I live in White Lion-street, Pentonville, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell


. I am unmarried. The prisoner lived servant
 with me. I keep a dwelling-house. The prisoner came to me on the 15th of November; she staid with me until the 9th of January; she then left me without any notice. In the evening, at half past four, I left her in the house; at half past seven she was gone. I cannot say between them hours what hour she might go. After she was gone I missed five dessert-spoons, three table-spoons, and a watch; that was all that I missed at that time. I discovered that evening at eight there was a gown of mine gone, and two days after I missed two gowns. The gowns were at the top of the house, in a room that we leave the linen that is to be washed.
Q.When had you seen the spoons - A. I saw the dessert-spoons before I went out.
Q. Have you seen any of these things since - A. Only the two gowns and the watch I have seen since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSELTON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 20th of January, in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch. She lodged with another woman. I told her I came from Mrs. Louch, of Pentonville; she seemed very much embarassed. I asked her what she had done with her mistress's watch; she said she had pawned it at Brentford. She gave me this ticket for two gowns and a shift; the two gowns in the duplicate belong to another case; the shift to this case. I went to Brentford and stopped the watch. Mrs. Louch has claimed the shift at the office. I asked her what she had done with the three table-spoons and the five dessert-spoons; she said she had pawned them at different pawnbrokers, and she sold two of the small spoons to a Jew in Whitechapel for four shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker at Brentford. I produce a watch pawned with me for one pound in the name of Aker. I have seen the prisoner before; I do not recollect her.


                  ANN 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I lodge and board with Mrs. Louch. I know the spoons were there on Sunday morning, the 9th of January, and the watch; they were gone before night.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at the watch - A. This is my watch; it is the watch I lost out of my house. I have never got my spoons again.
Q. to Thisselton. Produce the shift and two gowns - A. These two gowns I found in the prisoner's bundle in the room when I apprehended her. She said she had cut the bodies off to make petticoats of them, and this shift was sent to me by Mr. Nicolls, pawnbroker, of Brentford; he is at Union-hall today. He gave the shift to Mr. Mitchell, who gave it to me to-day.
Prosecutrix. The gowns and the shift are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am very sorry.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
