






926. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     DAY
                  , otherwise 
DEE






            , was indictedfor 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of September

, one sheet, value 4 s. three table-spoons value 18 s. one tablecloth, value 2 s. 6 d. two child's napkins value 1 s. a tea-spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. two tablecloths, value 11 s. one sheet, value 4 s. one tablecloth, value 1 s. two tea-spoons, value 2 s. 6 d. one table-spoon, value 8 s. 6 d. three tablecloths, value 1 l. one curtain, value 3 s. one pair of snuffers, value 3 s. and one waistcoat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dollman
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , AND 
               
                  MARTHA alias 
                        
MARY 
                        FAIRBANK
                     
               





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been feloniously, stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOLLMAN
               



            . I live at 30, Foley-place, Cavendish-square



. The prisoner Day lived with me as servant from March, until the 6th of this month. My wife told me, the prisoner had robbed her of some spoons; and I received twenty-three duplicates. On the, following day, I had the prisoner apprehended. She stated that Fairbank pledged the different articles. I told her before hand, that if she confessed, it might do her an injury. She gave the residence of Fairbank, and the constable went and apprehended her. On Fairbank being apprehended, she confessed her guilt, and said, she would contribute her part towards the recovery of the articles stolen. Fairbank had assisted the other prisoner during my wife's confinement.


                  MARIA 
                  DOLLMAN
               



            . On the afternoon of the 6th instant, I desired the prisoner Day to bring me five table-spoons; and she only brought me one, for a long time; she went, and brought me tea spoons. She came up in a little time, confessed she had parted with them and produced the duplicates. I told her I missed some linen also, and other articles; and she confessed she had pawned them, and gave me a great many duplicates.
BENJAMIN NASH. I apprehended both the prisoners, and twenty-three duplicates were delivered to me by Mr. Dollman. The pawnbrokers are here; they will produce most of the things. Both the prisoners confessed, and there was no promise nor any thing.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM OSMOND
               



            . I produce a sheet, pawned for four shillings, to me, which Fairbank pledged; also three table spoons, on the 26th of June; another on the 3rd of July, one on the 10th of July, a tablecloth on the 20th of June, two child's napkins on the 15th of July, a tea spoon on the 19th of June; Fairbank pledged all those things, except the napkins. I don't know who pledged them.


                  EDWARD 
                  DYER
               



            . I produce two tablecloths, pawned on the 4th of August; a sheet, on the 19th of May; a tablecloth the same day. I don't know who pawned them.


                  RICHARD 
                  WAYMAN
               



            . I produce two tea spoons, pawned on the 28th of August; another on the 1st of September; three tablecloths, on the 11th of August; one on the 8th of August, and a curtain, a pair of snuffers, and a waistcoat, all pledged on the same day. All these things were pledged by the prisoner Fairbank.
Mr. Dollman. The spoons, curtains, snuffers, and waistcoat, I know to be mine.
DAY, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
Of stealing to the amount of 39 s. only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FAIRBANK, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.





               Confined a year
            , and 




               fined 1 s
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
