





541. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DENNIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
, a coat, value 30 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. a waistcoat, value 1 s. and four shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Golding
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Stokes
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOLDING
               



            . I am a grocer
; I live at No. 6, Cross-street, Finsbury-square


, and I have the care of Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Stokes
               



            's house. No. 9, South street, Finsbury square. On Sunday the 16th of June Roberts brought the prisoner into Mr. Stokes's kitchen, and called me; I was in the water closet; I came down stairs, I saw the prisoner with the things belonging to me under his arm, I had left on the table in the kitchen two minutes before; I looked on the table and saw the money gone as well as the clothes; four shillings was wanting. I examined the bundle that he had under his arm, he had a coat, waistcoat, and breeches, and four shillings in his hand. I took care of the clothes, and gave them to the officer. I asked the prisoner what he did it for; he said he did it for want. We marked the shillings when we found them.
Q. Were these things laying on the table so that people passing along in the street could see them - A. No; the table was at the further end of the kitchen.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I live in service with Mr. Gappards, No. 8, South-street, Finsbury-square, next door to Mr. Stokes. On the 16th of June, between twelve and one, I saw the prisoner coming down the area-steps of Mr. Gappard's house, he came towards the kitchen door and begged charity; he said he was a very poor man, he wanted a few halfpence to bear his expences that night; I gave him sixpence, with which he was seemingly thankful. One of my masters sons were in the kitchen, he said, Robert, I think he is an imposter, you had better look after him. I went up our area steps, and looked after him; I saw him going down Mr. Stokes's are a steps, he advanced towards the kitchen door, he went into the kitchen; in a minute and a half after I saw him coming out with a bundle under his left arm. I met him on the area steps and stopped him; I took him into Mr. Stokes's kitchen; I called Golding who was in the care of the house; I asked him it that was his property; he said, yes, it was his property; the prisoner had his coat, waistcoat, and breeches; Golding looked on the table where he had left the things; he said, I suppose my money is gone also. The prisoner said here is your money, he had four shillings in his left hand. I then went for an officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, I only found a knife upon him. I have had the things in my possession ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. 
               
                  William 
                  Golding
               



             kept me in custody during the time that man was found to take me in custody.
GUILTY, aged 38.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
