





16. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , one 10 l., and six 1 l. Bank notes
            , his property.


                  GEORGE 
                  JACKSON
               



            . On the evening of the 14th of November, there was a house on fire in Charlotte-street, St. Pancras


; living in the neighbourhood, I went about half-past ten o'clock to ascertain if it was out. When I got nearly opposite the house, there was suddenly a great rush, apparently of pick-pockets; I was suddenly lifted off my feet above the persons' shoulders, and completely carried by them, at that moment I felt a hand at my right hand pocket, being determined to secure it, I gave no alarm, but forced my hand down, and took hold of a hand in my pocket, then cried out, loudly, some one was robbing me, his hand is in my pocket, and I have hold of it; the persons round me said,
"Hold him fast;" which I did, and said,
"Gentlemen, stand round me, or the thief will be rescued." Some respectable persons were nearer to me than the gang - they were hustled with me. I found it was the prisoner's hand, they laid hold of him. A gentleman who had hold of him, said his hand was full of paper; he found my 16 l. in his hand, and the gentleman handed it over to me. I never let his hand go until I collared him. There were one 10 l. and six 1 l. notes. I produce them, and know them to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. The paper was on my arm. I did not take it out of his pocket.



               GUILTY
             Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
