





847. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THORNTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of September
, eight brass castors, value 5 s. a japan waiter, value 6 d. a lamp, value 6 d. and a box iron stand, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Lloyd
                  




               
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I live in the Strand


, I am an ironmonger
, the prisoner was a porter of mine. On the 28th of September, I told the prisoner I insisted upon going to his lodgings to see if he had robbed me; he told me he lodged in Butcherhall-lane. On our setting out of the door instead of turning to Butcherhall-lane, he turned to Drury-lane; when he got to Drury-lane I asked him where he was going; he said, to his wife, in Long-acre; I told him to walk on; he had a short jacket on, he was walking on; I saw he was concealing something, I did not know that he had any property of mine about him; I saw something fall down his breeches to his thigh, I was then certain that he had something about him belonging to me; I was then near paved court in Drury-lane, I told him that was the way to Long-acre, I wanted to get him to Bow-street, I got him to the top of Bow-street; I said I must go down Bow-street to call upon a gentleman, he said he would not, and ran, I called, stop thief; he turned up a court at the top of Bow-street, he was stopped. I then told him that he should go before a magistrate with me; he said, he had stole nothing, he would not; with the assistance of some people there, I got him to the office; an officer searched him, and found my property in his breeches; in his pockets were other things. We went to his lodgings lodgings in Butcherhall-lane, we found several other things.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street, I searched the prisoner; in the right thigh of his breeches I found this castor, in his jacket pocket Ifound this fork and another castor; I asked him who they belonged to; he said, his master; at his lodging I found this box iron stand, a japan waiter and a japanned lamp.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
