





647. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FRANKLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Escombe
                        




                     
                   in the King's highway, on the 22nd of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 4 l. his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ESCOMBE
               



            . I live at No. 8, Colonade, near the Foundling. On the 22d of July, between twelve and one at night, I was coming home, in Holborn


, just by the Coach and Horses watering-house, the prisoner came up to me; she put her arm round my waist, and immediately I found my watch go from my fob; I catched hold of her handkerchief, she cried out, murder, I cried out I am robbed; two hackney-coachmen came up and held me while she ran away; I could have held her if it had not been for those fellows
Q. How lately before she came up to you had you felt your watch in your pocket - A. Not two minutes before.
Q. This was in the street, was it - A. Yes; I was walking on the pavement, in middle-row, Holborn, going home, when she took the watch from me; I am sure the prisoner is the woman; I saw her three or four different time before, walking the street; she was taken up on the 31st of July, I described her person, 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             took her up.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . Escombe lodges with me. On Monday morning he came home near one o'clock; he told me he had been robbed, and described the person.
Q. Did you go in search of the person that robbed him of his watch - A. I did; we found the prisoner on the 31st of July, between nine and ten at night, she and another was walking before us; he said, here she is; she went into a public house, and we followed the moment she turned round from the fire-place and saw him, she was very much confuse, and whispered to the other girl.
Q. How was she confused - A. She looked very pale, and was quite struck, and whispered to the other girl. I asked her whether she knew that young man; when I came into the passage with her, the landlord came out and touched her on the arm, and while I was talking to her about this young man, she ran away and spanked the doors after her; I pursued her into Short's gardens, I there saw her go into a house; the watchman sprang his rattle; we went and searched the house, and on the first landing-place on the stairs I apprehended her. I then said to her, why, if you are innocent, did you run away. She said, she would not come down; I pulled her away, and took her to the watch-house, and searched her the next morning; I found nothing but two letters.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Of stealing, but not violently from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
