





278. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, two shirts, value 10 s. six cravats, value 12 s. four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Green
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 10 s. and eight papers of halfpence, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Green
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of John Green
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live at No. 11, Chapple-path, Somerstown, in the parish of St. Pancras


. I keep a dwelling-house there. We lost a black coat; the linen belonged to a gentleman, it was in my place to be washed. The black coat was my brothers, 
               
                  William 
                  Green
               



            , and two pound in copper. I saw the copper on my brother's work board, he is a taylor
. I am a cabinet maker; the prisoner is a taylor; the prisoner went away on Sunday the 29th; I never saw him after until I saw him in New Prison, Clerkenwell; I believe he was taken up for thieving brass candlesticks. That is the account he gave me; he in prison writ where he had pledged the things; I got the shirts, the shirts are worth five shillings each, the coat worth ten shillings; the prisoner gave me two handkerchiefs out of his pocket belonging to the same gentleman, he said he had sold one of the cravats for sixpence, in Mary-le-bone-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing at all to say. I leave it to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
