





876. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EDNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, three pair of pistols, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hewson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HEWSON
               



            . I am a gunmaker
, and live in Piccadilly


. On the 27th of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was at the back of the shop; my son was going out, and said the shop-window was broken, and the person, who did it was walking away; I went out and laid hold of the prisoner - my son pointed him out to me - he had got about five doors off. I charged him with it; he denied it, and at that instant Thompson came up and said,
"This is him - I saw him do it." I sent for a constable, who found a knife and some wire on him. I lost three odd pistols out of the window.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEWSON
               



            . I am the son of the last witness. I was going out and saw the prisoner come off the step of the next door; I looked round, saw the glass cut, and a pistol laying half out. I informed my father, who went out, and took the prisoner. I am sure he is the boy - the window is close to where he stood.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was passing Mr. Hewson's, saw the prisoner on the steps, and the window cut; his hand was on the pistol, in the act of throwing it out when he perceived me. He came down from the steps, and ran by to the corner of Air-street; Mr. Hewson came out and took him - my eyes were never off him. I am sure he is the boy - there was another boy about two yards from him, whom I did not see after the prisoner was taken.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner, and found a knife, and some wire with a hook to it, on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The wire is bell-wire.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
