





1290. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, fifteen live tame pigeons, price 30s.; and six live tame rabbits, price 12s,
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Pulley
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Pulley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pulley
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLBROOK
               



            . I am a patrol. I know Mr. Pulley's premises. On the 30th of July, about four o'clock in the morning I was coming along Love-lane


, I heard a noise in his chaise-house, which is at the end of the lane; I got over into the field by the premises and looked over the fence and found his dog apparently in a fit; Eyles was with me - I saw the staple of the stable-door broken off, I got over and looked through the boards; the door opened, somebody looked out and shut it again - He opened it again - He had a bag - He shut and opened it again; I heard him drop himself down, and make towards the gate; Eyles got over the rails, and asked him what he did there, it was the prisoner, he said he had been in liquor and got there out of the wet; the gates were also broken open - He ran away into Dalston, I never lost sight of him, he got over into a garden, we there secured him, searched him, and found some matches, a flint, steel, and screw-driver; I found six rabbits tied up in a bag in the chaise-house.


                  JOHN 
                  EYLES
               



            . Fullbrook has spoken correctly; the prisoner said he lodged in Whitechapel and got there out of the wet.
MR. W. PULLEY. I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Pulley
               



            , we live at Dalston; the stable-door was broke open and the rabbits and pigeons gone. The dog died.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
