





309. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Myers
                     




                  , in the kings highway, on the 10th of March
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 5 l.
             his property.

MICHAEL MYERS. I live at No. 9, James-street, in the Haymarket; I am a glass cutter
; I work for Mr. Wheeler, No. 8, Leather-lane. On Friday night, the 16th of March, I had spent my evening at a public house in Leather-lane, I was rather the worse for liquor: and at twelve o'clock I was returning home through Long Acre, I was met by the prisoner and another, she was very different in habit then; I did not speak to them; I was walking along as fast as I could, the prisoner came before me and asked me where I was going, I told her, home; she laid hold of my arm and walked three or four paces with me, the other woman staid behind. The prisoner got me on the opposite side of the way in Long Acre, she asked me to go with her, I refused; she there pulled me on a step of a door.
Q. I suppose half lovingly and half violently - A. I suppose that was the case on her side. She sat herself by the side of me; I walked on to the former side of the street to perform my former course, I did not perceive her following me till I reached the pathway; we came near to the corner of James-street, leading to Covent Garden, she till trying to persuade me to go with her, she caught hold of my arm by the side of her and drew me half towards her, near to an area railing, then I instantly missed something; I clapped my hand upon my side and missed my watch; the prisoner immediately ran away across Long Acre, and the first house she came to she put the watch down the area. I was close to her, pursuing her, I caught hold of her by her upper garment, she tore away and left her handkerchief in my hand; I pursued her, she was taken in custody by a watchman that came up; by that time the other woman came up, I gave charge of her. My watch is in charge of the watchhouse keeper, the watchman and watchhouse-keeper got it out of the area.
JONATHAN M'DOWELL. I am a watchman. About the hour of twelve I heard a scuffle, when I got up to it I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner, the prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him of his watch, he said, she had put it down an area. I afterwards found the watch by his directions. I took charge of the women. Mr. Roberts has the watch.
- ROBERTS. Q. Was this woman brought to in charge by the prosecutor - A. Yes; and by his directions I found the watch; I have had it ever since.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Long Acre, this man took me by the arm, he said he should wish to go home with me, I told him I was not fit; he was quite intoxicated; he asked me to have something to drink; I told him I could not drink any thing, and as we were coming up Belton-street he staggered and let the watch fall, I picked it up; he got hold of me and tore me all to pieces; he drew his knife out and cut me after he knocked me down; I got up and ran away. When the watchman catched hold of me, I said, do not hold me, he pulled out the watch, and I will tell you where it is.
M'Dowell. The prisoner was not cut; she had cut her hand by a fall on the stones.
GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
