





1550. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BOOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, one watch, value 5l., one seal, value 6d.; one key, value 6d., and one string, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Morris
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHRISTOPHER MORRIS. I keep the Upholsterers' Arms, in Little Titchfield-street
. On the 26th of September, I was in Shire-lane, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, going home from Fleet-street - I was quite sober-my watch was safe in my fob. When I got about four doors up Shire-lane


, the prisoner and another man ran violently against me, lifted up my arms, pulled my watch out, and ran off - I saw it go from me, and followed them. I seized the prisoner, who is the man that took it - We both fell together. The watchman came up, and assisted in securing him - I am sure he is the man, he was never out of my sight. He said if I would give him 5s., he would get the watch again - I refused. Next day I went to him. He said a man named 
               
                  David 
                  Crawford
               



            , was with him - I could not find him by his description.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Are you sure you lost your watch - A. Yes; I had been drinking with a friend; but was quite sober.
Q. Did a woman attack you - A. No, I accused one of stealing my money.
Q. Did You see two men at Marlborough-street, whom you suspected of the robbery - A. No, I saw two men there, I heard one of them say, "Morris's watch went to my uncle's"-the prisoner was then under examination.


                  JOHN 
                  DEA
               



            . I am watchman of Shire-lane. I saw two men run from the prosecutor. He said he had been robbed of his watch - I pursued, and took the prisoner - the other man got away. As we were taking the prisoner to the watch-house, he whispered to the prosecutor. I said, "Speak out". Morris then said, that the prisoner said, if he would give him 5s. to drink, he would get his watch-the prisoner did not deny it. He afterwards said if he was let out he would find the watch.
JOHN SIMPKIN, I am a watchman. I heard the prisoner say he knew who had the watch, and if the procutor would go to Fleur-de-lis-court, he would find a man there named Crawford - I went there but could not find him. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
