






763. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of May
, two shirts, value 6 s. two pin-befores, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Andrews
                        



                     
                  ; and one pair of breeches, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Lacey
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I live at No. 67, Charlton-street. Sommers-town


, and-these things were left out, after being washed, to be dried on the leads behind the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TIPPITT
               



            . I am a brickmaker; I was going to my work about a quarter past four in the morning, and saw Marshall walking up and down a court behind this house. I saw him jump up against the wall, and the other prisoner threw a bundle over the wall. I went directly to the watchman, and told him to take these two men into custody. The watchman said he would not, and I said I would. I went up to them and asked them where the bundle was; and they said, what bundle? damn your eyes, what is it to you. They both started and ran off. I cried stop thief, and pursued them; and Smith was turning back to come towards me, when I picked up a brick-bat, and swore I would knock either of them down if they came near me. I know them both very well; Marshall dropped the bundle crossing the fields; and they were taken by the patrole.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWDITCH
               



            . I stopped these two men, seeing them running, and hearing a cry of stop thief.
(Articles produced.)
Mrs. Andrews, these pin-befores and shirts are mine.


                  MARGARET 
                  LACEY
               



            . These breeches were entrustedtrusted to my care, I had them to wash for a gentleman.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
MARSHALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 58.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
