





223. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously and without lawful excuse, having in his possession three forged and counterfeit bank notes, knowing them to be forged
            .


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of November I was with Gleed, opposite Field-lane, Holborn, and saw the prisoner and another man come from the Thatched-house. We followed them down Fleet-market, Ludgate-hill, and up the Old Bailey, into the Star, public-house, with another man in a butcher's dress. Suspecting them, I immediately went in, took the prisoner into custody, and told him I took him on suspicion of passing forged notes. He said he knew nothing about it, nor should he know a forged note from a good one. I took him in a coach to a public-house next door to Worship-street office - We held his hands until he got into the back parlour. I told him I would search him, he said, no person should search him. I found 27s. in silver in his left-handbreeches pocket, and three 1l. bank notes in his right-handbreeches pocket. He said he should like to mark them, which I let him do, keeping hold of them while he did it-(looking at them)-these are the notes; they were quite new, not the least rumpled, and did not appear to have been in circulation. He said he had them from Blackfriars Bridge, and gave 30s. for them.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did he not say he gave 30s. in silver, and the rest in larger coin - A. He might. I should have taken the notes myself, if I had not been told they were forged.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I was with Armstrong, and saw the prisoner, between six and seven o'clock, with another man. I followed him, with Armstrong, up Fleet-market - He stood talking at the corner of Fleet-market for aboutten minutes. We then followed him to the Old Bailey, where he met a butcher-the other man left him - They went into the Star public-house; we followed and took him to the office. He said he would not be searched. We found 27s. in his right-hand pocket, and three 1l. notes in the left - He marked them-(looking at them) - They are the same.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEVERLEY WESTWOOD
               



            . I was present at he first examination-what the prisoner said was not taken down. He said he gave 30s. for them - He immediately recollected himself, and said he gave 60s. for them to a stranger in a public-house.
MR. THOMAS LEES. I am an inspector of bank notes-(looking at them) - They are forged in every respect. They are all from one plate and paper, and the same hand-writing, though different names-they are the names of signing clerks (read).
Prisoner's Defence. The officers have not told the truth.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
