






205. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FULLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RAYNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of December
, two live pigs, price 5 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Pagett
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  PAGETT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Pagett
               



            , who is a carpenter
, and lives in Rowland's-gardens, Stepney-green


; we had two pigs about seven months old. On Wednesday, the 1st of December, about eight o'clock in the evening, my neighbour alarmed me, and said my pigsty was on fire, and the pigs gone. I went out to prevent the fire as fast as I possibly could, and found a pot of brimstone, a bag which had some brimstone in it, and a sack outside - some bushes were burning in it; we had secured the sty with two large nails, and the store-pig was parted from the other - they broke it open in both places.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEER
               



            . On the 1st of December, I saw the prisoners driving the pigs at the top of Union-place, Stepney-green - they wanted to turn them towards Mile End-road. I saw Mrs. Paget putting the fire out, and told her I had seen two men driving the pigs. I ran towards the White Horse, public-house, and saw the two pigs in the Mile End-road - Fuller was with them then. He said he knew they were Mrs. Pagett's, and he was going to take them home.


                  JOHN 
                  MAYON
               



            . I saw the prisoners driving the pigs on Stepney-green - they were driving them from Pagett's; the pigs ran towards the watch-house. Fuller ran after them, turned them back, and called to Rayner to turn them towards the Mile End-road. I am sure they are the men.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLLYHOLMES
               



            . I am a watchman. About ten minutes after eight o'clock I heard a disturbance, and went to the prosecutrix. She produced the two men to me, and said Fuller had been taking the pigs, and told me to take him to the watch-house - he said nobody else was concerned with him. Next day he said Rayner and Bree were with him, and said where they lived; the Magistrate discharged Bree. Fuller said they meant to have had the pigs a week before.


                  JOHN 
                  SCHRIER
               



            . Fuller was brought to the watch-house, and charged with driving the pigs from the house - he denied it, but Mayon and others said he was one of them. I asked him who the others were? but he said nobody was with him, and he was not the person. He said he was going to buy a hat, that he had been to Bethnal-green, and was going to Pagett's to tell her son about some work. I asked him what direction he went from Bethnal-green to Pagett's? He said he turned round by Langley's, the builder. Next day, before his mother, myself, and the coachman, he owned it, and said Jemmy and Dick were with him; he took us, and shewed us where tofind Rayner - I took him. Fuller stood by, and said that was him; Rayner struggled to get from the watchman. I secured him, and afterwards took Bree, but the witnesses could not identify Bree.
FULLER'S Defence. I overheard two men say that Dempsey, in the Commercial-road, wanted men, and thought I would go and tell Pagett's son. As we were crossing the road we saw the pigs there, and were taking them home to Pagett's; the people said we were not to go off so easy. Rayner being frightened ran away.
RAYNER'S Defence. I met Fuller in crossing the road, and we ran after the pigs.
FULLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
RAYNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
