





1120. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DRAPER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 8th of October
, at the parish of Isle-worth


, unlawfully did enter into a certain yard of the dwelling-house of the most noble 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           duke and earl
 of Northamberland
                        




                     
                   in which yard there was and still is a pond of water used for the keeping of fish, that he did steal and carry away, one hundred brace of tench, value 15 l. and fifteen brace of carp, value 15 s. being the property of the duke and earl, without the consent of the duke and earl
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am land steward and bailiff of the duke of Northumberland. I reside in his premises. On the 30th of September, we had been drawing the ponds in the Commons. We collected the fish to put in the yard of the dwelling-house; they were stolen on the 8th of October.
Q. What quantity do you suppose there were of fish there - A. Of tench, ninety brace had been put in just at the time of the robbery; carp, exactly thirty brace were put in. On the 8th of October, in the morning, I came down the yard between the hours of six and seven; I came down the yard and gave the men orders. I perceived a net had been drawn, I then immediately called the keeper, and traced where the net had gone, by the droppings of the mud, as it was carried along to the Back-lane to a gate; there I saw they had throwed the net down and taken the fish out. I saw where the net had been throwed down, and the fish taken out in the night; the dew being so strong upon the grass, I followed the track across the lawn into the meadow, to a river at the old bridge that leads down to the Thames; it is part of the Old Brent; there I could see very plain a boat had been, and left its mark. I could also see tracks of men's feet where they put the net in, it being heavy; there were not less than three or four tracks across the meadow.
Q. Did you drag the pond afterwards - A. I did. I am perfectly aware that they had dragged the pond. I traced the tracks to the old bridge, and then to ascertain the loss I directed our boats to be got, and a net to drag the pond of carp. I should think about thirty brace were gone, and perhaps sixty brace of tench gone; the carp were large, and the tench small.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner fishing at the old bridge before - A. I had; he is a fisherman. In the duke's pond no person has a right to fish there. The duke gives nobody leave to fish there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY SAVORY
               



            . I am a fish salesman,at Billingsgate. On Saturday, the 9th of October, the prisoner came to me at Billingsgate; he offered me a lot of tench and carp, which he said, lay alive in his boat off Billingsgate. I bought seventy-five pounds weight of tench, at eight-pence a pound; they were very small. There were near one hundred brace, and a lot of carp. I gave him eighteen shillings for the lot. I saw a small pike, and two or three roaches, and some perches. I asked him how he came by these fish; he said, he had been employed to drag Lord Essex's pond, at Watford, and that the steward, or bailiff, had sold him this lot. He then brought the tench home in a basket, and had them weighed. He gave me his direction, Hermitage Bagley, at Teddington, Middlesex; he called himself a fisherman. I asked him if he was one of the Bagley's family, who lived at Stranham-green: he told me he was, but he lived at Teddington. I am sure he is the man that I had the fish of.
MR. COLLINS. I am park-keeper to Lord Essex, his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Hollingshead
               



            .
Q. On the 8th of October, you did not drag any pond of Lord Essex's, did you - A. No, none had been drawn; they never draw any without me, and Lord Essex's pond has not been robbed for this ten years.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at Brentford. I went to Teddington; I could not find him. In the road to Brentford I apprehended him. The prisoner went by the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Bagley
               



            , at Brentford. After I had taken him, I told him he was charged with robbing a certain pond; he denied it. He said, he bought the fish of a man in a cart at Brentford. He gave in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Draper
               



             at the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them on Wednesday morning at Kew-bridge, of a man with a horse and cart; I put them in my boat to take them to town for sale.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
