





596. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HESSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, twelve pounds weight of paper, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Young
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a printer

. 
               
                  John 
                  Young
               



             is my partner. The prisoner was my journeyman
. We were printing Campbell's Lives of the Admirals. We had been employed on it two months, and we had missed a great quantity of the work, to about one hundred and sixty pounds in monies worth. I watched the prisoner. I sent for an officer. He was stopped going from my house, and upon him was found two quires of copy paper; and on enquiry I was led into Oxford-road, to a cheesemonger's there. I found a great quantity of the Lives of the Admirals. I was there told, that an hundred weight had been sold there for four-pence a pound. The paper that I took from the prisoner's person I took from him before he went out of the house. He denied having stolen the other property at first.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOKS
               



            , I am a servant to Mr. Haydon, a cheesemonger, No, 3, Oxford-street. The prisoner brought several lots of Campbell's Lives of the Admirals to my master's shop, about fourteen or sixteen pounds at a time. He asked four-pence halfpenny a-pound. It was clean paper.
BENJAMIN WEBB. This is the paper I found on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  MANTZ
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street office. I got paper from Mr. Haydon's, the cheesemonger.
Prosecutor. This is part of the work we are printing. They are not damaged sheets. I am now sending the work home to the booksellers, and I must reprint these at my own expense. We missed many complete books.

 Prisoner's Defence. Being unexpectedly called on my trial, I throw myself on the mercy and protection of the court, and the gentlemen of the jury.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
