





133. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     DOWSE
                  , alias 
MUNING





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of December
, four window curtains, value 5 s. a soffa cover, value 2 l. five sheets, value 50 s. six yards of silk, value 12 s. three yards of muslin, value 6 s. five silver spoons, value 13 s. four gowns, value 1 l. two petticoats, value 6 s. two work boxes, value 5 s three coats, value 40 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a pelisse, value 1 l. a waistcoat, value 3 s. two pair of breeches, value 2 l. 5 s. a remnant of kerseymere, value 18 s. four waistcoat pieces, value 12 s. two remnants of cotton, value 2 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a bed tick, value 2 s. 4 d. a table-cloth, value 1 l. a time piece, value 2 l. a habit shirt, value 7 s. a remnant of stuff, value 7 s. a pair of silver tongs, value 10 s. an umbrella, value 9 s. a remnant of gingham, value 1 l. a sheet, value 6 s. an umbrella, value 6 s. and five spoons, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Crawcour
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MOSES 
                  CRAWCOUR
               



            . I am a dentist
.
Q. In the course of last year had you occasion to leave town - A I had. In some part of May I went in pursuit of my business professionally. I took my wife with me. I left my house, No. 9. Commercial-road


, in the care of the prisoner.
Q. How long have you known her. - A. Near three years. I had great confidence in her, or else I would not have placed her there. I and my wife returned to town on the 7th of December. On my arrival in town, about twelve at noon, the door of my house was opened by a person of the name of Lewis. I did not find the prisoner in the house which I expected. I immediately went up stairs, and on my opening my drawers I found the things were nearly stripped from them. The wardrobe in the passage I broke open. I found that was stripped. I found all the clothes that I had left nearly gone. Several boxes, which I had sent up from Scotland, were also nearly empty; all these things stated in the indictment were gone. I applied to Mr. Griffith's, the officer. The prisoner was taken into custody; she delivered up the duplicates to the officer. I said to her,
"Kitty, what have you done with my things; are my things sold, or what is become of them?" She told me they were not sold, but they were in pledge. She cried and said,
"how could she look me in the face after what she had done."
Q. Did you go with the different duplicates to the different pawnbrokers. - A. I did.
Q. Look at these two letters, and tell me whether they are her hand-writing. - A. They are, I received them by post since she was in custody. - (The letters read.)
"Honoured Sir, I hope you will pardon me for the first offence; I served you three years, which I lived with you always truly and honestly. I can safely say before God and man, that I never wronged you in my life. I own I have committed a great fault; it was distress that drove me to it; give me time, whatever I have done wrong I will gratefully return. I hope you will have a feeling to a fellow-creature. I long to see you both; my heart is almost broke; pray, for God's sake, have a little mercy. I am your's, faithfully,
CATHERINE DOWSE."
Directed to Mr. Crawcour, King's-place, Commercial-road. No date - Post-mark, December 7.
Another Letter, dated 15, Clerkenwell prison, directed the same.
"SIR - I once more solicit your pardon; if you have one grain of feeling, and recollect there is a good God that over-rules us all. The punishment you have inflicted on me at present is quite enough for a fellow-creature to suffer; what I would not wish you nor yours to suffer one hour. If you have no feeling for me, I hope you will consider an aged parent's sufferings for her child's misconduct, that never had her name called in question before I unfortunately came into your house. If you would take it into consideration, and think that you might have a child of your own, that may want forgiveness, as I do. If you do not forgive, how can you expect to be forgiven? the day may come when we all want forgiveness; then how shall we prosper if we do not forgive? I have found you to be the greatest enemy that ever I had in my life. Only have feeling for one moment.
I am your's, respectfully, 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  DOWSE
               



            ."


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth Street Office. In consequence of being applied to by the prosecutor, I apprehended this woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLEBURN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Sewerby, pawnbroker, Cannon-street Road.
Q. Did you take in pawn any articles that you have brought here to-day. - A. I did not receive them from her. The window-curtains were pawned on the 14th of June, in the name of Irvine, for five pounds; 7th of September, four pieces of kerseymere, two remnants of cotton, two handkerchiefs, and a bed-tick, pawned for one pound ten shillings; 5th of June, a remnant of stuff, seven shillings, pawned in the name of Lewis; the pelisse and two sheets for one pound ten shillings, 5th of Nov. in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. I have lived with the prosecutor three years; he never found fault with any thing I did before.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
