






116. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS WILLIAM 
                     BRADY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th July

, two books of prints, value 4 l., and eleven prints, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Johnstone 
                     White
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BRADY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, she well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSTONE WHITE
               



            . I am a book and print se
ller, and live in Brownlow-street, Holborn



. The male prisoner was my servant
, and lived about nine months with me - I lost a great deal of property while he was with me, among others, Smith's Antiquities, which cost me 1 l. 8 s., one book of prints, and some very valuable prints torn out, worth 3 l. 16 s. Two or there months before I had him taken up, I spoke to him particularly about a book of prints, which cost me 8 l., I told him I had been robbed; he said somebody must have come in at the door, and taken it out, or that some of the customers must have stolen it, as a gentleman had examined them a short time before, other books were taken afterwards. I then had new locks put on my shop door - the prisoner slept at his sister's. I told him I suspected the maid-servant, and set him to watch. I locked the shop, and fastened every thing up myself at night, and every morning before, I came down, I gave him the key to open it. I lost those things after I made this regulation. The prisoner represented to me that he thought the shop had been opened by a false key in the night, and property taken. He took me to the back shelves, and shewed me the books in a deranged state, and said he left them in perfect order the night before - this continued till he was apprehended. About the 12th of August I told him that I suspected him, and I was convinced that nobody but one who was well acquainted with my property could have done it, and he was the thief, for it could be nobody else. He strongly denied it, but afterwards burst into tears, and said,
"I have been tempted to rob you, but never did." He named two persons, who he said had threatened his life if he did not rob me, that they came to the private door, and would not go away until he gave them property, that he did give them property, and they sold it - he received only 8 s. as his part of the booty, and said he was compelled to do it from fear, there being above forty in the gang, that he had fought with them to prevent their forcing him to rob me, but his honest disposition had so triumphed over their temptations, as they wanted him to part with my money, but he did not.
Q. How soon after did you discover these books - A. About three weeks after he was taken, I went to Mr. Shirly's, by accident, and found them there - I am certain they are mine - they have my private mark on them.


                  EMMA 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am sister to the prisoners, my brother lived with the prosecutor, I lived with my sister before she removed to Holborn-hill



. I saw my brother bring some books to her house, they were taken out and sold - my brother lived in Baldwin's-gardens.
Q. Who carried them out - A. Sometimes my sister Bella, and sometimes Betsey, the prisoner.
Q. Do you remember any books being burnt - A. Yes, the night my brother was taken up, and ran away from the officers. He came to my sister's in Union-court, and told her of it. She said she would have none of the books there, and then my brother burnt them - there were six books, she asked him to burn them - an alarm was made in the court by the fire; the people asked what was blazing in the room. My sister said she was warming a bit of meat - it was not so.
Q. Was you ever employed by her to do anything to the books - A. Yes, she sometimes told me to rub the marks out of the corners of them, when the books were sold she brought home the money, and the prisoners shared it between them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRADY
               



            . Q. Was it not letters that were burnt - A. No; books.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHIRLEY
               



            . I live in Wilderness-row, St. John-street, and am a print-seller. The prosecutor came to my house the latter end of 
               August.
             I produced the Sea Ports, of France - I had parted with Smith's Antiquities, but got them back for him. I received them from the prisoner, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brady
               



            , about the latter end of 
               August.
             I asked her where she got them, and refused to buy them till I went to her lodgings, in Charles-street, Hatton-garden - she said they belonged to her brother, who was a clerk, the house was very respectable. I gave her 15 s. for each of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BRADY
               



            's Defence. My wages were not sufficient. I took them, and got my sister to sell them - she had none of the money.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRADY
               



            's Defence. My brother brought a bag to the lodgings, and said they were books he had bought at a sale - it was twelve months ago, we then lived in Furnival's Inn. One day he told me to sell one, as he had lost some of his master's money, and wanted to make it up.
T. W. BRADY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
E. BRADY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
