





158. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously marrying 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bignell
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, his former wife
 being then alive
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEPALL
               



            . Q. Look at that extract, did you examine it with the original book at Burford, in Oxfordshire - A. I did, Mr. Knowles, the vicar's son, gave it me, his father being out of town.
Q. Where was the book. - A. At the vicar's house, I examined it myself, by Mr. Knowles's son reading itto me; I held the certificate in my hand, and I read it, we read it both ways.
Mr. Alley. How do you know it was the register book. - A. No more than seeing it in the vicar's house, there was a number of more registers in it.
"Burford, in the county of Oxford. - William Turner, of this parish, batchelor, and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Picket
                  



               
            , spinster, were married by banns, by me, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wells
               



            , clerk, on the 23d of October, 1797."


                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               



            . Q. Do you know Burford, in Oxfordshire. - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the man at the bar, do you know him. - A. I know him very well.
Q. Do you remember his being married at Burford. A. Yes, I was present at the marriage, the young woman's name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pickett
               



            , she was a single woman. They lived at Burford some time. I have met them together in the street, and asked them how they did.
Q. What was she. - A. Her father used to drive the mail.
Q. When did you see her last. - A. I saw her a few minutes ago, here.
Q. What way of life was the prisoner in when he married this young woman. - A. He was a plasterer
.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . Q. You produce a register of the prisoner's marriage at Addington in Buckinghamshire


. - A. Yes, I examined it myself with the minister, I examined it both ways.
"Addington, Buckinghamshire; 
               
                  William 
                  Turner
               



            , plasterer, of this parish, batchelor, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bignell
               



            , spinster, of the parish of Winslow, were married in this church, by license, this 13th of September 1811
, by me, W. Aryre, Curate."


                  LUCY 
                  BIGNELL
               



            . Q. Are you a relation to the young woman that man married. - A. Yes, first cousin to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bignell
               



            .
Q. You were present at the marriage of that man with the young woman. - A. Yes, I saw them married, and signed my name.
Mr. Alley. Q. Has he not behaved to her in the kindest and best way. - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Do not you know that this is not a prosecution instituted at her suit. - A. I do not know.
Court. In what situation of life was the young woman. - A. She was a publican's daughter, her father lived at Winslow.
Prisoner's Defence. I was unfortunately married to this woman when I was an apprentice, I lived very sociably with her upwards of a twelvemonth, when her temper became so violent and disgraceful to all human society, that I could not bear to live with her any longer, I parted with her, and lived from her six years. It so happened that I had to go down into Oxfordshire, she wrote letters repeatedly, saying that she would be happy to live with me, and be a different woman to what she was before; I consented so to do, we lived in peace and comfort nine or ten months in the country, when I had finished my job I came to London; it is only two years ago that she robbed the house where I lodged, where I was taken up, the people knowing me innocent, never offered to prosecute; she frequently told me that I might go out on the highway, and get more money in two or three hours than I could earn in a month. I parted with her on the 2d of last September twelvemonth, I agreed to allow her a crown a week, and to pay ten pound a year for her house rent, I paid the last half years rent for her on the 10th of September last, when she found out I was married, she would not take my money any longer. When I became acquainted with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bignell
               



            , I told her I was a married man.
Court. Q. (to 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Bignell
               



            .) How long ago is it since you saw your first cousin who was married to the prisoner. - A. It is better than a month ago.
Q. Was she pregnant then. - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
