





352. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, nine ounce weight of silver, value 1 l. 19 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . Q. You are one of the Marshalmen of the City of London. - A. Yes, on the 25th of February, I was in the top shop of Mr. Adams' shop, I went there after I had my breakfast, there was nobody there but the prisoner and his son, I went about half after eight, and about eleven I had done all what I had to do, I went to look for some salt petre and charcoal that I had hid behind a door were there was three or four shelves and very dark, I put my right hand in to feel for the salt petre, and at the very extent of the shelf was this parcel that I hold in my hand with a great piece of loose mortar clapped against it close to the wall, I found it heavy, I looked at it, and to my surprise I found it was silver, it struck me whose silver cuttings it was, I thought it was Latham's I put in the corner again, and acquainted Mr. Adams what I had found, it was then half past eleven.
Q. In consequence of information that you received did you go to the prisoners lodgings. - A. I did the same night, near eleven o'clock, when I went there the prisoner was absent, and after making the best of it that was advisable not to frighten the woman, I saidshe had better send for the man, and when the man came Mr. Adams said he had come upon a disagreeable business, he wanted his own he said to the prisoner, be so good as to let me have that parcel of silver that you took from behind the door, he said you shall have it, it is here, do not hurt me, and I hope you will have mercy upon me for the sake of my family, I lit another candle and went towards the bureau, and when I was going towards it the prisoner said it is there, it is up in the corner, when it was opened Latham said it was his silver in his presence, he meant what silver he had worked upon, Latham said he was a bad man for taking his silver, if you must take it why not take your own as he might have got into trouble, he begged of me and Latham to intercede for him, I took him to the compter that night, I weighed the silver it is nine ounces, is is thirty-nine shillings in the indictment, it is worth forty-nine shillings, I said you have a key, no man can take such a quantity without having a key, because it is put through a hole, he said I have no key, I took it at several times.
Court. Q (To Mr. Adams) How did this man behave himself. - A. He neglected his work, he had three pounds on Saturday night, borrowed a pound of me on the Monday, he had goods of me that made it up five pounds, and then he took away these nine ounces of silver.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
