






804. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOOKHAM
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WOOLLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of August
, three shirts, value 12. three neck-handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and a pair of breeches, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Harewater
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HAREWATER
               



            . I am a tin-plate worker
: I lodge at Mr. Clark's, No. 10, Leather-lane
. I lost these things on Wednesday, the 31st of August; I do not know how they were taken. All I know is, I lost my property.


                  ISAAC 
                  CLARK
               



            . I keep the house No. 12. in Leather-lane About half past three, on the 31st of August, I heard a great noise in my garret; I went into the room; I saw Hookham in the room, he had his right foot on a chair; he got out, and went on to the other house, and when I got out, I saw another person on the roof; I said, what, are there two theives come to rob me; Hookham said, I am come to see if any plumbing business is wanted here. I then saw the prisoner Woolley on the roof of the other house; I did not see any thing in their possession. When I saw them at the house where they were it work at, I said, you are the fellows that got over the roof of the house; Woolley then said, whatever is deficient I will make it good, because he had engaged Hookham to come and work for him that afternoon.
MR. MOORE. I am the employer of Woolley and his partner; I employed Woolley to paint this empty house, it is mine.
CORNELIUS NORRIS. I heard Mr. Clark's house had been robbed, I went to Mr Moore's empty house to look for the things that were lost from Mr. Clark's house; I found the shirts, stockings, and handkerchief, in the cellar of the empty house. I produce the property.
JOHN HOLLEY. There was an alarm that Mr. Clark had been robbed; I went to the door of 39, Charles-street; a man attempted to come out, my brother stopped him. I then kept a strong guard, that no man should come out; I went into the first room; I saw Hookham; I asked him where the other man was. I said, you were robbing Clark just now; then I saw Woolley in the back parlour, with the paint-pot in the window; he was attempting to mix paint. He was not there on my entering the house.


                  MATTHEW 
                  HOLLEY
               



            . I stopped Hookham as he was coming out of the house. When I spoke to him, he ran up stairs, and made no answer.
Prosecutor. These are all my things.
Hookham's Defence. I am in the habit of being a labourer; I was sent to this house to work; I began to work at the top of the house; I was cleaning out the gutter; he asked me if I robbed his room; I said, no; I am wiping out the gutter. He said, I had; I said, I had not. I proceeded on with my work.
Woolley's Defence. I had this house to paint in Charles-street for Mr. Moore; I employed Hookham to clean the wood work, to get it ready for me to paint; they came into the house, and said, some man had made his escape; after that, they said, they had found two pair of stockings, after the man had escaped.
HOOKHAM, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.
WOOLLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
