





619. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PETCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling money
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MARRAY
               



            . I am clerk in the house of Messrs. Stephenson and Co.
 The prisoner Petch also was a clerk in the same house, he was a collecting clerk
.
Q. Is it your duty to make out a list of the bills that are to be sent out on the following day - A. On the 7th of February, I had a number of bills given to me to arrange for the clerks that are sent out; on the following day I deliver the prisoner his bills, here is the list I delivered it to him, (produces it.) There was a bill upon Greenwood and Co. for eighty pounds. After I had listed them, I counted them, on the evening, I put them into a drawer; this list contained the bill upon Greenwood and Co. for eighty pounds, I delivered him this bill among the others on the 8th of February, it was his duty to collect them. He came in on the 8th, betweenone and two o'clock; I examined his list, and found that all the payments were right; the bill of eighty pounds of Greenwood's, is scratched out; I have nothing to do with this scratch out. I was present when he discharged the of the bill he had in the morning. Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Robert
               



             Remington, one of the partners, enquired of him, what he had done with that bill of eighty pounds of Greenwood's; I did not hear him say any thing; he made up his book without that bill. I charged him with receiving without that bill, the sum of three thousand seven hundred and ninety-three pounds three shillings and nine-pence, and he discharged himself by paying three thousand seven hundred and ninety-three pounds seven shillings and nine-pence to me.
Q. When he came with the money, that sum of eighty pounds was struck out as money not received by him - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHEERMAN
               



            . (The bill shown him. Q. Is that bill drawn by you - A. It is; this bill was drawn by me on the 21st; I altered it to the 25th of the same month, before it was issued.


                  DAVID 
                  ROBERT REMINGTON
               



            . I am a banker, in Lombard-street; the firm is, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Stevenson
               



            , John Stevenson, 
               
                  William 
                  Remington
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , Rowland Stevenson, and 
               
                  David 
                  Robert Remington
               



             that is my name. The prisoner was an out-door clerk; his duty consisted in receiving the bill and cashing them. On the 8th of February, he came home between one and two o'clock, as near as I can recollect; I asked him where his list was, that he had been out with in the morning; he produced his book, which contains the accounts of that day so far as concerned the prisoner.
Q. Does it contain the eighty pounds of Greenwood - A. No, it does not; this is his bill list. In this list given him in the morning, the sum of eighty pounds is scratched out. When I saw this bill of Greenwood's not accounted for; I asked what he had done with it, he replied, it was due on the 10th of that month. There were two other bills that were returned; he gave no account of them. The bills speak for themselves; they were put into the box. I supposed the eighty pound bill to have been an undue bill, and to have been put into the box, in order to have been taken out again on the 10th.
Q. At that time had you any suspicion of the prisoners dishonesty - A. None at all. I took what he said, for granted, and did not go down, and look at the box.
Q. In consequence of something that occured, the prisoner left your service and house - A. He did; in consequence of which, I made enquiry at Greenwood's about the bill.
Q. Look at that bill - A. This is the bill; the signature is the prisoner's own writing.
Q. When was the prisoner apprehended - 
               A. 
            About a fortnight after; he called at the banking-house to speak to one of the clerks; he was detained.


                  GEORGE 
                  BELT
               



            . I am cashier at Messrs. Greenwood's. I recollect this bill being presented for payment, it was presented to me. I put a mark on the bill; that is my mark.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am clerk at Messrs. Drummonds. On the 8th of February, this bill was directed to our house; the prisoner is the man to whom I paid it; he wrote the receipt on it, said I placed it; I paid him in two notes; a fifty pound note; and a thirty pound note.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my intention to have made the amount up. I never got out of the way.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
