





1444. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOODHOUSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, twenty-four shawls, value 28s. and twelve pounds of thread, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Butts
               



            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Langton
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  George 
                  Austin
               



            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BUTTS
               



            . I am a haberdasher


, in partnership with John Langton and George Austin. We live in Gutter-lane


. The prisoner was our porter
. He used to come to the warehouse at seven o'clock in the morning, go to breakfast at eight, and return again at nine. On the 10th of September he did not return from breakfast at the usual time. About half-past one Turnpenny called and said he had him in custody. I saw him and my property at the Mansion-house.
HENRY TURNPENNY. I am day patrol of the City. On the 10th of September, about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner coming down Church-court, Basinghall-street, with a bundle under his arm. He appeared to know me. Suspecting him, I stopped him, and asked what he had in the bundle? He said he had nothing. I said I must see what it was, and found twenty-four buff shawls, and twelve pounds of thread. I asked where he brought it from, he made no answer. I told him he had robbed his master. He said he had, and was sorry for it; it was the first time, and he hoped he should be forgiven. I went to his house near Crown-street, Finsbury-square, the lower part is a haberdasher's shop. He told me who his master was. I went and told the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
