





4. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLONY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of August
, five shifts, value 15 s. a gown, value 5 s. two petticoats, value 7 s. and a frock, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Pilben
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of breeches, value 5 s. and two jackets, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     West
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WEST
               



            . In August last I was servant to captain 
                  
                     James 
                     Webber Smith
                  




. The captain was in Yorkshire, and the family was in the Isle of Wight. I had a box delivered to me at Brighton, by my fellow servant
, Elizabeth Pilben. On the 10th of August the box was delivered in my care. I put it in my bed room, over the stable. The box was locked and corded.
Q. Do you know what was in it - A. I do not. I had the care of it. On the 21st of August, about half after six in the morning, I saw the lock of the stable broken off. It was swinging by one nail.
Q. When had you seen the stable door before - A. At eleven o'clock on the over night, on the 20th, I locked it myself, and at half past six on the 21st, I came and found it open. I then went up stairs, and found the box broken open. The cord was broken in three places. I took off the cord, and opened the box. I examined my own box, which was not locked. I missed a pair of patent cord new small-clothes, a pair of leather breeches, and two jackets.
Q. How lately before had you seen these - A. Upon the afternoon before. I had one of the jackets on, the day before. I had put them into the box on the 19th.

Q. 
            Did you know the prisoner at that time - A. On the 15th or 16th of August the prisoner was brought to the stables by his friend, 
               
                  James 
                  Moring
               



            .
Q. Whereabouts were these premises - A. Near Brighthan pstead, near the New Stein. The prisoner's friend brought him there. He had been at this stable.
COURT. He was never up stairs, was he - A. Not to my knowledge. I went to where the prisoner lodged. I did not find him there. I came to town immediately. I applied at the Blossoms inn, where he had left two bundles.
Q. You did not see the bundles did you - A. No. I there obtained some information. I did not find him at the Blossoms inn. I searched for him from place to place, at last I found him in Bristol. I got a warrant, and went for him myself. The prisoner was then in prison. I told him I was happy to see him there. He asked me for what reason. I told him, because he was secure. I brought him up to London by the mail. He asked me, what it was about. I told him, for robbing the stable. He said, he was not the man. I told him that we thought that we had satisfactory proof of it. He then made no answer. I brought him to town, and took him to Marlborough-street office. When I got him to town, being early in the morning, we went into the Marlborough Head, to have a pint of beer. He asked me, if it would be any satisfaction to me to hang him, or transport him. I said, it would be no satisfaction to me. He then said, that the only thing he could do to make me a recompence was to enlist in any regiment. I then asked him where my things were. He said, if he informed me where they were he could see my intention was to throw him into prison. If I would permit him to enlist he would make every thing comfortable. He then wanted me to take his handcuff off. At that moment the officer came in. I told him to take him away, and lock him up, and he was committed for this. I found part of my things at Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, John-street, Golden-square. I found one bundle pledged in the name of Bennett; a pair of leather breeches, and two jackets my own; and I also found another bundle, the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pilben
               



            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PILBEN
               



            . Q. Were you in captain Smith's service in August last - A. Yes. On the 10th of August I left my box locked and corded in the care of West.
Q. What property was in it - A. Four gowns, five petticoats, eight shifts, four pair of cotton stockings, one black silk cloak, a pair of boots, a pair of shoes, a fur tippet, and several other things; and on the 21st, when I saw my box again, it was then stripped of every thing, except a pair of cotton stockings and a pocket handkerchief.
Q. How long before the 10th had you seen them - A. I put the things in the box on the 9th, and I delivered the box locked and corded into the custody of West. I had the key of the box myself. West, the coachman, had the box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, John-street, Golden-square.
Q. Look at the prisoner; do you know him - A. No, I do not. I produce some property. I took it in pledge on Saturday evening, the 22d of 
               August.
             I took them in of a man. I think there was another person with him, but I am not certain. Two jackets and a pair of breeches; they were pledged in the name of Clark. The prisoner is the size of the man that I took them in of.
FRIEND LAWRENCE. I live with Mr. Turner. I produce a gown, a white frock, two petticoats, andfive shifts. They were pledged at our shop on the 24th of August, by a man in the name of Bennett. I have no recollection of taking them in, only by writing of the ticket.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BENNETT
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes. I am a servant with colonel Golding. On Saturday, the 22d, the prisoner called at my lodging in Gloucester-court, St. James's. I was out when he called. I saw him when he called again, about half past nine. I asked him if he had been at Mr. Todd's. He said, no. I told him there was a letter there for him. He asked me if I would walk up with him. I said, yes; and I walked up with him, and he got the letter. There was an enclosure in it, but what I do not know. On Sunday, I went to the Blossoms inn with the prisoner. He had nothing with him. When he went there he called for some parcels that he had left, and he paid his fare with a Bristol note. They were two bundles wrapped up in handkerchiefs. He carried one bundle, and I the other, as far as St. James's-square. I then gave him his bundle. I went to my lodging, and I saw no more of him. I do not know what was in either of the bundles. I did not go with him any where on the Monday,


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Thomas, Jermeyn-street: the Union. On Saturday evening, the 22d of August, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner offer some things for sale in the parlour, to 
               
                  William 
                  Deacle
               



            . It appeared to me like a frock. He found that he would not buy it, and then he offered it to me. He told 
               
                  William 
                  Deacle
               



            , he being a new married man, he might have occasion for such things. He had a bundle with him, and that was the only thing that he shewed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEACLE
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  George 
                  Grant
               



            , esq. On the 22d of August, I saw the prisoner at my lodgings about half past nine o'clock at night. He took this frock out of the bundle, and offered it to me for sale. I had seen him before. I believe he was a servant out of place. He offered me this frock. He said, as I was a new married man, it might be useful to me. I did not purchase it of him. I told him I should leave that for my wife to do. This is the frock. I know the frock by the lace. When he offered it me for sale I took it in my hand, and looked at it, and when I saw it at Marlborough-street I had no doubt of it being the same frock he offered me. I am sure it is the same frock.
Friend Lawrence. The person that brought that frock brought the other things, and he pledged them all together.
Elizabeth Pilben. The frock is mine. The petticoats and the shifts are all mine. I made them, and marked them, and these things were in the box, that I entrusted in West's care, and a great many more.
Prisoner's Defence. I came from Brighton with intention of getting a situation. I lived with captain Fraser, at Gibralte. At the time I was in Brighton, looking out for a situation, I met with a friend. He took me to the prosecutor's stable. The prosecutor accuses me of taking the things out of the stable. I never went up stairs, nor was I there unless some person was with me. On the night of the robbery. I was in the prosecutor, West's, company, until eleven o'clock, and then I went to bed, and then I came from Brighton to London, and then I understood there was a letter for me at Mr. Todd's. I called on Mr. Bennet. He went with me for the letter. I took a Bristol note out of the letter, and went and paid my fare, and received my bundles. I went down to Bristol, and got a situation on board a ship. One day I came on shore, two officers took me; they said, for a forgery. The prosecutor wanted me to go into the artillery. I am totally innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
