





1421. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  EARL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, two seals, value 20 s., and one key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watts
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a stock-broker
, and live in Angel-court, Throgmorton-street; my seals were tied by a ribbon to my watch, On the 1st of October, about a quarter after three o'clock, I was in the Poultry, by the King's Arms tavern


; five or six people stood there, looking at the state of the poll. I was passing through the crowd - the prisoner was coming in another direction, so as to meet me. I felt him hustle against me, which I thought might arise merely from the crowd, but as he was hustling against me, I felt his hand go from my fob. I looked down, and perceived that the ribbon had been cut, and the seals were gone - no other hand was near my fob but the prisoner's. I turned to catch hold of him - he was near me, but in consequence of two ladies being in the way, I could not secure him. I immediately called out Stop thief! and he turned the corner of Charlotte-row. I followed him, and saw him throw the seals down an area, and the scissars also, but the scissars hung on the rail. He was secured within twenty yards of that place, and was never out of my sight. The seals were delivered to me from the area by the gentleman of the house, and on coming back I found the remainder of the ribbon on the pavement, which had been cut off.



                  JAMES 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am a constable. I came up and secured the prisoner; I took him back a few yards. The prosecutor charged him with the robbery, and delivered the seals to me, with the ribbon - the prisoner said he knew nothing about it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman happened to stop me, but I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
