





659. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WAITMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of May
, thirteen elm boards, value 16 s. and ten pieces of beech quartering, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On Tuesday the 25th of May I had information that ten pieces of beech quartering were put over the wall into Mr. Britton's premises. I went with a constable and found them.


                  JOHN 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I am a baker. I live at Chiswick. On Sunday morning, the 23d of May, the prisoner came into my shop to pay me for a quartern loaf. He said, well, master, I have brought you the upsets; he said, he had brought me ten upsets. I paid him sixteen shillings for them afterwards I cannot say exactly how they came into my yard; I should suppose they were put over the wall on the Saturday evening. The constable and Mr. Thomas came and searched my premises, and found them in my shed.


                  GEORGE 
                  HALLETT
               



            . I am a constable. I produce the pieces of beech found at Mr. Britton's; Mr. Thomas claimed them, and took them away


                  JAMES 
                  BATTERSLEY
               



            . I am a shoemaker at Turnham-green. I bought thirteen elm boards and two beech quarters of Waitman. I gave him twenty-four shillings for them.
Prosecutor. The upsets found at Barten's house are my property, and the elm boards found at Battersley's house are also mine. Waitman gave the information that led to the detection of Goddard. A person went to Waitman; he told me to tell Goddard that he wanted some money to buy a counseller.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the affair.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
