






561. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     ARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of June

, three hundred and fifty yards of bed sacking cloth, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gabriel
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Gabriel
                  




               
            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JUDGE
               




             for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, the said goods, he knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  GABRIEL
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gabriel
               



            , we are bed sacking manufacturers

, Banner-street, St. Luke's



. In the course of the last year, we sustained a loss of near upon an hundred pounds, upon bed sacking. On the 13th of June, about two o'clock, I and Armstrong and two other officers, went to the house of the prisoner, the prisoner Judge was then behind his desk; Armstrong read to him the search warrant, at our feet laid two of the sacking in a little nook in the back warehouse; I examined them, I know they belonged to my partner and myself; we then went up stairs, and found six more in a warehouse up stairs.
Q. What trade does the prisoner Judge carry on - A. A grocer, and selling snuff and tobacco
. I asked Judge whether he had any more sacking, he said no, I asked him whether he had sold any that week, he said yes, he had sold six to a bedstead maker in the same street; I asked him if he had sold any more, he said no. He said there had two been brought in that morning, by a girl; he said he did not know whose girl she was. 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Arnet
               



             was in our employ in the sacking manufactory for about five or six years, and about three or four years as a servant
, in my brother's house; we reposed in her, an almost unbounded confidence. These sackings we keep in our warehouse.
Q. Had she an opportunity of going to that warehouse - A. I did not know that she had untill afterwards it was found out.
Mr. Alley. Q I suppose from the evidence you have given, that this woman lived in your house - A. She carried work from our house to her lodgings.
Q. It is the custom of your trade for the servant to deliver out work to her, and she is to carry it back to them - A. Yes.
Q. Now when you talked about a great loss you sustained, that must be from your reference to your books - A. It is.
Q. I believe you have a great many women that make up these bed sackings for you - A. We have eight or nine.
Q. And they are entrusted out to her the same as to other women to make up - A. Yes, they are cut in proper length for bed.


                  DAVID 
                  MORGAN
               



            . Q. You are clerk to the prosecutor - A. Yes.
Q. It is your business to deliver out the sackings to the manufacturer - A. It is, they are delivered out in bundles, a bundle contains from three to six, but generally six in a bundle. When they are delivered out I make an entry of them, and when they are returned we put the money to it.
Q. I suppose you know the woman prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. In what part of the warehouse are they sackings placed - A. In the one pair of stairs room.
Q. I want to know from you, whether she had an opportunity to go to this warehouse when she came for sacking - A. Sometimes I gave the key to the porter.
Q. Have you ever given her the key to go into the warehouse - A. Yes, I have without the porter going with her, she always brought sacking to me.
Mr. Alley. I understood you to say, that when ever the woman had the key delivered to her she always brought the sacking she took under your observation - A. Yes, I always entered the quantity she took and the quantity she returned, the quantity taken and the quantity returned always corresponded. But I did not go up stairs with her.


                  HUGH 
                  LOCKEY
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutor. In the absence of the clerk I have the delivering out of the sacking, I always went up with her. I never gave her the opportunity of going up into the warehouse by herself.


                  SARAH 
                  BOURME
               



            . I am Mrs. Arnetts' niece.
Q. Do you know the other prisoner Judge - A. Yes, I have taken bed sackings to him; I do not know how many, I took two sackings to him at a time, when I went to Mr. Judges, I said to him, if you please Sir I have brought you two more sackings; Mr. Judge said, take them backwards, I did so and the errand boy took them from me; he gave me five shillings for them in half-pence.
Q. Who gave you these sackings that you took to Judge - 
               A. Hannah Arnett
            . Mr. Judge lived in Featherstone-street, the next street to my Aunt's, and the money I received of Judge I gave to her.

Q. 
            When you went first to Judge's house who directed you to go there - A. My Aunt sent me to know whether he wanted a bed sacking, he said yes, how much does your Aunt want for it, I said half a crown as my Aunt told me; he asked me it my Aunt had any more, I said I did not know but would ask my Aunt. My Aunt sent me to Mr. Judge to say that she had some more; I asked Mr. Judge how many he wanted, he said I might take as many as my Aunt had got; I then took him two at a time in a basket, this is the basket; sometimes I went once a day, and sometimes twice a day; I went most days in a week; sometimes I had money for them and sometimes tea; sugar and soap, and other articles.
Q. Do you know 
               George
             the boy - A. Yes, he lived at Mr. Judge's; when I went back wards and forwards sometimes he took the sackings from me. When I was first found out I said I had the sacking from a strange woman, my Aunt told me to say that. The magistrate spoke to me about telling the truth, after that I told the truth, and have told the truth to day.


                  GEORGE 
                  CATHERINE
               



            . Q. Did you ever live with the prisoner Judge - A. I went to live with him about nine or ten months ago.
Q. When did you leave him - A. About threemonths ago.
Q. During the time you were in his service do you recollect seeing the last witness there - A. Yes, she used to bring bed-sackings there she used to come about once a day, and sometimes more. When she brought them in I used to take them backwards.

Q. 
            Did you ever sell any of them for Mr. Judge - A. No, I used to take them out; a man of the name of Reading went with me.
THOMAS WHITNEY. I am a bedstead-maker, I live in Featherstone-street.
Q. How far is that from the prisoners - A. The prisoner lives in Featherstone-street, he on one side of the way, and I on the other.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Reading - A. Yes, he came and asked me if I wanted any bed sackings about seven months ago; he said Mr. Judge over the way, had some bed-sackings; he had taken them out of the country for some debt or in exchange; I took to the amount of a dozen and a half altogether at two at a time. I paid him four shillings a piece for them.
Q. Did you at any time see Reading coming from Mr. Judges with the articles - A. Yes, and I knew that Mr. Gabriel dealt in these articles, I communicated it to him, and after that I purchased some more under Mr. Gabriel's direction.
Q. Did you or your wife have any conversation with Mr. Judge - A. That was my wife.
MRS. WHITNEY. Q. Did you by the directions of your husband go to Mr. Judge - A. Yes; I told Mr. Judge I came from my husband, who was a bedstead maker, to ask if Reading was came on his account to my husband; he said, yes, he did.


                  DANIEL 
                  CATHERINE
               



            . Q. You are the father of George, the boy that has been examined - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect the time that Judge was taken in custody - A. I was before the magistrate when he was in custody, I asked him if I should go to Mr. Barrets in Silver-street, and tell Mr. Barret to put the things on one side; he said, if I did he would satisfy me for my trouble.
Q. You asked him if you should go and put the goods of one side, what goods - A. I understood some bed sackings.


                  JOHN 
                  READING
               



            . I am a porter.

Q. 
            Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. Were you employed by him at any time to sell any bed sacking - A. Yes. Mr. Whitney was the first person that I offered any bed sacking to; I sold him two the first time, and several after, Mr. Judge said, he had got sacking if I could get any orders for them, I was in the habit of getting orders for other things in his business, I told him I would try.
Q. Did he say how he came possessed of them - A Not a word; I told Mr. Judge that I had a nephew in the business most likely it would suit him; my nephew lives in Silver-street, Golden-square; I took 
               
                  William 
                  Barret
               



             my nephew two or three sacks as a sample to shew him he gave four shillings and sixpence for them at that time, I told Mr. Barret that they came from Mr. Judge, that he had got more if they suited him.
Q. In the month of June do you recollect selling Mr. Barret any quantity - A. The last that went was seven dozen; I took them in a truck, the boy went with me, they were to be paid for after midsummer at four shillings each; I took them about a week before Judge was taken up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRET
               



            . I am the nephew of the last witness; I live in Silver-street, Golden-square.
Q. Do you remember him coming to you any time offering any bed sacking for sale - A. Yes, I bought upwards of two hundred of him, the largest quantity that I receive at one time was three days before he was apprehended; seven dozen all but one came in last, my uncle came with them, and a little boy with a truck.
Q. Did you pay for the last quantity that you received - A. No.
Q. Had you any conversation with Mr. Judge on the sacking that you received - A. I saw him once about four months ago, I went to settle with him for what I had bought; I gave him a bill, and he agreed to give me the balance; I gave him a bill of twenty-nine pound, I had the balance of seventeen pound.
Q. Do you recollect Armstrong the police officer coming to your house - A. Yes, at that time Catherine came and told me they were stolen goods; I put some out of the house, Mr. Gabriel and Armstrong came, I shewed them what I had in the house, and then I shewed them what I put away. The officer took them away.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street-office. On the 13th of June, about two o'clock I, in company with Mr. Gabriel, went to the prisoner's Judge's house, my son and Wilson were with me, Mr. Judge was behind the counter, I asked him if his name was Judge; he said yes; I told him I had a search warrant; I read it, I asked him if he had any sackings; he said yes; I went with him into the warehouse; he said there is two; these are the two, they were laying on the ground. I then asked him if he had any more; he said, yes. We went up stairs over that place, and found five sackings, and a pair of bennets; he said he had no more; Mr. Gabriel asked Mr. Judge if he had sold any in the course of that week; he said six to a bedstead maker in that neighbourhood; I asked Mr. Judge of whom he had bought them; he said he had once bought them of a fresh-coloured woman, but these were brought by a little girl, he gave three shillings and sixpence for them, and he supposed the parties would come again. We secured the goods, and Mr. Judge was taken to the office. All the women that worked for Mr. Gabriel were ordered down to the office that night, but no one was held in custody. On Friday the 14th I went to Mr. Gabriels house, there was this girl with the prisoner Arnott, they, with several of the women that worked there, were ordered to go to the magistrate; from the prisoner Arnott's house I fetched this basket; after that examination had taken place I had a search warrant to search Mr. Barrett's house, Silver-street, Golden-square, when I came there I found Catherine in the shop, I read my warrant to Mr. Barrett, Mr. Gabriel saw some sackings on bedsteads that he knew. Directly afterwards we were led by Catherine and Mr. Barret to a shed next door, I found there one hundred and fifty sackings, they are all here in a cart.They have been in my possession ever since.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at the two first - A. They are my property, we are the only persons supplied in town with cloth of this description from a manufactory in Plymouth; I never saw any like them in my life before. The holes are worked with thrums of sailcloth. I can swear to the property. They sell for six shillings and sixpence wholesale
Arnott's Defence. I lived servant with the prosecutor's brother four years, and since that I have been employed five years by the prosecutor constantly, and had the care of their house when out of town, and gave the greatest satisfaction, as such I solemnly declare I am innocent.
Judge's Defence. I had no knowledge whatever of the articles being stolen, nor any thing of the kind.
Arnott called one witness, who gave her a good character.
Judge called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.
ARNOTT - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Confined One Year in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

JUDGE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
