





1154. 
               
                  
                     BARNETT 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, four cut glass fruit dishes, six cut glass liquor bottles, and several other articles of cut glass, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Naylor
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NAYLOR
               



            . I ate on the evening of the 11th of September, or early the next morning, I lost these things; they were in an unfinished state.
- COHEN. I was coming along the street; the prisoner at the bar asked me if I knew any one that dealt in glass; I am the person that he left in the cart for a short time; I told him I knew of several being in the trade myself, and accordingly I took him to Mr. Lyon's house, and that is all I have to say.
- BRIGGS. On the 18th of September, a jew glass cutter came to me, and asked me if I wanted a job; I told him I did, and he said he would recommend me one. Accordingly he left me Mr. Lyons's address in the shop. I went, and was shewn the articles by Mrs. Lyons. I afterwards heard that Mr. Naylor's shop had been robbed, and I sent him word.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalman. On the 25th of September, Bring and another person applied at Guildball for a search warrant to search Lyons's place. I found some difficulty in procuring a warrant. and so I went with them, and I sent Briggs in to bargain with Lyons about the glasses. I went in in a moment or two, and found him shewing the two large trifle dishes to Biggs. I then told Lyons I would take him into custody, unless he gave some satisfactory account of them. He then shewed me all the rest, and said he got them from Barnett Barnett.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
