





902. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chapman
                        



                     
                  , about eleven in the forenoon of the 10th of May
 (no person being therein), and stealing therein two gowns, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Macpherson
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Chapman
               



            , we live in Margaret's-place, Hackney-fields


, Macpherson lodges with us - She went out on Saturday, and locked her door. On Sunday, the 10th of May, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I went to chapel, and locked the street-door.


                  MARGARET 
                  MACPHERSON
               



            . I am a dress-maker
, and lodge with Chapman. On the 9th of May I went out, and locked my door. I returned on Sunday about one o'clock, and found the door open-three boxes were opened, and two gowns taken out of them. I had not left them so.


                  MARIA 
                  CAVALIER
               



            . I live nearly opposite the prosecutrix. On the 10th of May I saw her go out and lock her door; about half an hour after I saw the prisoner go to the door and knock-no answer was given. He pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket, held it in his hand, and put his hand towards the door - I am sure he was turning the lock round. He went away, returned in about five minutes, and made another attempt. He repeated this four or five times, going away and returning. About twelve o'clock he went in and shut the door. I knew the family were at chapel, I went there, and fetched Chapman out.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I was looking out of a window, which was not open.


                  JAMES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . Cavalier fetched me from chapel - I took Norton and Butler with me, I got the key from my wife, and found my door locked singly - I opened it, went in, and found the prisoner up stairs; several things had been moved in Macpherson's room. The prisoner asked what was the matter? - I gave him in charge. The box had been pulled from under the bed.


                  JAMES 
                  NORTON
               



            . I went with Chapman and found the prisoner in the house. He said he did not know how the things were moved.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Chapman, searched the prisoner, and found nine skeleton keys on him, and a small crow wrapped in a handkerchief. One of the keys opened the street-door, and another opened Macpherson's door.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in with other people.
GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Of stealing to the value of 4s. 10d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
