





514. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 10lbs of beef, value 2s. 6d.; 10lbs of mutton, value 2s. 6d.; and 10lbs of pork, value 2s. 6d
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anderson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PIPPIN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 15th of January, about seven o'clock in the morning, I was standing in Long-alley, about twenty yards from Anderson's shop, and a man came by with an apron full of meat, three more of his companions came up to him and looked in his apron, another man came by with an apron full of something, the three went to the shop and my son followed them; my son came back and said, they had broken the shop open, and that he had watched them; and told me that one was coming towards us, with a piece of meat under his coat; I secured him - He threw the meat at me and ran up Crown-street; my son followed him. I believe it was the prisoner. I will not swear to him.


                  EDWARD 
                  PIPPIN
               



            . I was standing in Long-alley, withmy father, and saw a man go by with an apron full of something, three other men met him, and looked into it; another man came up with something in his apron, but I do not know what - He went in the same direction; the three men came as from Anderson's. I then saw the prisoner go towards the shop. I am positive that he is the man, I knew him before - He went across to Anderson's shop; the other three were walking on the opposite side of the way. When the people were gone by, all four went up to Mr. Anderson's shutters, and put their arms as if they were getting something out of the shop. I was on the other side of the way. I then saw the prisoner come away from them, and put something under the left side of his coat - I went and told my father; he attempted to stop him, when the prisoner threw a loin of pork from under his coat, I ran after him, calling stop thief! but he got away. On the Monday following I saw him in George-alley, I ran to Worship-street, and Garton went with me and took him. Anderson's shutters were pushed in at the top, there was sufficient room to get out the meat. The rails were stripped as far as they could reach. I carried the pork back to Anderson.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I always was sure that the prisoner was the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I went with Pippin, and saw the prisoner coming out of Angel-alley with two more; I told him I wanted him for robbing Anderson's shop, he made no reply. Pippin pushed him out.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a butcher
, living in Crown-street, Finsbury-square


. Pippin brought me a hand of pork; it had been hanging up in my shop the night before-he said, he should know one of the men. I lost 30lbs of meat. My shutters was knocked in at the top - They were quite secure when I went to bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
