








999. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARLOW
                  




               
            , 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  HURLEY
               



            ,


                     JOHN 
                     SHAW
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MAHONEY
                  



               
            , were indictedfor 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, fifteen fathoms of cable, value 40s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Till
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM JOHNWIN. I am a mariner. I saw the four prisoners at two o'clock on the day in the indictment taking part of the cable from the Dover Castle. A boy waited on the bank on the South side of the City Canal, and assisted the four prisoners; I followed them into the rope ground near Mr. Pritchard's yard at Blackwall, and when I got in I found part of the cable was on the scale being weighed. This cable had been between decks in the Dover Castle. I sent for an officer, and had the prisoner Barlow taken into custody; I asked him how he came to take the cable away, and he said he had deposited some money in a gentleman's hands, and that gentleman had absconded with his money, and he took the cable to make amends. I saw Hurley, cut it up into lengths of five fathems each. The prisoner Barlow was the ship keeper on board the Dover Castle. I don't know what the other three men were; they had no business in the ship at all; they all carried it into the rope round.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MURDOCH
               



            . I am clerk in the East India Docks


. The prisoner Barlow was on board the Dover Cattle, as ship-keeper
, and I considered him as a responsible man. This cable had originally belonged to the Eliza, and was on board the Dover Castle under the care of Barlow, for safely.
HURLEY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SHAW, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MAHONEY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
BARLOW, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
