





354. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONDAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hoard
                     




                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 10th of January
, and stealing therein, a coat, value 5 s.
             his property,


                  HENRY 
                  HOARD
               



            . I live in Crawford-street


; I am a shoe-maker
.
Q. Did you lose any thing on the 10th of January last - A. I did not lose it, because he was taken with the property. As I was sitting in the the back parlour room behind the shop, I heard a row at the front door; I instantly got up; I saw the witness Barnes with the prisoner before the parlour, and the person that was with me, he went out likewise, his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Couzens
               



            , he is here; he was with me in the back room behind the shop; he picked up my coat in the street.
Q. Whose coat was it - A. Mine. This is the coat; it is mine. He charged the watch with the prisoner. That is all that I know.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a butcher; I live at 27, Crawford-street. I was walking up and down the door, about half past eight in the evening.
COURT. Q. to Mr. Hoard. What time of the night was it - A. About half past eight.
Barnes. About half past eight, I was walking up and down before my door; two little boys came up, and said, Jack, there is somebody gone into Mr. Hoard's shop; that drew my attention; I looked into the shop; the prisoner was then creeping along the side of the counter. The coat was on a chair at the end of the counter. He took it up, put it under his arm, and came towards the door; I met him, and asked him what he wanted; he dropped the coat on the sell of the door, half in the shop and half in the street; I took him into Mr. Hoard's shop. I did not see him go into the shop; I only saw him in the shop.
Prosecutor. The door was shut.
Q. What time do you usually shut your shop - A. About half past nine. I work in the inner room; I was doing nothing then. I left the shop door shut to with a hasp.


                  JOHN 
                  COUZENS
               



            . I am a plaisterer. I was with Mr. Hoard on this night, in the room behind the shop, I was sitting there with him; I was the last person that went into the shop before this boy came in; I might be five minutes in before him, not more; there was no one in the shop after me until the prisoner came in. I heard a noise shutting the door, the moment I heard the noise, I went out directly; when I came out, the coat was at the door, part in and part out. I was the last that went in, I shut the door after me, it is a common lock to the door, a glass sash door, with a spring latch to it.
Q. to Prosecutor. What is the value of the great coat - A. Five shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. A big boy told me to do it of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



            .
GUILTY, aged 11,




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
