






180. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FERGUSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of December
, one coat, value 5s. one pair of breeches, value 3s. two waistcoats, value 5s. one pair of stockings, value 6d. one handkerchief, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Jesse 
                        Smith
                     



                  ; four pairs of stockings, value 2s. four half handkerchiefs, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carter
                        



                     
                  ; one shirt, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Neil 
                        Molloy
                     



                  ; one pair of trowsers, value 2s. one half handkerchief, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Robinson
                     



                  ; six shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Smith
                     



                  ; and three shillings and sixpence in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Wertendropt
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer, belonging to Queen-square. On Monday, the 11th, the prisoner Ferguson was delivered into my custody. I asked him then where he was to meet Hawkins; Hawkins had at that time absconded; he said, he was to meet him at the Swan with Two Necks, in Tothill-street,at ten that morning; but was prevented from fulfilling his engagement, by being detained in the workhouse. In consequence of that. I went to the Swan with Two Necks, and gave the landlord some directions. I was afterwards sent for by the landlord; I took these articles from the prisoner Hawkins; he was laying asleep, with his head on this bundle,(producing a bundle,) round his neck he had this handkerchief, (producing it,) which appears to be torn by getting of the Chevaux de frise. I asked him where the remainder of the things was? he admitted he had committed the robbery, but said, he got drunk, and lost the things.
"A confession of the prisoner Ferguson was here put in and read, stating, that after the rest of the paupers had retired to bed, the two prisoners broke into a certain room, termed the oakham room, where was a number of the paupers boxes, which they plundered of the various articles named in the indictment; that this spoil was to be equally divided between the prisoners. That Hawkins was discharged the next morning, and that the deponent (Ferguson,) threw the wearing apparel over the gate to him, and part caught on the chevaux-de-frise, which they could not ge off, and which led to a discovery, and to deponent (Ferguson's) detection."
(Part of the property produced, and sworn to, by the several owners.)
FERGUSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
HAWKINS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
