






431. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DOVEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASCALL
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, thirtythree panes of glass, value 4ls., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Sutton
                        



                     
                  ; and one trail, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hughes
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am a mason. I was at work in front of a house, in Edward's Place, Kensington


; which belongs to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Sutton
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Mascall, go into the house with empty hands, and come out with the frail and a quantity of glass under his arm, on the 2nd of February, about half-past four in the afternoon, they were together; Mascall had it - They went off in company together.


                  DANIEL 
                  SUTTON
               



            . The house belongs to me; I was finishing it. I employed the prisoner, Dovey, as a painter there; he brought Mascall over to me that day, as a very honest man-to succeed some men who had robbed me before; he was to come to work the next day, as a plumber. Neither of them had any business in the house. Buckley was my glazier-the prisoner had no authority to take away any glass.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKLEY
               



            . I am a glazier. I was employed by Mr. Sutton, and had the glass in my charge; I had glazed several of the houses. On the 2nd of February, I left at one o'clock. I left forty-eight squares of glass in the house, and went to work several doors off. I was informed they were stolen about five o'clock; I went there andcounted them-there were only fifteen left. I and the foreman, went and found Dovey, quite drunk, at a public-house at six o'clock. I did not take him that night, thinking he would come to work next morning-but he did not. I and Morrison, went with Sutton to the public-house, and found him in charge. I had not hired either of them to take it away-nobody had any business in the house.
JOHN WILKINS. I am a Bow-street officer. Sutton sent for me to take Dovey into custody; I took him to Bow-street. On the 4th of February, I took Mascall, and asked him, what he had done with the glass, he took from Mr. Sutton's premises with Dovey, he said, it was at his own shop, and that he gave 10s. for it. I took him to Bow-street, went to his house in Crawford-street, Marylebone, and found the frail, and thirteen panes of glass.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DOVEY'S Defence. I bought it of a man in the road, and sold it to Mascall. I lent him the frail to take it home.
MASCALL'S Defence. I bought it of him.
DOVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
MASCALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
