





829. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously having in his custody and possession three forged bank notes for payment of 1 l. each, well knowing them to be forged
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 19th of May I was in company with Thomas Foy, Freeman, and Harrison, and saw the prisoner in Ivy-lane. He came into Paternoster-row; Harrison and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Foy
               



             seized him. We took him into Chapter Coffee-house-court, and told him he was suspected of passing forged notes, and asked what money he had about him? he said he had none, and repeated it over and over again. We proceeded to search him, he struggled very much; I thought it necessary to handcuff him, and while I was so doing, he endeavoured to put his left-hand into his right-hand waistcoat pocket, Harrison and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Foy
               



             prevented him. When he was handcuffed, I found in his right-hand waistcoat pocket six or 7 s. in silver, and three 1 l. forged notes, rolled up, and tied round with a piece of worsted. On taking them out, before I opened them, I asked him what they were, and where he got them from? he said he did not know what they were, or any thing about them. I said,
"They are forged notes" - he said,
"I hope not." I asked him who he had them from? he said it was no matter. He was taken to the Compter. I marked the notes, and gave them to Mr. Freeman. He gave no account of them before the magistrate.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Did he not say a woman gave them to him to keep, and he did not know the contents - A. No. There was a woman near him, with a bundle of asparagus under her arm. He said,
"I don't care what you do with me, so that you let the woman go." We searched her found nothing on her, and let her go. He swore that the woman should go - we would not let her go till we had searched her.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a marshalsman. I was with Foy - he has given a correct account. He did not say the woman gave them to him.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes. I was present, and confirm the statement of Foy. I marked the notes - (looks at them) - these are them; they are all forged.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes. The notes are forged in every respect.


                  CHARLES 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am signing clerk at the Bank. The notes purport to be signed by me, but are not my writing.
Prisoner's Defence. The woman gave me the bundle, tied up, to keep for her till she returned from market. She gave them to me to sell me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
