






601. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOCKWOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, one bullock's head, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pitt
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PITT
               



            . I am a butcher
, in Leadenhall-market


. On the 31st of March I lost the bullock's head.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBING
               



            . I am a butcher. I was in Leadenhall-market, and saw the prisoners there-one of them appeared to be looking about; soon after, I saw Blay run away with the head, which hung on Mr. Pitt's book-Lockwood followed down the passage immediately, they were together. I sent Hammant after them. I am sure they are the men - I knew them before.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAMMANT
               



            . Mr. Stubbings sent me after the prisoners. I followed them down the passage, where Lockwood joined Blay, who had the head. I followed them into a door-way in Fenchurch-street - soon after that they both came out. Lockwood then had the head in a smock-frock, which Blay had on, before he ran into the door-way. They went as far as Paul's-head-court-Blay stopped at the corner, and Lockwood carried it up the court. While he was gone, Blay saw me watching them; shortly after, I saw them talking together at the corner. Blay passed the court with the head on his shoulder, without the smock frock. I fetched a constable, and gave them in charge. I am sure they are the men - I have known them a long while.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOCESTER
               



            . I took the prisoners into custody.
BLAY'S Defence. I was in distress.
BLAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
LOCKWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
