






280. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  MARSHALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, one pair of pistols, value 20s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crowther
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROWTHER
               



            . I am a watch-maker
, and live in Jenny-street, St. Luke's


. The prisoner was in my employ, the pistols were in the shop where the prisoner slept, for him to guard the house; I had been ill for some months, and the first time that I came into the shop I missed them, and asked him for them - He said, he could not find them, and wondered where they were gone to, he said, he had not seen them for some months, I asked him if he suspected any man of taking them, and he said, he suspected a man, named Payne. I saw the pistols at Hatton Garden, on the 9th of December; I had an officer on the 9th of December at my house, and he found the duplicate of the pistols on the prisoner, and he said, they were the pistols that he had stolen from me.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROWTHER
               



            . I am brother to the last witness. I was present when the prisoner was searched, and the duplicate was found on him, he said, they were the pistols which were stolen, and that he was a wretch, and was done for.
WILLIAM REID. Jun. I am an officer. I searched the prisoner on the 9th of December, in his master's house, I found a duplicate of the pistols on him, he was asked if they were the pistols which had been stolen, he said, that they were.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILLER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The pistols were pawned with me, I do not know who pawned them, the duplicate found on the prisoner is mine, they were pledged in the name of Marshall.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the duplicate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
