





132. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 19th of November
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell


, feloniously had in his custody and possession, a certain forged and counterfeit bank note. (Setting it forth, No. 27,115, 1 l. September 12,1818. Signed C. Tabor) he well knowing it to be forged and counterfeited
             against the statute.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HANKES
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hankes
               



            , who is a hatter, and lives in Holborn. On the 19th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop, and bought a hat, which came to 9 s.; he tendered a 1 l. bank note; I suspected it, and asked his name and address; he wrote
"
               
                  George 
                  Clay
               



            , Eagle-street," on it, which is nearly opposite to us; this is the note. (looking at it.) I intimated my suspicions to my father, who came into the shop, and asked for a pen and ink to write the prisoner's address; the prisoner said he had already written it. My father seeing no number, asked him what number it was, he said 15; my father then desired me to go to No. 15, Eagle-street; the prisoner said he would go with me, and shew me; my father said No, he would detain him till I returned. I went and made enquiry, but found he was not known there; I re- returned, and found him in my father's custody. He was taken to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. You say you gave the note to your father, was not a little girl sent to get change for it? I gave the note to my father myself.


                  ROBERT 
                  HANKES
               



            . I am the father of the last witness. On the evening of the 19th of November, my little girl called me down, when I found the prisoner in the shop; I got between him and the door, and asked for a pen and ink, the note being put into my hands by my son; I did not know that any address had been written on it, and asked the prisoner for his address, he said he had written it on the note; I looked at it, and saw there were two endorsements on it, and asked what address it was, he said, 
               
                  George 
                  Clay
               



            , Eagle-street; I saw there was no number, and asked what number, he said 15; I told my son to go immediately to No. 15, and see if such a person lived there; the prisoner offered to go and shew him where it was; I told the prisoner No, my son could find it out - that it was a forged note, and he should stop till my son returned; my son then left.
Q. On your telling him, he must stop till your son returned, what passed - A. He said he did not see that I had any right to detain him if he had a forged note in his possession; I said that may be, but I shall do it now, until my son returns; if there is such a person lives there, it may be all right; he then said if I would go with him, (and mentioned some name, which I do not recollect) he would show me where he took the note; I said I should go no where with him yet; we remained about half a minute in silence; he then said, you shall not detain me, for I will go; I said he should not; he attempted to pass by me to go out, I collared him, but having so much glass about the shop, I did not like to have a scuffle, and he forced himself on the pavement in the street, I having hold of him all the while; he then began striking me as hard as he could in my face, with both hands, and I was obliged to let go to defend myself; I knocked him down in the kennel, and as he endeavoured to get up, I made a grasp to lay hold of him again; he got from under myarm, and ran down Holborn; I pursued, calling out
"Stop thief!" as close as I could; he ran two or three hundred yards, before anybody offered to stop him. A watchman named Banning, who was near Chancery-lane, put his hand out to stop him, and threw him down; I came up, collared, and took him back to my house, and sent for a constable; just as I returned, my son came back, and said in his presence, that no such person lived in Eagle-street; I told him I knew that very well, for I had had a good proof of it - I gave him in charge. (looks at the note) This is it - it has my writing on it.
Q. Was the scuffle hard - A. Yes, it drew blood from my chin, and tore my shirt and handkerchief.


                  ANN 
                  GREGG
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Gregg
               



            , who lives at No. 15, Eagle-street, Holborn. I first came there on the 9th of November - I had the key a fortnight before. The prisoner never lived there - I do not know him.


                  DENNIS 
                  BANNING
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 19th of November I was on duty in Holborn, heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Hankes pursuing the prisoner - I made a grasp at him, he ran against my hand, and fell. I assisted Mr. Hankes in taking him back to his shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  NEWPORT
               



            . I am constable of St. Giles's. On the 19th of November, Hankes gave the prisoner into my charge - I took him to St. Giles's watch-house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am constable of St. Giles's watch-house. On the 19th of November last, I came to the watch-house with Ball - the prisoner was brought in just before I got there, I went to search him. While I was searching him, Newport came in, and asked for a knife, that the prisoner had got about him. I took the knife from him, and gave it to Newport. The prisoner then asked me to go either to No. 4, or 5, Parker-street, Drury-lane, to his wife, he said he lived there, in the back parlour. I asked him what name? He said 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



            , ask for Jones. I and Newport went, and found a woman there - we searched the room, but found nothing. I returned to the watch-house, and found Ball standing at the at the door. We all went in, and told the prisoner his wife was coming. I asked him where he got the note from? He said, it was nothing to me, and he should not tell me, for he would not bring four or five more people into it.
Q. Had you said anything to him before about the note - A. Not a word. I asked him what was his reason for giving a false addres? He burst out crying, and said he knew it was a bad one, and he should go for life,


                  JAMES 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in Smart's-buildings. I went to the watch-house with Furzeman, he and Newport went in, searched the prisoner, and took something from him. They then went away, as I understood to search his lodgings - I remained at the door till they returned. Furzeman, and I went in, Newport went away - the prisoner had been locked in the watch-house. We went in, and Furzeman asked him where he got the note? He said he knew where he got it, but he would not bring four or five more people into it, for he knew it was a bad one, and he must be punished for it.
Q. Did you hear him say anything about going for life - A. No. I went out soon after.
Prisoner. Q. You say you are a milkman - you are Furzeman's cadee, and go about to swear men's lives away - A. I am a milkman.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Eddels, who is a hosier, and glover, and lives in Coventry-street. On the 5th of November, the prisoner came to my master's shop, and bought a cravat, which came to 4 s. He tendered me a 1 l. note, which I sent to Mr. Eddels by his nephew, Mr. Eddels came into the shop - before this the prisoner had written his name and address on the note, (looks at one) this is it, it has Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Boycer
               



            , No. 22, George-street, Adelphi on it. Mr Eddels asked him if that was his own name? He said it was his master's, and that his own name was 
               
                  James 
                  Johnstone
               



            . Mr. Eddels then wrote 
               
                  James 
                  Johnstone
               



             on it.


                  JAMES 
                  EDDELS
               



            . I am the master of the last witness. On the 5th of November, my nephew John brought this note to me (looks at it.) I came into the shop with it, and asked the prisoner to write his name and address on it. He wrote Mr. Boycer, No. 22, George-street, Adelphi. I asked him if that was his address? He said it was his master's, and that he came from his master for the cravat. I asked his name? He said it was 
               
                  James 
                  Johnstone
               



            , which I wrote on the note, and begged of him to wait while I sent to see if the address was correct. He said he could not wait, but I might send someone with him. I told him I thought the note was bad - he had then got to the door. I sent my nephew, 
               
                  John 
                  Eddels
               



             with him - I kept the note and cravat. In about a quarter of an hour my nephew returned, but the prisoner never called for the note or cravat.


                  JOHN 
                  EDDELS
               



            . I am nephew to the last witness. I gave my uncle the note which Evans gave me, he desired me to go with the prisoner, to see if the address was correct. I had heard him give it as No. 22, George-street, Adelphi. I went a little way towards George-street with him. He desired me to go back, and said he would send Mr. Boycer, his master, to-morrow morning for the note. I went a little farther with him, and he said he would knock me down, if I did not go back, he then ran off. I pursued calling Stop thief! He got away.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes, at the Bank of England, and have been so above twenty years (examining the note uttered to Mr. Hankes.) it is forged, the paper is not that used by the bank. The water-mark is put on after the paper is made, the Bank water-mark is made with the paper. It is not the Bank plate, the line with the date appears to be engraved, in a genuine note it stereotype. It purports to be signed C. Tabor. I have known him ever since I have been in the Bank, and believe it not to be his writing. I have no doubt of its being forged. (looks at that uttered to Eddels), it is forged in every respect like the other, and is not R. Clough's hand-writing, he did not sign small notes at this period. The notes are both off the same plate.
Examined by a JUROR. Q. Are there any other means of knowing a forged note, besides those you have expressed - A. There is another particular in this note, the letters No, before the number, is engraved in the plate, which is not the case in a genuine note; there are no other means which I have of proving it to be forged to the jury, except from my general knowledge. It is forged from what I have stated, and from having seen a great many of these notes.
Q. Is it not possible for other people besides the Bank, to use stereotype - A. Certainly.

Q. You say in a genuine note the water-mark is made in the paper, have you ever seen it made - A. I have seen the paper.
Q. Have you ever seen a bank note made from the first process - A. I have seen the paper before and after it was impressed, and before it was filled up.
Q. Have not inspectors, and other clerks of the Bank, received forged notes, and paid them, being deceived by them - A. Yes; that has happened.
Q. Have they not also rejected genuine notes as forged - A. There was one instance of the kind in my recollection, and I am not positive as to another; it was a very old note, in a very mutilated state, with a quantity of paper pasted on the back.
Q. Do the Bank ever alter their plates - A. They have altered them several times.
Q. When the paper is delivered out to the work people to be printed, is it counted out to them - A. I cannot tell, nor do I know whether the work people are searched after it is printed.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. Q. Are the two notes on Bank paper - A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  TABOB
               



            . I am a signing clerk at the Bank, and was so on the 12th of September, there is no other signing clerk of my name. I have been so five years (looks at the note,) this was never signed by me.
JURY. Q. Is your signature so regular and uniform, that you can always know your own writing - A. Yes, I sometimes sign a thousand notes a day.
Q. Have you never seen your hand-writing so well imitated, as to baffle your judgement - A. I never have.
(The note was then put in, and read. See Indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
