





1129. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Walters
                        




                     
                  , in a certain field and open place, near the King's highway, on the 27th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, one hat, value 6 s.; one handkerchief, value 2 s., and 6 s., in monies numbered
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALTERS
               



            . On the 27th of July I was coming out of a field from West End fair


, when a boy came behind me, and pulled my hat off - it was not the prisoner. I ran after the boy and he fell; another person picked it up and ran away with it. About two dozen came round me, called out stall him, knocked me down, and held me there, while others picked my pockets; I was alarmed, but made no resistance; they took 6 s., and a handkerchief from me. My hat and handkerchief were taken from me before they used any violence. I do not know the prisoner as it was quite dusk.


                  THOMAS 
                  HURST
               



            . I am a constable. On the morning after the robbery I apprehended the prisoner under a hedge, by the booths. I asked him what he was doing there so early? He said he was looking for a man whohad been murdered the overnight - I knew of no murder. I found the handkerchief in his hat.
(Handkerchief produced and sworn to)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Hurst when he took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not say I was looking for a man.
GUILTY. Aged 15.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
