






864. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHEELER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, seven handkerchiefs, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live in Great Russell-street, Covent Garden


. On the 28th of August, the two prisoners came into the shop to buy a handkerchief; the price was eight shillings; they paid three shillings, and said they would call again in about half an hour, pay the remainder, and take the handkerchief; they then left the shop; upon their leaving the shop I missed two pieces of handkerchiefs, they were on the counter when they were there, I was shewing them; when they were in my shop; I went after them I desired them to walk back; they did; I walked behind them to see that they did not drop any thing; I saw 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Bryant
               



             when they came into the shop throw two pieces behind the counter. These are the two pieces; they have been in my possession ever since; they are those that I lost; they are mine; the prime cost is over forty shillings.
Bryant's Defence. I paid three shillings off one of the handkerchiefs. I saw nothing of the handkerchiefs.
BRYANT, GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WHEELER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
