





994. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzleing money
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WICKEN
               



            . I live at Sheerness, and keep a cookshop there. The prosecutors, Messrs. 
               Oxley


            , 
               Green


            , and Company, are vinegar and mustard manufacturers

 in London. I had an account with them. and the prisoner was their rider
. On the 26th of April last, eight pounds seventeen shillings was due. The prisoner called for it, and I paid him the eight pounds, and he allowed me the seventeen shillings discount. He gave me a memorandum as an acknowledgment.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a partner in the house of Oxley and Co. The prisoner is a rider for our house. When he sets out upon a journey, it is the constant practice for him to take a little book, with the names of the persons upon whom he is to call in the course of his journey, each upon a page; and the sums due by each of those persons written there-under; then on his return, he gives that book to us, with the sums received upon each of those accounts entered in the several pages. He rendered this book to us on the 6th of May, after the journey in which he ought to have called upon Mr. Wicken. (Book put into the hands of the witness.)
Q. Is that the book which the prisoner rendered to you - A. It is.
Q. Turn to Mr. Wicken's page and see what entry there is there - A. Mr. Wicken is charged eight pounds seventeen shillings, and under that is the prisoner's hand writing, in the words
"next journey;" signifying that it was to be paid the next journey. The next journey, we sent another traveller and by that means discovered this fraud. The words
"next journey," are in the prisoner's hand writing. We never have received this money upon Mr. Wicken's account.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
