






684. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREDERICK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, eleven handkerchiefs, value 5 s. 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Frederick 
                     Hains
                  




               
            ,


                  CHARLES 
                  FREDERICK HAINS
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Ratcliff-highway


. On the 16th of March, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I lost these handkerchiefs from the door-post.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POULTER
               



            . I am a plumber, and live next door to Hains. I saw two persons pulling the handkerchiefs from the iron; I called out, and they ran away with them; I was at a window, and could not follow them. I did not see their faces.


                  JACOB 
                  DENNIS THOMAS
               



            . I am a rugmaker, and live in Bluegate-fields, near the prosecutor's. I saw the two prisoners and another run by - in about two minutes I heard the alarm. All three came down the street again between eleven and twelve o'clock; Phillips was the other man - I knew them. Seeing me, they made a stop, and went back; in a few minutes they returned, and were going up a court by the side of my house. I stopped Frederick; but the others got away.



                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a clothes salesman, and live in Cable-street. On the 22d of March, an officer came with a woman to search my house, and found three handkerchiefs in the window and one hanging in the shop; I believe the prisoner, Frederick, to be the person, who sold them to me, but am not certain - it was either on the 16th of March, or a day or two after; I gave him 4 s. for them. He had them in a bundle with other things; they were quite new, and not worn.
Q. Did you not ask how he came by them - A. He said he wanted to sell them to pay his passage to Gravesend.
HYAM ISAACS. I am a slop-seller, and live in Cable-street. On the 16th of March, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, the prisoner, Hanson, offered me eleven handkerchiefs for sale for 14 s., all in one piece; I refused to buy them. He pressed me, and I bought three for 2 s. 6 d. - they were afterwards claimed.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRANT
               



            . I am an officer. I found three handkerchiefs at Isaacs's, and four more at Lewis's. On the 19th of March I apprehended Hanson and Phillips.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I have known the prisoners three weeks, and was with them. Hanson pulled the handkerchiefs down, and Frederick put them under his coat; we ran away, and went to Isaacs in about a quarter of an hour - Hanson went into the shop to sell them; we two stood outside, He came out and said Isaacs would only give 9 d. a piece - they were all in one piece; he said there were only eight of them. Frederick went back with them, and returned with eight; they said there were only eight, and they would not sell any. They took the eight to Lewis, and said they sold them there for 6 s. 6 d., and gave me 2 s. 2 d. as my share. As we were going along Bluegate-fields Frederick was taken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FREDERICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HANSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
