





577. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIANA 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, two sheets, value 10 s.; two tablecloths, value 1 l.; eight yards of printed cotton, value 8 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 3 s.; one night-gown, value 1 s.; one spencer, value 1 s.; one pair of stockings, value 1 s.; one scarf, value 1 s., and one table-spoon, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Lyon
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  BARBARA 
                  LYON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lyon
               



            , who is a dyer
, and lives in Clapton-street, Hackney


. On Tuesday night, the 2d of April, about dusk, the prisoner came to me as a servant
, and on Thursday she got very drunk; next day I gave her warning; as she was going out I observed something white hanging out of her pocket-hole. I went after her, had her brought back, and sent for a constable, who searched her, and found the articles stated in the indictment on her.


                  RICHARD 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a constable. On the 2d of April I was sent for to Lyons's, searched the prisoner, and found the property on her, wrapped round her body and arms. She had no pockets on.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWE
               



            . I am a baker. I saw the prisoner coming along, and asked her how she came to leave her place? I saw a hole in one of her stockings, and something hanging out, I asked what it was - she said it was nothing, only a spoon she was going to get repaired for her mistress. She pulled it out, which made the whole larger, and threw it away. I took her back, and kept her till the officer came.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I resign myself to the mercy of the Court. I took the things to carry me to Scotland, to my friends.
GUILTY. Aged 24.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
