





132. 
               
                  
                     JOHN CHARLES 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of December
, a cloth pelisse, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            , his shop is 44, Holywell-street, Shoreditch


. On the 31st of December, while I was serving a customer behind the counter. A gentleman came in, and said a person had taken a pelisse, and run out with it
Q. Who was there in the shop at that time - A. Myself, a lady that was serving, and two customers.
Q. Did you miss the pelisse from the shop - A. I missed it from the door immediately upon being told. I had seen it at the door five minutes before. It is a blue cloth pelisse; it is worth one pound. The door opens inside. The pelisse was hanging on the door, part inside of the shop, and part out. I pursued the prisoner without effect on my part. I did not see him until he was brought back.
Q. You did not see the pelisse snatched away did you - A. No, I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAMPTON
               



            . On the 31st of December last I was crossing Holywell-street, Shoreditch, opposite of Mr. Clark's house, and just as I got upon the curb-stone I saw the prisoner take the pelisse from the door. He ran away with it under his left arm. I called out, stop thief, and pursued him; a man named Constable stopped him. The prisoner threw down the pelisse. I picked it up, and seized hold of the prisoner. I saw him throw it down, and with assistance I brought him back to Mr. Clark's shop, and while a constable was gone for, the prisoner tried to make his escape out of the shop, but the mob being at the door he could not get out. I marked the pelisse with a needle and thread, and then I delivered it 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Norman
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAKE
               



            . I am a constable. On the evening of the 31st of December, I took the prisoner into custody. The pelisse was in the possession of the last witness. I searched the prisoner, and found on him a duplicate, half of a one-pound bank note, and a play card, with writing and figures on it. This is the pelisse.
Hampton. That is the pelisse I saw the prisoner throw down; my mark is on it.
Norman. This pelisse is the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            . I hung it up myself about half an hour before it was taken down.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was taken into custody the constable took from my person part of a one-pound note; I should be glad to have it again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
