







1100. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, one watch, value 1l.; one chain, value 1s.; and one seal, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Corbett
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CORBET. I am a leather-cutter
, and live in White Lion-street


. On the 30th of June, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in my back room; the three prisoners came into my shop and asked if I sold nails - I looked very hard at them; Jackson was leaning over the counter, and drew himself back; I came in the front of Jackson - They all began laughing; I asked him where the knife was which laid on the counter? he said he had not got it. I said, before I served them with the nails, I would find the knife; I thought I had better serve them. I looked for the scales; Jackson drove towards the counter again; he suddenly stretched his arm over the counter, laid hold of my chain, and snatched my watch out. Walker ran out first, Jackson next, and Collinson remained behind, and then went out; I came round into the street and raised the cry of Stop thief! and ran up the street; about seven doors further on, Collinson ran against me, knocked me into the road, and threw me down, he gave me a violent push, which bruised my shoulder and side. I am certain the prisoners are the men.
EMANUEL JERVIS. I am a bricklayer. On the 30th of June, at six o'clock, I was at the Cheshire Cheese, Chelsea; the prisoner, Jackson and Collinson, came in. I heard of the robbery the next day, and told the officer.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, went to Collinson's lodgings, and found him and Jackson there. I secured them. Jackson was concealed under the bed.
COLLINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
