





828. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of June
, one watch, value 2 l. one chain, value 2 s. and one seal, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hammond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in the parish of St. Ann, Soho. My watch, chain, and seal, were taken from my person, at about twelve o'clock at night. A friend of mine had been taken to the watchhouse, and I wanted to go there to bail him out. I had just got to the front of the watch-house, without knowing it, when I asked the prisoner the way to it; she said she was also going to the watchhouse, and if I would go with her, she would conduct me thither. She walked down the lane with me, and contrived to get behind me; in a moment I missed my watch, but did not feel it go from me; I suppose she took it, when I stopped to ask her my way. I called the watchman, and saw her trying to shove the watch into his pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALSOPS
               



            . I am serjeant of the night, and coming down Mary-bone-lane


, saw this man and this woman disputing about a watch, which he said she had stolen. She nudged me with her elbow, and the prosecutor said, come I'll have none of that she has the watch in her hand; upon which Dent, another officer, took it from her hand. We then went to the watchhouse, and the prosecutor said, he was standing there, when he asked her the way.


                  JAMES 
                  DENT
               



            . I took the watch out of the prisoner's hand; here it is.


                  George 
                  Hammond
               



            . That is my watch.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
