







600. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SUTTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , about eight o'clock at night, on the 28th of March
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, two silver spoons, value 2 l.; two sheets, value 10 s.; six yards of linen, value 10 s.; one napkin, value 2 s.; one pillow-case, value 1 s.; one towel, value 1 s.; one gown, value 5 s., and one gown skirt, value 18 d.
            , his property.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a brushmaker
, and live in Grove-street, Commercial-road


. On Sunday evening, the 28th of March, I went out about six o'clock, returned at eight, and found the front door only single locked - I had double locked it. The back door was forced open. Every thing that was moveable was packed up, ready to be taken away - one of the bundles was tied up in a silk handkerchief, which does not belong to me. Every thing was moved from my bed-room down to the parlour. I had fastened the house up before I went out.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a Revenue officer. I live at No. 3, two doors from the prosecutor's; a little after seven o'clock, I heard a noise at the palings of my yard, I went out, when somebody called out that there was a thiefgetting into my yard; just at that moment the prisoner, Sutton, jumped down - he came over the paling, and broke part of it down to get over; I laid hold of him, and gave him to the patrol. He came as if from the prosecutor's.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at No. 9, Grove-street. I was informed that thieves were in Evans's house. I went, knocked at his door, and in a few minutes heard them running down stairs; Sutton was taken soon after. Two persons opened the front door, and Williams ran out. I collared him, and took him to the watch-house.


                  HANNAH 
                  SKELTON
               



            . About seven o'clock in the evening, I was sitting at my parlour window, and saw a man go and knock at Evans's door - nobody answered - he went away, and came again in about half an hour, as it was getting dusk, and knocked again - there were three of them then; I got up, went to my door, and missed them all at once, but soon after I saw a light through the parlour shutters in the house - I then saw a light in the bed-room. I went to the public-house, and told the landlord. Some gentlemen went to the house.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 28th of March I was sitting next door to Evans's, and heard that thieves had broken into his house; I immediately went to the spot, and in a little while two men opened the door and rushed out, one of which I secured - it was Bird.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . On the 28th of March the prisoners were given into my charge at the watch-house. I searched them - on Bird I found a bundle of matches and a key; on Williams I found a piece of dry liver, to quiet the dogs, and a strap to hold dogs in. Sutton had no handkerchief round his neck. I went to the prosecutor's house, and found the things packed up. The bolt was forced off the back door.


                  DANIEL 
                  FILBY
               



            . I live at No. 4, Grove-street. I heard the alarm, went to the back of the premises, and saw Sutton getting over the wall. I saw Bird lying on the top of the wall, I got on the wall, and he ran into Evans's house again. I ran into house, and when I got into the passage I saw them open the front door and run out. I followed them into the street - they were both secured.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. It was not dark.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BIRD - GUILTY. Aged 23.
WILLIAMS - GUILTY. Aged 18.
SUTTON - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
