





339. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HASTINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January
, nine pounds weight of bacon, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Foster
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, No. 18, Old Street


, I lost the bacon on the 27th of last month, on that day about nine in the evening the officer Barrett came in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . On the 27th of January, in the evening about 7 o'clock, I was in the Upper White Cross Street, I saw the prisoner in company with another, and knowing them when they passed me; I looked after them, I perceived the prisoner with something concealed in his blue apron in the front of him; I followed him into Lower White Cross Street, in the City; I watched them, suspecting where they were going with what they had, until they came to a receiving house. I stopped him when he was going in, the other made his escape at that time; I asked him what he had got, he replied nothing; I caught hold of the bacon; I perceived it was bacon; I asked him how he came by it; I told him it would save me a great deal of trouble if he would tell me where he bought it, if not, I should take him into custody, which I did; I locked him up at last, I went into the house of the prosecutor, I asked the wife of the prosecutor if she had lost any thing; she said she had, and she should know it if she raw it. This is the bacon, I have had it in my possession ever since.
Prisoners Defence. I kicked my foot against something in Chiswell Street; I picked up this bacon, I was not in White Cross Street; I was a little intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
