





10. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STRADLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, the carcase of a sheep, value 1 l. 16 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Stanbury
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Stanbury
                  



               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STANBURY
               



            . I keep the White Hart, in the Borough

, in partnership with my brother Richard. Six carcases of sheep were sent to me from Maidstone, and I sent them to Mr. Fountain, of Newgate-street, for sale.



                  SAMUEL 
                  ELLIOT
               



            . I am the prosecutors' errand boy. I was minding the cart with the sheep, in Paternoster-row


, on the 27th of November; the prisoner came up and said, the man in a smock-frock had sent him for a sheep. He took one on his shoulder and went away with it. I am sure he is the man. Bosworth came soon after, and said he had not sent him for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOSWORTH
               



            . I am carman to the prosecutors. I left the cart in Paternoster-row, and took one sheep into the market; when I returned I missed one. I sent nobody for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I was in Newgate-market. The car-man told me he had lost a sheep. I inquired about it, and found the prisoner in custody of my fellow-servant.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am fellow-servant with Wright. I found the prisoner in Bridge-street with the sheep. I went up to him and said he had stolen it. He immediately threw it off his shoulder and tried to run off. The constable took him about six yards off.


                  JOHN 
                  SINGLETON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner come out of Earl-street into Bridge-street, with the carcase of a sheep. Brown called out
"Stop thief!" he then threw it off his shoulder and tried to escape. I took him.
Prisoner's Defence. A man employed me to carry it. I did not take it from the cart,



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
