






544. 
               
                  SAMUEL SMITH


               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     JACOBS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Abbot
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the forenoon, on the 5th of July
, no person being therein, and stealing three gowns, value 15 s a habit-shirt, value 1 s. a petticoat, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Abbot
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; a waistcoat, value 5 s. and a pair of breeches. value 7 s. the property of Edward Abbot
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  ABBOT
               



             I live at No. 14, Worship-street, St. Leonard, Shoreditch


; I occupy two rooms on the ground floor; the house is let out in lodgings to different people; the landlord lives in Crown-street. My family consists of, besides my wife and myself, a daughter and a son.
Q. What age is your daughter - A. Twenty-three. On the 5th of this month I left the house near ten in the morning, I left none of my family in the house, I locked the door and took the key with me.
Q. What is your business - A. I collect the toll at Worship-street bar.


                  MARY 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I left the house on the 5th of this month about nine, I left no one in the house, I locked the door and took the key with me; we have two keys, I have one, my husband has the other; I returned a little after one, I found the door open, I looked about to see if I had lost any thing; I missed my daughter's three gowns I went to my husband and asked him to come back with me, he came; I then missed a white petticoat, a waistcoat, and a pair of breeches. I did not miss the shirt untill it was taken out of the prisoner's pocket. Before I had left home that morning, I had seen all these articles safe.
Q. Were there any marks of violence about the door - A. I saw none. I had a piece of each of the gowns, I went to Mr. Cotton the pawnbroker, shewed the pieces, and desired if any body came to pledge the gowns, they would stop them and send for me. Between five and six o'clock the same day in the afternoon, I was sent for; I went there and saw the three gowns laying on the table, the woman prisoner was there; I saw her searched, a habit-shirt was found upon her; I knew it to be my daughter's.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Abbot
               



            , I live with my parents in Worship street. On the 5th of July, I left the apartment between eight and nine, I left my mother behind; I returned between one and two.
Q. Had you left any wearing apparel in the apartment belonging to you - A. I left three gowns on a chair at the foot of the bed, a cambric-muslin petticoat hanging on the corner of the bedstead, the habit-shirt was in the room, I cannot say whereabouts that was.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 5th of July, I went, in company with Mr. Armstrong, to Mr. Cotton, the pawnbroker in Shoreditch, where I found the prisoner Jacobs and these three gowns; I searched her, and in her pocket I found this habit-shirt; I told her the things were stolen, and asked her how she came by them; she said, she had bought them of a man that day in Wentworth-street. On the following day Smith was brought to the office in custody, I shewed him the gowns and told him he was charged with stealing them; he said, he bought them of a woman in Spitalfields for eight shillings, and sold them to Mrs. Jacobs for eight shillings; Mrs. Jacobs was present, she said, I bought the gowns of you, and you gave me an old shirt in the bargain. Smith acknowledged selling her the gowns but denied giving her the old shirt.
Mr. Knapp. She said that she bought them in Wentworth-street - A. She did, she said of Smith.
Q. Wentworth-street is near Petticoat-lane, it is a place, a fair where people buy these things - A. Yes, on certain days they do.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I know nothing more than being sent for with Bishop to the pawnbroker's, she said, she bought them of a man in Wentworth-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I live with Mr. Cotton, 42, Shoreditch. On the 5th of July about half past five, these two gowns were presented to John Hall, the apprentice, by the woman prisoner, he brought them to me in the kitchen, I knew them to be the pattern of the pieces that were left with me; I came into the shop, and asked her if she had any thing else she wished to leave; she said, why, is not there enough; I said, you have got another gown in your lap, let me look at that; I detained her when I found they all three answered to the pieces that I had left with me. I delivered the gowns up to the officer.
Q. What are the gowns worth - A. About sixteen shillings.
The property produced and identified.
Smith's Defence. I bought the property in the open street and sold them in the open street to this woman. When I have got money I buy any thing I can.
Jacobs Defence. I bought the gowns in the open street; I offered the man half a guinea, he would nottake less than twelve shillings; I had no more than eight shillings in my pocket; I asked him to go home with me; I pawned my ear-rings for four shillings; I have the duplicate in my pocket now.
- ABRAHAMS. Q. Were you in Wentworth-street any time, when you saw any thing pass between the two prisoners - A. I was, last Thursday week between three and four in the afternoon, I saw the woman prisoner buy three gowns of the man prisoner, she gave him twelve shillings, this was in Wentworth-street, he sold her the gowns and the habit-shirt, he said, he might as well give it her, as it was of no use to him. Them are the very gowns, I stood by; if the woman had not bought them I should have tried if I could have bought them.
Q. Did she sent for you when she was in prison - A. Yes, to know if I recollected the man that she bought the gowns of; I told her yes, the next day I went into the fair and saw the same person, I gave him in charge directly.
Jacobs called eight witnesses who gave her a good character.
SMITH GUILTY, aged 37.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JACOBS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Cambre.
