





169. 
               
                  
                     ENOCH 
                     DANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of December
, thirty pounds weight of woollen yarn, value 3l.; seven pounds weight of tow yarn, value 2s.; one weaver's sleigh, value 20s., and one kuee-roll, value 10s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lea
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS LEA. I am a carpet manufacturer
, and live in Albemarle-street, the prisoner was my foreman
. On the 21st of December I missed some yarn. I watched the prisoner, and suspected that he took some yarn away with him every night. On the 14th of December I went to Mr. Weaver's house, and saw a rug exposed for sale, which was made from my yarn; it was a particular kind of yarn. I compared it with my yarn, and it exactly matched. I got a search-warrant, and went with the officer to the prisoner's house, and found a quantity of yarn, and a sleigh in his room, which was mine; andmore yarn in the cellar, which was also mine. I had often observed his pockets bulky. I manufacture my own yarn.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I manufacture my yarn at Wolverhampton and Kidderminster. The prisoner lived with me two years. I believe he once sold carpets by commission.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEAVER
               



            . I deal in carpets, and live in Long-acre. I bought a rug of the prisoner; he used to work for himself at over-hours; he lives in Tash-street, Gray's Inn-lane. I afterwards gave the rug to the prosecutor. I had bought two or three of him before.
Cross-examined. He used to work at his own house some times.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am in Mr. Lea's employ; when the officer apprehended the prisoner, he confessed that he had taken the yarn, and that he had sold Mr. Weaver a rug that morning, which he had made with Mr. Lea's materials.
Cross-examined. This was after he was taken into custody. He implored mercy.
PLANT. I am an officer. On the 21st of December I searched the prisoner's lodgings, and found some yarn; I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Lea's house; he said he wished to see his master, who came with the last witness; he begged for mercy. I stopped him in his confession; he said, I will tell the truth let the consequence be what it will.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Court to LEE. What quantity do you think he took away at one time - A. About 5s. or 6s. worth.
GUILTY. Aged 36.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
