






744. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HERRING
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, four pound weight of veal, value 4 s. six pounds of cheese, value 3 s. and one pound weight of butter, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leyman
                  




               
            , esq.




                  JOHN 
                  SWENEY
               



            . I am a watchman at Kensington


.I saw the prisoners walking about my boat, on the morning of the 4th of June; they were coming from Mr. Harrison's nursery with a bundle, I told the one that had not the bundle to stop; the other three something ever the hedge and ran away thief; he threw down the bundle, and put his hand into his pocket and offered me some money to let him go; I would not take the money, and he run away again; I took the one I had to the watchhouse, and gave a description of the other man who run away, to the other watchman.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  WESTWICK
               



            . I picked up the bundle that the other prisoner dropped, but he made his escape.


                  MARTHA 
                  WEABLY
               



            . I am house-keeper to Captain

Layman
            . I lost these things out of the safe, in the area; there was a loin of veal, some beef steaks, a pound of butter, six pounds and a quarter of cheese, and a pigeon pye. I saw all the things the next day, and knew them.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner Smith, on the 6th of June, at the Rose and Crown, Lumber-court, Seven Dials. I took him to Bow-street, where the watchman swore to him. It was the other prisoner that gave me his name, and told me he was the man that was with him.


                  John 
                  Sweeney
               



            . We afterwards found out, that what the prisoner threw over the hedge was a picklock key; it was found by one of Mr. Harrison's men.
HERRING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
