





368. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Stow
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 2nd of March
, and stealing therein six waistcoats, value 30 s. five coats, value 2 l. three gowns, value 15 s. one petticoat, value 3 s. and a quart pewter pot, value 1 s.
             his property.


                  HENRY 
                  STOW
               



            . My house is No. 19, Homer-street, New-road, Mary-le-bone parish


. I keep an eating-house
. I was at home at the time this happened; it was about a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening; the day light was entirely gone. I was sitting in the back parlour in company with my wife, (the outer door always stands open) I heard a great noise in the passage; I took the candle to ascertain what was the matter. When I came into the passage I saw the prisoner in the passage; he was taken in custody by an opposite neighbour; Mr. Watkins had hold of him. Mr. Watkins said he had information that a man had entered my house, and he suspected he was robbing me. The prisoner was struggling with Mr. Watkins to get away from him. We sent for a constable; the prisoner was secured and searched; nothing was found on him, but in the part of the passage where I found the prisoner struggling with Mr. Watkins there were a quantity of wearing apparel laying close to the prisoner, together with a quart pot. That apparel had been kept in a trunk in the kitchen. The man's apparel was mine, the gowns my wife's.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am an opposite neighbour to Mr. Stow. On the 2nd of March, between seven and eight in the evening, I saw the prisoner Lewis go into Mr. Stow's house; I went and caught him in the passage. I saw some things lay at his heels; he struggled, and wanted to get away from me. They brought a light, and then I saw the things laying at his heels. I had him secured, and a constable was sent for.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PIALL
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner. The things were in the passage. These are them.
Prosecutor. These are the clothes that were kept in the trunk in the kitchen; they are mine and my wife's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going into the house to get something to eat, Mr. Watkins stopped me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
