





332. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry Andrews 
                           Uthwart
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 1 s. a 10 l. bank note, a 5 l. bank note, and seven 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.



                  HENRY 
                  ANDREWS UTHWART
               



            . I live in Norton-street; I live upon my fortune
. On Sunday evening, the 20th of February, about eight o'clock, I was in Newgate-street; I was going further into the City. When I was in Newgate-street, I am quite certain I had my pocket-book in my coat pocket. My pocket-book contained several letters, and about twenty-one pound in notes; a ten pound bank of England note, a five pound note, and six ones. There might be more ones, six I am sure of. I felt some person at my coat pocket. I was quite sober. Upon my feeling some person at my coat pocket I turned round to see who it was. The person that I saw had something tied round his waist; it afterwards proved to be a blue apron. At the time I saw the person he was just turning from me; I saw no other person near me. I did not recollect at that moment that I had a pocket-book in my pocket; I felt for my pocket handkerchief, it was in my pocket; afterwards it came into my mind, I found my pocket-book was gone. I set off after the person; I overtook him about an hundred yards. I did not see him until I came up to him. I seized the prisoner by the coat, and desired him to deliver me my pocket book. He solemnly declared he had not got it. I asked him if he was willing to be searched; he said he was perfectly willing. He was then searched by a person who was with me; nothing was found. I had lost sight of the prisoner. About an hundred yards off my pocket-book was found; it was picked up about a yard off the prisoner; a person picked it up and brought it to Mr. Bellchambers. The person that brought the pocket-book said he picked it up about a yard off the prisoner. I am certain it was my pocket-book; it had my letters in it, and the notes, a ten pound bank note, a five pound bank note, and either six, or more, one pound notes. The pocketbook contained all my letters and notes. I lost nothing.
JURY. Can you positively say the prisoner had an apron on when you overtook him - A. I can positively say he had an apron on then. I cannot say he had that blue apron. When I first saw him he had something round him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BELLCHAMBERS
               



            . I am a wine merchant. I live in Southampton-row, Bloomsbury-square. I was with Mr. Uthwart when he lost his pocket-book in Newgate-street. We were walking to see his sister, who lives in Dowgate-hill. It was soon after seven o'clock, Mr. Uthwart said he had lost his pocket-book. I said, my God, have you indeed, step after me. He clapped his eye upon the prisoner; he said, that is the man. From the prisoner's confusion at the moment I began to think he was the man. We had turned back about an hundred yards, and before we came to Snow-hill, Mr. Uthwart laid hold of him; he charged him with taking his pocket-book. The prisoner said he had not. Some person called out, search him. He had a jacket, with a blue apron on. I felt about him; he opened his jacket and apron. I immediately stooped to the ground, imagining he might have dropped it; and some person said, here is the book, sir. I was close by the prisoner at the time, and the person could not be more than a yard from the prisoner. I then gave the pocket-book to Mr. Uthwart. He went into a spirit shop in Newgate-street to see if the contents were right. The contents were all claimed by Mr. Uthwart. I think the bank notes in it were twenty-four pounds. It was reckoned; it was near thereabouts. Mr. Uthwart said it was all right. The prisoner went down upon his knees, and begged for mercy, or pardon, something of that kind. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Webb
               



             was the person that produced the book.


                  RICHARD 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter; I live in Noble-street, Falcon-square. I saw the prisoner when Mr. Uthwart had hold of him; not before; he had already hold of him. When I came up I picked up the book about a yard from the prisoner; who dropped it I cannot tell. I sung out, who belongs to this book? Mr. Uthwart said, me. I went with the prisoner to the Mansion-house. I left him in charge in the Poultry compter.
Q. Did you see the prisoner go down upon his knees and ask for pardon - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know anything of the pocket-book; I never had it in my possession.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
