





758. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DEACON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of July
, a pewter quart pot, value 3 s. and a pewter pint pot, value 1 s,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



            . I keep the Rose and Crown, public-house, Broad-street, St. Giles's




. On Saturday night, the 13th of July the prisoner came to drink some gin with two men, we missed a quart pot that stood on the counter; I followed the prisoner home, she put the light out; I came home got a light, and went and searched the prisoners room. I found the quart pot concealed in a pail of filth, the filth is to be seen on the outside of the pot now. I gave charge of the prisoner. After she was taken to the watchhouse I came back, I asked for the pint of ale that I had drawn; my wife said she missed it. When she missed the other I went back and found the pint pot in her room with part of the ale in it. These are the pots, they are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into Mr. Watts's, and the man, I called my husband and a woman were with me; I called for a quartern of gin; I said, Watts, take the first glass, which he did; we went into the taproom, and called for a pint of beer; I went to the bar, and said, Watts give me a pint of beer; he did; I gave it to the woman, and she took it up to her apartment, and on my going by the bar Mr. Watts said have you seen a quart pot; I said no; he followed me up stairs. There was no candle, but there was a fire of wood; he went down stairs, returned with a light, and before he came into the room, he said here is my quart pot.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
