





91. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, three hundred and eight pounds weight of lead, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of his
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a victualler
, in Sidmouth-street, Gray's-inn-lane. I was assignee to the estate where this lead was lost. On the 6th of November, the watchman heard a noise in the house. I can only swear to the lead.


                  PETER 
                  BLOUD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 6th of November, I heard a noise between one and two o'clock in the morning, I went to discover the noise, I could not discover the noise, I went into Sidmouth-street


, and in the new houses there I heard people walking and talking; I then returned to the watchman at the end of the street to come with me into Gray's-inn-lane; we went down, and discovered three men; we took one out of the three.
Q. Is the prisoner the man that you took - A. My partner took him; I cannot swear to him.
JEFFERY COOK. I am the other watchman; I was standing at the corner of Sidmouth-street, I went with Blond to the new houses; I saw the prisoner up in the building, in the two pair of stairs: I took hold of him, and took him to the watchhouse, and delivered him to the watchhouse-keeper; there was another man with him, he made his escape.
Q. How did they get into the house - A. There was no fastening to the vault, they got in that way.

We searched the house from the top to the bottom; we found this lead in the attic story; they had cut it off the roof; the lead was wet; there had been rain that night. This is the lead.
- BRANSCOMBE. I am a patrole of Gray's-inn-lane. I met Dowland and Cook with a man in custody; Dowland told me they were stealing lead in the new houses. I went back with one of them; we searched the house from the top to the bottom; in the attic story we found this lead, it looked as if it had been taken from the room; the lead was wet; there had been rain that night. This is the lead.
- JONES. I am a watchman. I went into Sidmouth-street with Branscomb; I assisted in searching the house; we found the lead in the attic story.
JOHN BAXTER. I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to me on the 6th of last month, between two and three o'clocke in the morning, and this key and this hammer; I have had them ever since.


                  RICHARD 
                  BEST
               



            . I am a patrole. In the morning, I and some of the watchmen went and fitted on the lead to the roof of the house where it was taken from; it matched exactly to the gutters; it is all gutter lead, and fitted the roof; she roof was snipped intirely of all the gutter-lead.
Prisoner's Defence. I was without any money; I went into this house to lay down, I went up into the two pair, and laid down, and went to sleep; I did not hear any body; I thought it much better to lay on the boards up stairs, than on the cold stones below stairs.



               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
