





172. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHEPPARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, one wrapper, value 1 s.; one piece of cloth, containing twenty-seven yards, value 27 l., and one piece of cloth, containing twenty yards, value 25 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Sampson 
                  Bailey
               




            .
SAMPSON BAILEY. I am clerk to Tanner and Balis, who keeps the Saracen's Head
, Friday-street. On the 31st of December, about three o'clock, I sent 
               
                  Edward 
                  Tickner
               



             to Hatton-garden, with a truck, which contained two ends of black cloth.


                  EDWARD 
                  TICKNER
               



            . I went to Mr. Thompson's, Hatton-garden with the goods, they refused to take them in. On my return I put the truss down to rest myself on Holborn Bridge. The prisoner came up, and asked me where I was going with it? I said to Cheapside. He said he was going that way, and asked me if he should carry it a little way. I let him take it up, he carried it as far as Newgate-street, and then met another man, who stopped him and said
"Ah, Jack, is that you?" and asked him to go and have a glass of gin. They turned down a street to a gin shop, and put the truss down at the door - they asked me several times to go in, and take a glass, but I refused, took the truss up, and came on with it. I had not gone far before they overtook me again. The prisoner said he was going to Cheapside, and would take it a little further for me, he took it off my shoulder, put it down, and told the other to take it up, which he did, and gave the prisoner his hat to carry. Just before we got to Ivy-lane another man came, and almost knocked me backwards, by running against me, then held up his fist, and said
"Mind who you are shoving". I never saw the man with the truss afterwards. I am certain the prisoner is the man who took it off my shoulder, and gave it to him.
Q. When did you see him again - A. He was taken the same evening. When the other man went away with the truss, I asked the prisoner if he saw which way he ran? He said he would go with me to see if he could find him. He ran down Ivy-lane and Paternoster-row with me; when we came to Lovell's-court, he ran up there, and pretended to look after him, I went up too. He ran out before me, shut the gate, and ran away, I opened the gate, ran out, and called Stop thief! and Mr. Murdoch stopped him.
JOHN MURDOCH. I was in Newgate-street about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner ran by me with a hat in his hand,I followed, and took him in Bagnio-court - he dropped the hat in the kennel - he had his own hat on. I took him to the Saracen's Head.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the man in Smithfield, he said he had been pushed down; I offered to carry the truss - he met a man in Newgate-street, and took him to a gin-shop. He gave me the man's hat to carry, and helped the truss on his head - he missed the man, I ran to look for him, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
