







1382. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  ROTHERHAM
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SAW-YER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, six window sashes, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hale
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HALE
               



            . I am a builder
. On the 10th of July I was building a house in Globe-lane, Mile-end


-the sashes were in the house, ready to be put in.


                  ROBERT 
                  HIDE
               



            . I and Francis were at work for Mr. Hale, in his brick-field, on the 10th of July, about nine o'clock in the evening, we were by the new houses, and saw the prisoner, Sawyer, walk out from them, the sashes were against the wall-when he saw us he spread his coat before them to hide them - We went to the corner of the house, and kept watching them; I heard Sawyer say,"Bill, come over the wall, we will go and get a pint of beer." We went and called Mr. Hale, and they ran away as fast as they could; another person was with them - I do not know who it was, he came over the garden wall. I described Sawyer, and he was taken the same night. I am sure he is the same man.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I was with Hide, and saw the sashes outside the door. Sawyer said, "Bill, come over the wall, and let us get a pint of beer;" another man came over the wall - They went away. Sawyer was taken in about half an hour. I knew him to be the man.
WILLIAM FRANCIS. The boys described the man to me, I went to several public-houses, and at ten o'clock I saw the prisoners come up the street together - I laid hold of Rotherham, he said, "because I have white stockings on, you think I am the person, but you are mistaken." I took him with me, the other prisoner was with him, 
               
                  John 
                  Francis
               



             saw him, and said he was the man who stood before the sashes. Rotherham said it was the first offence.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SAWYER'S Defence. They took me because I had white stockings on.
ROTHERHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SAWYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
