





205. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     SWIFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, seven shawls, value 10 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gregory
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
WILLIAM GREGORY. I am a linen-draper
, 28, Sun-street, Bishopsgate without


. On the 1st of this month, the prisoner came into my shop, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and bought a small article to the amount of one shilling of me; she left the shop. After that, my lad stated to me that he missed these shawls off the counter; it struck me that it must be the prisoner that had taken them. My lad went out, and brought the prisoner back with the shawls. I sent for an officer, and she was taken in custody.
Q. Did you know her before - A. She had been in my shop repeatedly before.
Q. You did not observe her take the piece of shawls, did you - A. No. I had not the least suspicion she was a thief. These shawls were laying on the counter just by her elbow.


                  EDWARD 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Gregory. I missed the shawls after the prisoner went out of the shop; I had placed them on the counter just before she came in. I told Mr. Gregory; he sent me after her. I went, and found her at the corner of Long-alley, just going into a gin shop with the shawls; I brought her back and the shawls into my master's shop. These are the shawls; I can swear to their being my master's property. The value of them is half-a-guinea. I brought back the prisoner with the shawls upon her.
Prisoner's Defence. There was another woman in the shop, she was as likely to take them as me. I am quite innocent of it.
GUILTY, aged 48.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4 s. 11 d.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
