





151. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LOVEDAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
, a shirt, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , a pair of shoes, value 3 d. a pair of stockings, value 2 d. and a piece of callico, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Watson
                        



.


                  EDWARD 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a bricklayer
. On New-Years day I sent my little girl
 to my mother's house, Green Lane, Stamford Hill


, my mother's name is 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Watson
               



            . The shirt is only mine, I sent for the shirt.
Q. How old is that child. - A. Turned of seven years.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WATSON
               



            . Q. You are the mother. - A. Yes, I live in Green Lane. I sent by this child a shirt, a pair of stockings, and a pair of shoes, tied up in a piece of callico, she was to carry the things to Kingsland to my son.


                  ELIZA 
                  WATSON
               



             I am seven years old.
Q. Where did you meet the prisoner. - A. At a gate, the gate was against my grandmother's, almost down a little alley. I was coming from my grandmother's, a going home to Kingsland, he asked me if my hands were cold, I said yes; then he said, shall I carry your bundle for you, I said no thankye, and then he took it out of my hand, he carried it a little way, and then he said he must go into the field to make water, then he went off.
Q. Are you sure that is the man. - A. Yes, sir. I waited to see if he would come, he did not come, I got upon the bank to see if he was there, he was not there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PULSFORD
               



            . I am a merchant. On new-years day, at five o'clock, I was riding up Stamford hill, I found a child crying, I asked her the reason, she said a man had ran away with her bundle, and that he looked like a painter. I rode down Lower Clapton, and apprehended the prisoner at the bar, he appeared like a painter, with a bundle under his arm, I delivered him and the bundle to Thomas Hill, the constable. The prisoner made no resistance, but said, the bundle belonged to a child that he had lost.
Q. How far was it distant from where the child lost it. - A. About a mile and a half.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



            . I am the officer. I produce the bundle.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WATSON
               



            . These are the things that I sent by my grand-daughter.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take these things from the child, she gave me them to carry; I went over into the field to do my oocasion, I lost the child, I enquired after the child of a great many people.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
