






957. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRUCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROTHBURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, one handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Eastgate
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  EASTGATE
               



            . I live in Lucas-street, St. Luke's. On the 27th of May, I spent the evening at the Swan, public-house, in the Strand, and was returning home about nine o'clock at night - I was the worse for liquor. In my way home Thompson stopped me near the Bolt in Tun, in Fleet-street


, and told me to feel for my handkerchief - I felt, and missed it. He took me to the Compter, and produced it.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 27th of May, about half-past eight o'clock, I saw the two prisoners in the Strand, about three hundred yards from Templebar. They followed a gentleman; I suspected them, and followed them through Temple-bar - They then left that gentleman and followed another, crossed over, and came up the street again on the right-hand side. When they got to the Bolt in Tun they met the prosecutor, who appeared to be in liquor - They immediately turned round and followed him. I saw Bruce go up and try his pockets - He put his hand in, and pulled the handkerchief out about four or five inches: Rothburn immediately closed up to conceal him. Bruce then took the handkerchief out, and both darted into a court together. I followed, and caught them both. Bruce threw the handkerchief down; I pulled them towards it, and picked it up. Owen came and took charge of them while I went after the prosecutor - I found him in five minutes; he missed his handkerchief, and claimed it when I shewed it to him at the Compter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners in company, and watched them. I saw the handkerchief in Bruce's hand - I did not see him take it. Thompson went and secured them. Bruce said, "Why do you collar me? I am a tradesman's son, and have done nothing." We took them to the Compter. The prosecutor was brought there and claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BRUCE's Defence. I was coming from the Temple, and met Thompson with the handkerchief in his hand. He asked me to go with him, which I did.
BRUCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
ROTHBURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
