





546. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FOY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, a silk parasol, value 13 s. one other parasol, value 13 s. one other parasol, value 13 s. a silk umbrella, 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Southall
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Fossick
                        



                     
                  ; in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Fossick
                     



.
MR. CARTER. I live in Great Sutton-street, Blackfriars-road; I am a general salesman.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; I have seen him four or five times. He stated himself to be an umbrella-manufacturer
. On the 21st of April, he came to me, he brought several articles, which I cannot charge my memory; and among the rest he brought some parasols and an umbrella; he sold them to me; I suspected him, and sent my lad after him. The lad lost him in Exeter-change; he came back and told me had lost the prisoner. I then found out his master, and sent to a relation of Mr. Fossick. In consequence of that Mr. Fossick waited upon me, he saw the parasols, and the umbrella; which he claimed. These are them. I am quite sure they were brought to me by the prisoner. I gave the prisoner eleven shillings a piece, for the parasols and for the umbrella 15 s. 6 s. The prisoner had been at my shop selling umbrellas. When he came with the three parasoand the umbrella I bought them, as Mr. Fossick wished to detect him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Southall and Fossick, 63, Gracechurch-street


. It is the dwelling-house of Mr. Fossick, and the trade-house of both. The prisoner was their porter.
Q. Look at the property produced, and tell me whether that is the property of your masters - A. They are, I am certain of it.
Q. What are their christian names - A. Samuel Southall, and Samuel Fossick. I heard Mr. Fossick tell the prisoner that he had every reason to believe he had been robbed by him to a considerable amount; wished me to go and see what was in his box; there were twenty-five duplicates delivered to me. The prisoner said he had delivered all the duplicates up he could find. Mr. Fossick sent for an officer; the officer found one other duplicate on his person.
MR. GANDY. I am a silk-manufacturer. Messrs. Southall and Fossick have all the silk I manufacture. I know this silk; I only make for them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
