





1008. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th June
, one watch, value 6l.; one chain, value 5s., and one watch-key, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Bartley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BARTLEY
               



            . I am a gardener
; and live in Mill-row, Kingsland-road. On the 4th of June, at three o'clock in the afternoon, I and my wife were opposite Highbury Barn


, looking at some children. I had my watch safe in my fob; the prisoner came up, and closed against me. I had my hand over my watch. I attempted to keep him off. He snatched the watch out of my fob. I immediately caught his arm, and saw the watch in his hand. Somebody behind struck me on the back, to prevent my securing him. I held him tight, and gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. It was about half-past three o'clock; my wife was with me.
Q. Then you did not say that you had lost your watch, and never saw it in anybody's hand - A. The prisoner said, if I would not prosecute him, he would pay me for it. They got the watch from him. I saw him give the watch to somebody else.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BARTLEY
               



            . I was with my husband. I was just by him. I heard him call out that he had lost his watch. He had hold of the prisoner, and said he had taken it from him. The prisoner was struggling to get away. I have never seen it since. The prisoner said, if my husband would go with him, he would pay him anymoney for the watch, not to prosecute him. I got an officer to take him. The first man that took him, wanted my husband to let him go.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a constable of Islington. I was at Highbury Barn, and was sent for to take the prisoner into custody. Bartley held him; he said he had lost his watch. I searched, but found nothing on the prisoner. He said he was innocent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a headborough. I was on duty. The prosecutor brought the prisoner to me; said he was robbed; and desired me to search him. Owen came up, and took him. The prisoner was very much alarmed.
Prisoner's Defence. I have a witness to call.


                  LUCY 
                  RICE
               



            . I live in Long-alley, Moorfields; my husband is a shoe-maker. I was at Highbury; I never saw the prisoner before that, nor the prosecutor. I was trying to get into the gardens. The prosecutor turned round, put his hand to his fob, and said, "I have lost my watch." He took hold of the prisoner, and said, "You have got my watch. He put his hand to his fob. The prosecutor appeared to be very much in liquor.
COURT. Q. Very much so, did he - A. Yes, he smelt so, walked so, and could hardly stand. He called for an officer, who took the prisoner into custody. He said,"You have got my watch;" the prisoner denied it. He(the prisoner) never moved or struggled at all.
Q. Not struggle at all - A. No; nor even attempt to get away.
Q. Perhaps you think the man was so drunk that he did not know what he was about - A. I do not think he did.
Q. You did not know where the prisoner lived - A. No, he was a perfect stranger to me; I did not know where he lived, nor do I know now.
Q. Did you tell the prisoner where you lived - A. Yes, I told him at Islington where I lived.
Q. Where was your husband at the time - A. At home-at Highbury Barn; I left him there, while I went up with the prisoner. My husband was in the gardens; he had been there about half an hour; I did not see him in the crowd.
Q. Did you walk home with him - A. No, I missed him, and went home; but I did not go home with him.
Q. How far was the spot where you left your husband from where the man was robbed - A. About four or five yards; I left him to go with the prisoner. I left my husband in the gardens half an hour before.
Q. How far was he from the spot where the robbery was committed - A. Within one hundred yards. He got home before me, because I went before the magistrate at Islington; the magistrate was not at home. I saw nothing of my husband till I got home.
Q. Did you see the officer who first came up - A. Yes, he delivered him to another officer. The first officer did not go before the magistrate. I do not know his name.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BARTLEY
               



            . It was Brown.
- BROWN. I never touched the man. I was inside the gardens.
LUCY RICE (continuing). He was not the officer who first had hold of the prisoner.
Q. Whom does your husband work with - A. He works on his own account.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



             re-examined. The prosecutor did not appear intoxicated. He could not have been in such a situation without my knowing it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACK
               



            . The prosecutor did not appear to me to be at all intoxicated. He was perfectly sober.


                  SOLOMON 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I am an attorney. I am not at all concerned in this case. I was at Highbury, on that day, with the Jewish free-school children. This accusation occurred about five o'clock in the afternoon. When I came out of the garden, I saw a mob on the outside of the house, and saw the prisoner; the prosecutor had hold of him. I knew neither of them. I asked what was the matter? He said a man had been robbed of his watch. I said is that man robbed? He said, No. The prosecutor put his hand down to the prisoner's trowsers.
Q. Did the prosecutor appear intoxicated - A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
