






381. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOPKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILTSHIRE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one great coat, value 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Bell
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BELL
               



            . I live in Gough-square


. On the 20th of January my coat hung up in the passage, the prisoner, Hopkins, came to the door with a note, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I opened the door to him, he gave me the note, and said it came from Mrs. Brown, Stanhope-street; I left the passage with the door open; I went into the parlour, and gave my father the note, and came outdirectly, and found he was gone and my great coat also. I am sure it was there when he came to the door. I ran into the square, and saw him running down Harp-alley, I laid hold of him, but he had not got the coat; a few minutes after the prisoner, Wiltshire, was taken. I am sure, Hopkins is the man, the letter was directed to my father, and soliciting charity, signed 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown
               



            ; we did not know any such person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTINGLY
               



            . I live in Brick-lane. On the 20th of January, I was going by Wine-Office-court, which is close to Mr. Bell's house, I heard the alarm, I saw the prisoner, Wiltshire, pass me and drop the coat; I pursued him, and took him in a gateway in the court, within six yards from where he dropped the coat, he was secreted in one of the gardens-as soon as he saw me he began to run towards Fleet-street, I pursued him down Waterlane and took him. I told him I had got the property that he had dropped. He said he was no thief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOPKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged. 18.
WILTSHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged. 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
