





487. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Conyears
                        




                     
                  , a bank note, value 1 l. a 10 l. promissory note, a 5 l. promissory note, and a 1 l. promissory note, his property
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CONYEARS
               



            . I am master of a barge
 belonging to Yarmouth. I was in the Poultry Compter


 when I was robbed. On the evening before, I was in Bishopsgate-street, I was very forward in liquor; the constable took me up, and put me in the Compter. I slept there that night. In the morning I missed my pocket-book in the prison. I mentioned it to the prisoner; he said, he knew nothing of it: As I was walking about, I saw some papers which were in my pocket-book laying on the ground, which belonged to me; in these two single papers were a one-pound bank note and a one-pound promissory note. The papers I found close to Thomas Williams's feet. I told him I had a suspicion that he had the note; he denied it. There was a ten-pound note and a five-pound country note; the notes were found upon the prisoner; they belonged to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  PINNER
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner. In the sleeve of his coat, was a hole, in that hole, I found a ten-pound note, in one corner of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I searched the prisoner. I found a five-pound note in the sleeve of his coat.
Prosecutor. They are my notes; I know I had them about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
