





508. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, eleven glasses, value11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Apsley 
                  Pellatt
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Green
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leader
                  






                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information I went to the house of Messrs. Pellatt and Green. On Thursday the 5th of this month, about two in the afternoon, I asked Mr. Pellatt for the prisoner Newman. Mr. Newman sent for him to the accompting-house; I secured his hands, and took him to Hatton Garden office. I searched him at the office; I found in his coat pocket, three ale glasses; in his other coat pocket three ale glasses in a cloth; in one waistcoat pocket two ale glasses; in the other, one ale glass; and in each breeches pocket one ale glass.
APSLEY PELLATT, JUNIOR. I am the son of Apsley Pellatt; James Green and 
               
                  William 
                  Leader
               



             are his partners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEADER
               



            . I assist in conducting the business. In our stock it is impossible to miss them glasses; they are exactly a similar pattern of glasses we had. From the pattern, I believe them to be ours. I have no doubt of their being our property, from their similarity.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
