





1498. 
               
                  WILLIAM BUONAPARTE 
                  ORGER
               




             was in dicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 17s. in monies numbered, and 20 bank notes, amounting to the certain sum of 628l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Kidgwell
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  KIDGWELL
               



            . I am book-keeper
 to the salesmen at Smithfield, and live in West Smithfield; the prisoner was my clerk
 - He had lived a fortnight with me. On the 9th of September I gave him a parcel, containing 628l. 17s. in bank notes, country notes, and about 5l. in gold, about three o'clock in the afternoon, to pay into Sir James Esdaile's, on account of the Harborough Bank, in Leicestershire. He returned about half-past four o'clock. I asked him if every thing was right in the City? he said, Yes, I gave him leave to go to dinner - He never returned. He had given me no intimation of his leaving me. On the 20th I saw him in custody. I asked him how he came to deprive me of my property? he said he supposed he was mad at the moment. I have not recovered any of it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You entrusted him with it-Yes.
ALEXANDER ROSS. I live at Plymouth. On the 22d of September I was at a coffee-house at Paris; the prisoner was there with a friend, who said the prisoner had lost 550l. - the prisoner heard him. I asked him if the police could not get the money for him? he said he did not know the numbers of the notes. I came to London, gave information, and described the prisoner.
WILLIAM ATWELL. I am a watch-maker, and live at Holloway. On the 20th of October the prisoner surrendered himself up to me, at Chatham - I had heard of the robbery. I told him he was charged with robbing Mr. Kidgwell - He said he had the money. I brought him to town.
Cross-examined. He said he had been robbed of 550l. at Paris.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
