






141. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN, alias 
HOLDER





               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of December
, twelve hen fowls, value 24 s. and a cock fowl, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob Hans 
                     Busk
                  




               
            .
- ISLES. I am a patrol at Hackney. On the morning of the 27th, I met with the two prisoners in Hare-street, Hackney. They were coming towards London. They had each of them a bundle. I asked them, what they had got. They said, it was their own property: they had bought it at Woodford. I took them to the watchhouse. I examined what the propety was. One bundle contained nine fowls, and the other four.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDENER
               



            . I am the beadle. The prisoners and the fowls were brought to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  ISLES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Busk. On the 27th of December, in the morning, I found my master's hen-roost had been robbed, and in consequence of information I went to the cage, at Hackney. I saw the fowls there. There were thirteen fowls in all. These are the heads. I can swear to every one of them. I fed them.


                  JACOB 
                  HANS BUSK
               



            . I know the fowls perfectly well. I am sure they are mine. I have a country house at Chingford, in Essex


. The prisoner, 
               
                  John 
                  Holder
               



            , had been a servant to me. I discharged him about two years ago.
Price's Defence. We bought the fowls at two and sixpence a head, not knowing they had been stolen.
Brown's Defence. I lived with Mr. Busk. I was discharged without a character. I worked in the summer at hay making. In the winter I could get nothing to do. I had pawned almost every thing.
PRICE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
