





95. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, seven yards of cambric, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Halling
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pearce
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Stone
                  



               
            .
Counsel for the prosecution, MR. ADOLPHUS.


                  EDWARD 
                  STONE
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Halling
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Pearce
               



            . We live at Numbers 10 and 11, Cockspur-street; the prisoner was in our service; he had 35 l. a-year at first, and then 40 l., and boarded in the house. He came in April, 1817, and left us on the 9th of December, 1818, and went into the employ of Davis and Cook.
Q. Did you miss any cambric - A. No, our concern is very large. On the 8th of November Davis and Cook sent for me. A pawnbroker's duplicate was produced, which led me to Lightfoot's, where I found a piece of cambric with my private mark on it. I never authorized him to take it. He never bought a piece.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Do you never sell cambric with a private mark on it - A. Yes; I never sold him any; my partners may for what I know. It was not found for nine months after he left.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you settle with him when he went away - A. No; he did not say how he came by it.


                  TOBIAS 
                  LOVE
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for by Messrs. Davis and Co. to search the prisoner's box. He gave me a bunch of keys. I found sixty-seven duplicates in his box, one of which referred to the cambric pledged at Mr. Lightfoot's, dated the 5th of December 1818. He gave no account of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURLAKE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lightfoot, who is a pawnbroker. The duplicate is one of our house. I took the cambric in pledge of a man, but cannot remember who.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. DAVIS. The prisoner came into my service on the 23d of June, from Mr. Shews, of Aldgate.
(See No. 85.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
