







995. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WEBB
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BRICKHILL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     BARRATT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, one watch, value 5 s.; one key, value 1 d., and one ribbon, value 1 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Griffin
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop
, in Bethnal-green-road


. On the 9th of June, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, the three prisoners came into my shop together; my wife and I were in the passage by the side of the shop - hearing footsteps we went into the parlour, and saw Webb take the watch off the nail; he went into the shop, and handed it to Brickhill, and all three ran out. I pursued, and saw them walking towards Bethnal-green - we lost sight of them there, and found them inCamden-gardens. My wife seized Brickhill and Webb. I saw Brickhill hand something to Barratt, I followed and stopped Barratt. I said,
"You have got my watch!" he said,
"No, I have not - the man who stole it has gone across Hare-fields." I said he had it - he then gave it to me. I let him go, and returned to help my wife, who kept the other two. About ten days afterwards, I saw Barratt in custody, and am certain he is the man.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  ALICIA GRIFFIN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I went into the parlour with my husband, and saw Webb in the act of taking the watch - all three ran out; I followed, and collared Webb and Brickhill. I saw Brickhill give something to Barratt - I will not swear Barratt is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BRICKHILL'S Defence. They have both perjured themselves.
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined One Year
            .
BRICKHILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BARRATT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
