





167. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of January
, seventy-two pounds weight of pork, value 2 l. 5 s. a waistcoat, value 1 s. a pair of pantaloons, value 1 s. six pounds weight and three quarters of a pound of salt, value 1 s. 6 d. and one wrapper, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Read
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  READ
               



            . I am a Greenwich carrier
. On the 2nd of January, I sent my lad with my cart from Gracechurch-street into Lombard-street. His name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Armsworth
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ARMSWORTH
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Read. I had the care of his cart on the 2nd of January; it was about three o'clock I got to Nicholas-lane. I wanted to go to Mr. Scholey's, for some tongues. I could not go there with the cart. I desired Mr. Edney to take care of it, and when I came back Mr. Edney had got the pork on the foot-board. He asked me, whether I had sent any body for it. I said, no. He said, a man had just been there, that said, he had been sent for it. He gave me a description of the man. I pursued and took the prisoner. By his description I had seen the prisoner lurking about the lane, when first I came with the cart. I took the prisoner in Lombard-street. I brought him back to the cart. A gentleman sent for an officer; he took him in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDNEY
               



            . I am a carrier. I was standing just at the entrance of Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street


, waiting for the money of a parcel. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Armsworth
               



             drawed up with Mr. Read's cart; he asked me to give an eye to it while he run down the lane. The person came to the door to pay me. I looked round, and saw the prisoner in the cart. I saw him take a bundle out. He jumped from the cart with the bundle in his arms. I went to him, and took hold of the bundle, and asked him, what he was going to do with it. He said, he was going to Sam's coffee-house. I told him he must not take it until the man came that belonged to the cart. He then laid the bundle on the foot-board, and turned down a court that leads into Nicholas-lane. He called out to his mate. Armsworth came to the cart directly afterwards. I told him. He persued him, and brought him back.
Q. to Armsworth. What did that bundle contain - A. Pork, seventy-two pounds weight, and six pounds weight and three quarters of salt, a pair of pantaloons, a waistcoat, and a pair of gaiters. These are the things.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the cart, nor did I ever see the bundle, until I saw it in the Poultry Compter.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
