





629. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KENLOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, a silver soup ladle, value 30 s. a counterpane, value 12 s. four shirts, value 22 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Pollock
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house; and a watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gruby
                  



               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  POLLOCK
               



            . I live in Charing Cross, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields


.
Q. Is it your house, or do you rent it - A. It is the King's house, I occupy the shop, and several apartments up stairs, I do not pay any rent.
MRS. POLLOCK. I am the wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Pollock
               



            . The prisoner had lived in my service six months. On the 4th of September I missed the property, a silver soup ladle, a counterpane, four shirts, and a watch belonging to the apprentice, I suppose they were taken at different times. The things are here.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Philip 
                  Lawton
               



            , a pawnbroker, 21, Green-street.
Q. Did you take in any articles of the prisoner - A. I did.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner - A. Since May last. On Wednesday evening, the 3d of September the prisoner pledged with me, the soup ladle, I lent her thirty shillings upon it; I delivered it up on the 6th of September to Mr. Pollock on the 10th of June, I took in one shirt of the prisoner, and another on the 25th of May. I delivered them to Mr. Pollock.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing only to the value of 3 s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
