





373. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WELLS
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 9th of December
, being a clerk
 and servant employed by 
                     
                        
                           Abraham Purshouse 
                           Driver
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        William 
                        Driver
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Driver
                     



                  , entrusted by them to receive monies and valuable securities on their account, did by virtue of such employment receive and take into his custody and possession, a certain bankers draft for the payment of 18l. 14s. and afterwards to wit, on the same day, feloniously embezzled the same
            .
JOHN PETER RASCH. I am an under-writer at Lloyd's. In the month of December last, I owed some little balance to Messrs. Driver. The prisoner called on the 7th or 8th; the prisoner called, asking for money for Messrs. Driver; the sum due was twenty-three pounds, nineteen shilling; but I stated to him that a deduction ought to have been made, and that if he would represent it to Messrs. Driver's and Co. I had no doubt but that they would take something off. On the 9th, he came again, and said that the gentlemen would take off five guineas, though it was not customary. He then deducted the five guineas, and I immediately paid him the balance, by a check on Smith, Payne, and Smith, which check was sent to me in my banker's book. The prisoner wrote a receipt in my presence, which I have.
(Recept and check produced and read.)


                  EDWARD 
                  DRIVER
               



            . I am a land surveyer, in partnership with Abraham Porshouse Driver, and William Driver. The prisoner was our clerk, and employed to receive monies and valuable securities on our account. We never authorized him to make any deduction in the account of Mr. Rasch, or even knew that he applied to him for payment. He never rendered any account whatever of this money to us. I have examined the book, in which such money ought to have been entered, and no entry is made of it whatever.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
