









744. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAJOR
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREENFIELD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SELBY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  JAMES LOCKTON

               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Toomor
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 14th of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 1l.; one ribbon, value 2d.; two seals, value 2s.; one key, value 1d., and one half-crown, his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOMOR
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Swanyard, York-street, Westminster. On the 14th of April, in the afternoon, I was at a bull-bait in Tothil-fields


, and was surrounded by the prisoners and others - I knew Major and Greenfield before - I used to go to school with Major. A man of the name of Williams first came up to me; my apron was tucked up over my watch. He asked a man if he wanted any thing? and said if he did, he would punch him in the mouth. I thought I would get out of the mob, but they all surrounded me, with several others. Williams seized my left arm, and Major seized me round the waist, while the others kept shoving me about. Greenfield struck me. I put my hand over my watch and money in my trowsers. At that time I felt it go from me, and calledout, "Let me go, Major!" I felt a hand in my pocket. One of them squeezed me in a certain part, by which means they got a half-crown. I called for assistance, and was dragged into a cart by the people - I then lost my senses. When I recovered I saw Major, Greenfield, and Williams, in the crowd. I remained there for two hours, till the bull-bait was over, being fearful I should be molested before I got out of the field; I then gave Gillmore information-the prisoners were afterwards taken. Major and Greenfield robbed me. I do not know that the others did any thing.
Cross-examined by MR. MARSHAM. I went to the bull-bait out of curiosity. I do not generally attend these diversions. There might be a thousand people there.
Q. After the bull-bait was over, there was a ring made for a fight - A. Yes; I was in the cart at the time - I had drank nothing.
Q. Did you not say you could not swear to Major - A. I said I could not swear that he took the watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAGGER
               



            . I live in Rochester-row; I was at the bull-bait. I saw several people round the prosecutor. They got him against the shaft of my cart. I saw Green-field, Lockton, and Major there-Major was close to the prosecutor, feeling in his pockets for a long while, while the prosecutor called out, "Murder! for God's sake help!" Major got something from him, which I thought was his watch. He said,
"I have got it! I have got it!" I saw Greenfield strike the prosecutor a heavy blow on his right eye before the watch was taken - He kept pushing and hustling him; Lockton kept shoving him about-there were fifteen or twenty in the gang. The people pulled the prosecutor into the cart-the gang called out, "Turn it over!" the prosecutor then said he had lost his watch: he was afterwards insensible. The gang did not leave the field. The prosecutor remained in the cart for two hours; he said he was afraid to go - He could hardly walk. He went away with a man named Judd.
Cross-examined. I knew the prosecutor by sight. I never saw him at bull-baits - I do not frequent them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am a baker, and live at Westminster. I was in Hagger's cart at the bull-bait, and saw the gang hustling the prosecutor - Lockton and Selby were among them, pushing him about as if they wanted to rob him. He was taken up into the cart very weak and faint; I left the cart about a quarter of an hour after.


                  ISAAC 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at Pimlico. I was in the cart, and saw the prosecutor pulled into it. Selby was one of the men who surrounded him.
Cross-examined. I left the field soon after.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I and Gillmore apprehended Major and Greenfield about seven o'clock that night. - we took Selby at nine o'clock. I took Lockton next day. We found nothing on them.
COURT. Q. Was you at the bull-bait - A. Yes, and saw the prisoners several times together there. I saw the prosecutor taken up into the cart; I was on the opposite side of the way.
Q. Why did you not apprehend them - A. I should have lost my life if I had interfered.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Greenfield at the bull-bait; I was on the roof of a house just by. I received information, and took the prisoners with Cooper.
MAJOR's Defence. I am innocent.
GREENFIELD'S Defence. I never saw the prosecutor.
LOCKTON's Defence. I am innocent.
MAJOR - GUILTY. Aged 23.
GREENFIELD - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
SELBY-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LOCKTON-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
