






661. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DUFFEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, one gown, value 10s.; four caps, value 4s.; two aprons, value 2d.; one towel, value 2d.; one pair of shoes, value 4s.; three gold rings, value 3l. 3s.; one tea caddy, value 1s.; and nineteen shillings
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               




            .
MARY SMITH. I live in Globe-street, Ratcliffe


. On the 9th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I lost my things out of the back room. I was in the front room, and saw a man run out of my room - I followed him, calling stop thief, till he was secured-it was the prisoner, Duffy.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAYHILL
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 9th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I heard the alarm. I live about three doors from Mr. Smith. I looked out of window, and saw the prisoner, Duffy, running, and Mrs. Smith pursuing him. I run into the street, and found the prisoner, Carter, waiting at the bottom of the alley, with the property in his hands. I did not suspect him then. Duffy was secured. He pulled twelve shillings out, and said, he would give all he had to make it up. He made great resistance. When I saw Carter with the bundle. he said he picked it up. He gave me his address, but I found it was false.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



             re-examined. About a quarter of an hour after Duffy was taken, Carter came to me, and offered me all the money he had. He said he would return the caddy and all that was in it, if I would not appear against Duffy. I told him to call again. I informed Nathan, and he took him.
NATHANIEL NATHAN. I am a headborough. I took Duffy to the watch-house. Soon after, Carter came to see him, and in consequence of what I heard, I detained him.


                  MICHAEL 
                  DUFFY
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
