





1190. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sowerby
                     




                  , 9l. 16s. 6d., in monies numbered. and three 2l. and thirtynine 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
JOHN SOWERBY. I am a butcher
 and live in George-street, Portman-square; in July, 1816, I had a public-house in Goodge-street, Tottenham-court-road


, James Barber and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Sowerby
               



             managed it for me, the prisoner was servant
 there at sixteen guineas a-year; he came to me in February 1816, he was then in great distress; from his appearance of dress afterwards I told him he was very extravagant, he said every thing was paid for-this was in July last; on the 18th., from suspicion which I had, he was apprehended; I told him I understood he was bargaining for a hackney-coach for 50l., and asked him how he got the money, he said he had not half the amount, we asked him for the notes, he said he had changed them into silver, his box was searched and 9l., in silver found there, we asked him at the watchhouse if he had any money about him, he said he had not got any at all, we found thirty-nine 1l., and three 2l., notes on him.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. I had given him 1l., I always paid him quarterly.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  INMAN
               



            . I assisted at the public-house, I always mark the notes that I take, (looking at them,) here is one marked Metcalf, 21-1, and another Shipley, 30-12, another Foster, 30-12, meaning the 30th day of December, they are dated 1816-the prisoner had access to the till - We settled with Mr. Sowerby twice a week.
Cross-examined. I only know three of them.


                  JAMES 
                  BARBER
               



            . I was servant at the house. About four weeks before the prisoner was taken, I talked to him about his extravagant dress, his great coat was lined throughout with silk.
SOWERBY re-examined. I parted with the money assoon as I received it - I paid the prisoner four guineas on the 1st of January, 1817, the note received in December could not have been among them.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
