





522. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, a piece of gingham, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stiles
                  




               
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  PENTWAY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Stiles
               



            , this piece of gingham was lost on Friday, the 17th of February from off a bar that is on the door inside of the shop it hung at the door at two o'clock I missed it five minutes afterwards I went to the door some man at work close by said, there runs the thieves; I saw three men running away together; I pursued them, the prisoner was the one that had the gingham on his arm he put it under his coat, part of it hung below his coat I saw it, they were all three running together, two of them took one way the prisoner the other way, when he got to the corner of Pancras-street, he threw the gingham into a garden; I still pursued him, and caught him a few doors below; I never lost sight of him, a young woman picked up the gingham and brought it to the shop; this is the gingham, there is seventeen yards of it, value thirty shillings, it is my master's property


                  MARY 
                  WHITING
               



            . I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner runing, he threw the gingham into our garden; I picked it up, and delivered it at Mr. Stiles's shop.
Prisoner's Defence. A young man dropped thisprint I picked it up, not knowing it was stolen, and when I heard the cry of stop thief, I threw it away immediately.



               GUILTY
             aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
