






1140. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June

, four table-covers, value 1l. 13s., and one rug, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Thomas
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Thomas
               



            , who is a warehouseman
, and lives in Mumford-court, Milk-street, Cheapside



. The prisoner was his porter
.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of June, I and Smith were employed to watch the prosecutor's premises; we had been watching two or three days before - We had been there from seven o'clock, I was in Lawrence-lane, and Smith was at the end of Milk-street, to watch both doors; a little after eight o'clock I saw the prisoner come out of the court into Lawrence-lane, he appeared confused when he saw me; we followed him down Aldermanbury, and lost sight of him in Force-street. He appeared very bulky, and much larger than when I saw him go into the warehouse. He had seen us, and started off. We lost him. We immediately went to No. 13, Newcourt, Moor-lane, where the prisoner Roberts lived. I looked through the window, and saw the prisoner, Walker, there - We waited about two minutes, and then saw him come out, tying his apron on, and go down the court, he did not appear so bulky as before; he saw us at the bottom of the court, and went into a public-house - He appeared very confused. I went in, took him, and found 5s. 6d. on him; we took him back to Roberts's, we found Roberts and his wife at breakfast in the room where I had seen Walker, I asked them both to produce the property which Walker had brought in - They denied his having brought any. I said it was all nonsence, for I knew better, and was sure something had been brought in. His wife immediately went to the drawers in the same room, and produced two table-covers. I asked them if they had any thing more there? they both said, No. I found two more in the same drawer, and under a turn-up bedstead I found a rug. I secured the prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. When you saw Walker in the room was any other person there - A. No; I went to the bottom of the court, which is a thoroughfare. I could not see the house. When I returned I found Roberts there-his wife was the principal person who answered me.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did Roberts appear as if he had been out - A. No; they both answered, almost together, that nothing had been left.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROBERTS'S Defence. When I married my wife, I found her house furnished, and I did not know what was there. I never opened the drawers.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBERTS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
