





747. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DICKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, three carriage glasses, and frames and strings there to belonging, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rhodes
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Billings
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM RHODES. I am a stable-keeper

, in partnership with James Billings, we live in Fulham Bridge-row, Knightsbridge


. Between the 3d and 4th of April, at night, I lost three glasses out of the carriages in my yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable of St. Dunstan's in the West. On the 4th of April, about a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, Davis and I were standing by St. Dunstan's church, and saw the prisoner coming with the coach-glasses, wrapped in an apron, under his arm. I asked him where he was going with them? he said he received them from a coachman of the name of Oakley, at Mr. Goulder's, Swan-yard, Knightsbridge, and was taking them to Mr. Windus, the coachmaker, in Bishopsgate-street. I told him I must detain him and the property until I was satisfied. He said he did not know to whom the glasses belonged; that he received them the night before, but being futigued he could not carry them that night, but kept them till the morning. We went to Swanyard - They knew nothing of them or the prisoner. While we were there a man came and claimed them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was with Turner. The prisoner came up - We asked him what he had? he said it was plate-glass; they were wrapped in a woman's apron. I asked him what was going to he done to them? he said they would not slip, and that they were to be altered.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
