





436. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of March
, one handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jonah 
                           Spode
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. ARMSTEAD. I am a clerk to a merchant, in the City.
Q. When did this happen - A. On the 29th of March, about half past eight in the evening, in the Strand, between St. Clement's and the New Church, on the South side


. I saw the prisoner's hand take a handkerchief from Mr. Spode, the prosecutor's pocket; I was close to them; I tapped Mr. Spode on the shoulder, and told him he was robbed, at the same time pointing to the prisoner, whom I never lost sight off; he merely walked across the way; Mr. Spode and myself followed him, and just as Mr. Spode was going to collar him, he dropped the handkerchief at his feet that he took out of Mr. Spode's pocket; we secured him, and took him into a baker's shop; he there confessed that he had done the robbery.


                  JOSIAH 
                  WILLMOTT
               



            . I assisted in securing the prisoner; I saw the handkerchief laying at the prisoner's feet.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. This handkerchief was delivered to me by the prosecutor.


                  JONAH 
                  SPODE
               



            . I was informed by Mr. Armstead that I had been robbed; I pursued the prisoner with Mr. Armstead, and with his assistance and others, we took the prisoner into custody. I took my handkerchief up at his feet, told him it was my handkerchief. This is the handkerchief; it is my handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
