





1020. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lille
                        




                     
                  , in the King's Highway, on the 1st of October
 for putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one gold seal, value 2 l. his property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  LILLE
               



            . I am a waterman
, and lighter-man
. On the evening of Sunday, the 1st of October, between seven and eight, the prisoner was running along with a hat on his head, and another in his hand. As soon as he saw me, he shyed me, and ran into a corner, where there are some pillars, in Wellclose square


. The people who were crying stop thief, after him, ran by him and me. I went up to him, and he was jammed up in the corner, as close as he could get. The prisoner hit me, and I hit him again in the left eye, and down he went; I fell with him, I was uppermost; and I kept him down. Whilst he was down, I felt a tug at my watch, but did not give it a thought at that moment. I called for assistance but the watch was not then set. Nobody would assist me, for the people said, he had a knife in his hand. I saw something in his hand, but whether it was a knife or not, I do not know. He vowed all manner of things he would do to me. He said he would cut my b - y guts out, if I did not let him go. A young man that I knew said Lille, let him go, he is a complete out and outer; that means, the worst description of theives, and a fellow who would as soon run a knife in you as lock at you. I then let him up; and when he got up, I missed my seal, and told a witness, who is here. He then put himself in an attitude for boxing; and backed, and backed, until he got to the corner, and then he turned about, and was off, as quick as an arrow from a bow. My waistcoat was cut through and through. I suppose my seal was worth two pounds.


                  JOHN 
                  BOYLE
               



            . I am a journeyman baker, I was coming through Wellclose square, and heard a cry of stop thief, and saw Lille with a hold of the prisoner by the collar. I heard the prisoner make use of very bad expressions, and heard Lille say, his seal was gone. I saw his waistcoat cut. The prisoner made believe to show fight, when Lille let him up; and then turned about at the corner of the passage, and ran off.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I received information of the robbery, of the hat; and took the prisoner at about ten o'clock at night. I found his left eye black, as Lille told me he knew it would be.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.
COURT. The force and violence was not used to procure the seal; and therefore it does not amount to a Highway robbery.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30,
Of stealing from the person, but not of the assault.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
