





803. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, a watch, value 40 s. and a silver tea-spoon, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Woodgear
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling house
            .


                  MARY 
                  WOODGEAR
               



            . On the 10th of October the prisoner came in with two other men; one of the men lodged in my house at the time my husband was living, his name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Stone
               



            ; the other was a sailor. They called in and said, how do you do. I am a widow, and have two children; I keep a green-shop
. They stopped a quarter of an hour or ten minutes. The watch was hanging at the mantle shelf, and the silver spoon was on the mantle shelf; I missed the watch and the spoon after the prisoner had been gone about five minutes. They all three went out, but the man went out five minutes before the others.
Q. You did not see him do any thing while he was there with the others - A. No. I pursued after them, I could not find them; a little boy was standing at the door, I pursued them the direction he told me.
Q. It is your dwelling house, is it - A. Yes; it is in the parish of St. James's, in the liberty of Westminster.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PENTON
               



            . Q. Did you see the three men come out of the house - A. Yes; the prisoner came out first, and the other two about five minutes afterwards. When they came out, they said, it was all right; the prisoner was just by them.
Q. Was he near enough to hear the one say to the other, it is all right - A. Yes. They all three went off together, they ran as fast as they could; as soon as ever the woman came out I told her.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Your watch has not been got back - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. This woman keeps a disorderly house for girls of the town, in the top part of the house; and there are people passing by her room all hours of the day.
Prosecutrix. I was washing with my back towards them, they took an opportunity and took it, there were nobody in my apartment but them three.
Q. What is the value of your watch - A. Forty shillings.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
