





1543. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, one iron axletree, value 20s., and two steel coach-springs, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Atkinson
                  




               
            .
JOHN ATKINSON. I am a plasterer
, and live in Chapel-street, Westminster. I lost the articles stated in the indictment from Frederick-street


 - I missed them at six o'clock in the morning of the 12th of August - They were safe at eight o'clock the night before. I found them at Bow-street on the 15th. I had seen the prisoner lurking about the premises two or three days before.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 15th of August I found the articles stated in the indictment at No. 19, Old Pye-street, Westminster, in a back yard in the prisoner's possession - He was in the act of selling them to Mr. Odell - I secured him. As soon as we brought him out of the house, a signal was given, and a gang of thirty or forty persons attacked me and Buckeridge, and knocked me down - He was rescued from us. About three weeks ago I found him in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ODELL
               



            . I am a dealer in fish, and live in the New Cut. The prisoner came to me at the Marsh-gate, and asked me if I wanted to buy any things. I appointed to meet him at the Bell, public-house, in Pye-street, at five o'clock. He took me to No. 19-while he was showing me the things the officers took him. They were very ill treated by the gang.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BULL
               



            . I was with Murray and Buckeridge, and saw the prisoner selling the things. The officers were attacked, and he was rescued.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD
               



             BUCKERIDGE. I saw the prisoner with Odell and took him. The gang knocked Murray down, and rescued him.
Prisoner's Defence. They were left there for me to sell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
