





477. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STRINGLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, seven yards of floor cloth, value 2 l. 5 s. and two yards of baize, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hare
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  TITTERTON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. John Hare. On the beginning of December, I observed there were two pieces of oil cloth missing from the shop; I had seen them in the shop a few days before, that they stood in the shop with the other goods.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, he is a carpenter
, he had been working in the house, three weeks before this happened; he was at work at the time he was taken in custody. On the 9th of March 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gardner
               



            , the officer came, he asked me if I missed any cloth, pointing to the pattern in the shop; I told him I had; he took the prisoner into custody in our house.


                  RICHARD 
                  MONDAY
               



            . I am a broker and appraiser, on the 28th of February, I made a distress on the prisoner's goods, his room was in Dorset street, Westminster; I distressed the prisoner's goods among the articles were a piece of green baize, and two pieces of oil cloth; I value them at thirty-five shillings; the officer has them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am an officer; I heard that Mr. Monday had made a distress on the prisoner; I went to Mr. Hare's, and asked Mr. Titterton if he had sold any of that oil cloth, he said no, he had lost some; I told him, Mr. Monday had seized some off the prisoner; I took the prisoner into custody, this is the oil cloth, and the baize.
Titterton. It is Mr. Hare's property.



               GUILTY
             aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
