






1264. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEIL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRUCE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sawyer
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 1s.; one 30l., one 25l., and five 10l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I live at Hammersmith. On the 6th of August, I returned home on the stage. I got on the stage at Hemming's-row


; the prisoners and another man, who is not here, were on the coach-top, Mr. Ross sat on the box. I had my pocket-book, containing a 30l., a 25l., and five 10l., and some smaller notes. I sat between the prisoners, four in a row; we rode as far as the White Horse Cellar, in Piccadilly


; the prisoners and the other man got off and wentaway as the coach pulled up, before it stopped. They had not been gone five minutes before I missed my pocketbook and its contents. The five 10l. notes are particularly marked. I gave information at Bow-street. Three of the 10l. notes were produced at the Bank about a week after.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROSE
               



            . I was on the coach-box. The prisoners were on the roof; the prosecutor sat between them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERLE
               



            . I am a clerk at the Bank. I produce the three 10l. notes which were paid in there.
Mr. SAWYER, re-examined. These are three of the notes I lost.


                  JOSHUA 
                  COLE
               



            . I live in Bridge-street, Westminster. On the 15th of August I sold two young men a hat each. Bruce was one of them; he paid me a 10l. note; one of these produced is it (looking at a hat). This is the hat I sold Bruce. He wrote William Bruce, William-street, Lambeth-street, on the note.


                  JOHN 
                  TAPSCOTT
               



            . I keep a public-house in the Almonry, at Westminster. On the 6th of August I changed a 10l. note for a woman who cohabits with Neil. One of those produced from the Bank is it.
Cross-examined. I know he lives with the woman; she is now in Court.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCARNELL
               



            . I am a hatter, and live in Tothill-street, Westminster. On the 10th of August I sold a woman a hat, she paid me a 10l. note, and gave me the name of Neil. One of these produced is the one she gave me.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. On the 29th of August I and Cooper went to No. 23, Carlisle-place, Lambeth, and inquired for Neil and Bruce; we were told they were not at home; we said we would call at nine o'clock. We went round another way, and came into the Carlisle Arms, where we could see the door; in about an hour the two prisoners passed us and knocked at the door; they were answered from the window by Bruce's wife, and both immediately left the house, and came down towards us, as soon as they saw us they ran in different directions. Cooper took Bruce, and I took Neil. We took them to the public-house; and then went back to No. 23, Carlisle-place, and found a hat in the back parlour, with Cole's name in it. We found a parcel of matches in Neil's pocket.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I took Bruce, and found a hat in the back room, upon the second floor, with James and Co.'s name in it.
BRUCE'S Defence. I took the note of a Jew for some jewellery.
NEIL'S Defence. I was not in London at the time of the robbery; I was at Gravesend.


                  JAMES 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I live at Stangate, and am apprenticed to my father, who is a waterman. On the 6th of August, about two o'clock in the morning, I returned from Vauxhall. Neil hired me on the Surry side of Westminster-bridge to take him to the Gravesend boat, which I did, and put him on board the King George packet at half-past four o'clock in the morning. I saw him sail.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you hear Neil, at his examination, say, he went to Gravesend by the coach - A. No.
GILLMORE re-examined. The prisoner said he went to Gravesend by the coach.
COOPER re-examined. I heard him say so.
NEIL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BRUCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
