





439. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     KEITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Raptey
                        




                     
                  , two dollars, value 10 s. two shillings, and two one pound bank notes
            , his property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RAPTEY
               



            . 
               
                  Henry 
                  Raptey
               



             is my husband. I live at No. 9, Cold-bath-square, St. James's, Clerkenwell


. On the 22nd of April the prisoner was charing for me, I set her to clean the kitchen, and told her when she had done to bring me a pail of water into the parlour; she brought me the pail of water, and took out the carpet from the back parlour into the yard, and went out of the back door and never returned; after she was gone I missed, immediately, two one pound notes, two dollars, and 2 s. The prisoner went to sell a pot that she had stole from somewhere else, the person sent to me. I went to the prisoner and asked her where was the money she had robbed me of; she told me that the had got tipsey and lost it.
Q. Then you never found the money since, have you. - A. No; I know she had the money, there was no other person in the place but she and me. I missed the money out of a closet in the kitchen, I had not locked the closet door.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . On the 27th of April, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner on another charge. I asked her how she came to rob the lady; she said, she did not know, but she had done it, she said she had spent part of the money, she got so intoxicated, she did not know whether she was robbed of it or lost it.
Prisoner's Defence. My prosecutrix said that she would take the money, would make it up, and would not prosecute me; I did not take it all at one time.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
