





438. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LOMAS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of March
, ninety pounds in bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Piety
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PIETY
               



            . I am a coal-porter
, and when I lost this money; it was on 4th of March, while I was tossing Cook for some beer, at the Three Elms, St. Ann's-lane. Westminster


. While I was tossing, this Lomas got by my side, and told me he knew me very well; kept tossing on for some time, and he kept leaning over my hand every minute, while I was covering a halfpenny with it after having tossed it up. I had this money in my pocket, on the same side of me on which he sat. He went away afterwards; and after he had been gone about a quarter of an hour, I missed my money; every one was searched there, and we found a ten-pound note under the table.
DANIEL RICKETS I saw them tossing, and saw the prisoner sitting by the prosecutor's side. I saw the prisoner go away, and iabout about quarter of an hour afterwards, the prosecutor said he was robbed. I saw the note picked up from under the table. Before that, I had seen the prosecutor with a bundle ofnotes; I had seen him flash them on the table.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I was in this house, and kept the score while they were tossing, and I saw George Piety pull out three twenty-pound notes, two ten-pound notes, and two five-pound notes, and he put them into his left hand pocket. A man of the name of Cook called me out, and said he wanted to speak with me, and when I went in, after speaking with him about the fight between Curtis and West Country Dick, Lomas was gone. Then we were all searched when the prosecutor missed his money, and he was searched, but no money found. The prisoner was the only person who was missing; he had been sitting on the prosecutor's left hand side.


                  JAMES 
                  SALMON
               



            . I was in the room, and I was searched also. The prisoner sat on the prosecutor's left hand side, and he went out about a quarter of an hour before the prosecutor missed his money.


                  MARY 
                  HOMAN
               



            . My husband keeps a public-house in Stretton-ground, Westminster. The prisoner at the bar came to my house on the 4th of March, in the evening, between ten and eleven o'clock, and called for half a pint of gin, and he pulled out a bundle of papers like notes, and pulled one from among them, which he spread on the bar, and asked me to change it, and take the money for the gin; I told him I could not, for it was a twenty-pound note; upon which he grabbled it up; and put down another, which I also told him I could not change, because it was a ten-pound note; he then told me I must put the gin up to him.
JAMES GILMORE. I produce the note found under the table.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
