





610. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a watch, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Best
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS BEST. Q. Where were you when your watch was taken from you - A. At Millbank, at the mail-coach manufactory


.
Q. What was the value of your watch - A. Three pounds.
Q. Did you perceive your watch taken from you - A. I perceived it go out of my fob by a sudden snatch. He put his right hand down by his side, and I immediately collared him, and he dropped the watch out of his hand. A man that stood by picked it up. It was shewn to me. It was my watch. The prisoner denied he had taken it.
Q. Are you quite sure the prisoner was the man that conveyed the watch away - A. Yes.
RICHARD WESTWOOD. I am a constable of St. Margaret's, Westminster. I was employed by the proprietor to keep the mob off the gateway, on the King's birth-day. There was a great quantity of people collected, when the watch was taken away. I had seen the prisoner about five minutes before in the crowd. I kept my eye upon him. I saw him drop the watch among the crowd, and put his right foot upon it. I directly jumped up to him, and collared him, and the prosecutor collared him at the same time. The prosecutor said, he had lost his watch. Bodwell picked the watch up. I took the prisoner into custody. I have had the watch ever since.


                  ROBERT 
                  BODWELL
               



            . On the 4th of June I was looking at the mail-coaches coming out of the manufactory. Mr. Best cried out, you have got my watch. He spoke to the prisoner. He had got him by the collar. The moment he spoke the word I heard something fall on the ground. I looked, and saw it was the watch. The prisoner's foot was upon it. I shoved his foot off, and took this watch up.
Prosecutor. This is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at Millbank to see a boat-builder. The mail-coaches were coming out. One of the coachmen's hat fell off, and the horse pranced up. That gentleman laid hold of the horses heads, to prevent them from running into the crowd. And that gentleman accused me of robbing him of his watch. I immediately said, if he thought I had his watch I would go any where where he thought fit. They then said, the watch was under my foot.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
