






509. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February

, twenty-four pair of stockings, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rogers
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Shaw
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MIDDLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Rogers
               



            . We are hosiers

, and live at Nottingham. On the 22d of February, I was in town, and put up at the Cross Keys, Wood-street



. I saw these goods packed in a bag at the time; Burt sewed the bag up. About half-past six o'clock in the evening, they were put in the gallery, until Boots had an opportunity of taking them. About an hour after the prisoner, Smith, was taken, and told me he took the stockings out of the bag, and sold two dozen pair; there were two papers in the bag, and each contained two dozen pair. I went with the officer to Middleton's lodgings, at a court in Cannon-street, the night after Smith was taken, and found the property in two boxes.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Hall, at the Cross Keys. On the 22d of February I was going up stairs to the hayloft, and met Smith coming down stairs, from the gallery, with a paper parcel under his arm, like stockings; he was in my employ. I told the porter of it - Middleton was our porter.


                  THOMAS 
                  BURT
               



            . I am Boots at the Inn. Shaw delivered me the goods to take to Oxford-street. I put them in the gallery, while I went on an errand.


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  HILL
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Lodge, Oxford-street. Mr. Shaw sent us the stockings; two dozen pair were deficient.
JOHN STOCKS. I am an officer. On the 23d of February, I was fetched to the Cross Keys, and found the two prisoners in custody. We searched them, and found a key in Middleton's pocket, which he said was the key of his box, at his lodgings. We went there, and found two dozen pair of stockings in the box. He told us that we should find them there, and Smith told us that Middleton had got them.
MIDDLETON'S Defence. Smith brought them to me in Cheapside, and asked me to take care of them, as he had found them; next day I was taken, and told this to the officer.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHAW
               



            . Nothing of the kind passed.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
MIDDLETON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
