





549. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BREEZE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, a box, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Eames
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am bookkeeper at the White Horse inn, Fetter-lane.
Q. On Saturday the 9th of April last, did you receive a box, and book it - A. I did; it was directed to Captain 
               Pollack
            , of the Royal Navy, to be left at the Crown inn, Portsmouth. I delivered that box to 
               
                  William 
                  Kilham
               



            . The prisoner was with him. I gave him a particular charge with it. It was his duty to take it to the Angel inn, to go by Mr. Eames's coach to Portsmouth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KILHAM
               



            . On the 9th of April, I was driving Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Eames
               



            's cart; I came out of the Angel inn yard; I saw the prisoner at the gateway of the Angel inn. I knew him well before by living in the yard as porter-boy, a twelvemonth ago. As I was coming out with the cart at the Angel inn, he asked me if master was at home; I said, no. Then he asked me if I was going to the White Horse; I told him, yes. He said he wanted to see my master; he was to meet him; he had promised him a situation. He said he would ride with me to the White Horse, to see if master was there. I let him ride in the cart. I went from the Angel, and delivered the parcel that I had to go to the White Horse, and I was to bring back the parcels from the White Horse that were to go to the Angel. I received of 
               
                  James 
                  Wilson
               



            , a deal box directed to Captain 
               Pollack
            , and put it in the cart; I put it at the back of the cart. I had a bill of it. He gave me a particular charge that it must be there as quick as it could, to be forwarded by the Portsmouth coach that goes from the Angel inn. On my coming to the White Horse, Fetter-lane, I got out of the cart; and the prisoner went with me to the book-keeper's office. Mr. Wilson gave me the box. After I got the parcel, he came with me into the cart again, and as soon as I got to Temple-bar


, he asked me if I would give him something to drink; I said; yes. I immediately pulled up of oneside of a liquor-shop, the sign of the Punch Bowl, on the right hand side, between the fishmonger's and the church; I got out of the cart to get the liquor. I was not gone no more than two minutes. When I came back to the cart, the prisoner and the box were gone. When I got out of the cart, I left the prisoner in the cart; he told me he would take care of the box, and when I returned, he was gone, and the box too. I immediately drove home to the Angel, and told the book-keeper of it. This was the 9th of April, Easter eve, and on the Saturday after that, he was taken in custody. On the Saturday following, I saw him at Bow-street; I am sure he is the same person. The box has never been found.


                  JOHN 
                  MANN
               



            . I am employed in the Angel inn. On the Saturday following Easter eve, I was in Chick-lane; the prisoner came up to me; he asked me how I did; he said he was very poor. I asked him if he would have anything to eat and drink; he said, yes, and thank me too. He said he would go with me into a house in Field-lane. I refused. I told him I would go with him to the Bell in Holborn. In going there, he asked me if I had heard of any robbery at the Angel inn; I told him, no. I went with him into the Old Bell; I called for one pint of porter, and then another. I went out, and went to the Angel, and told my master. Mr. Eames went to the Old Bell, and took him into custody.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
