






151. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SCOCART
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , the sum of 3 l. 10 s. in monies numbered, two 5 l. and seven 1 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 9th of November I came to town from Chatham. The coach stopped at Charing-Cross


, between nine and ten o'clock at night. I met Avery at the coach; he assisted in getting the baggage off the coach. He said that he was a hackney coachman, and it was a common rule to pay him for getting the things off the coach. The coach was full of my shipmates. There were nine of us. I gave him 8 s. for us all. I said I was thirsty, and wished I had some beer. He showed me where I could get some. I parted with my shipmates, I do not know where he took me. I am a stranger in town. He said he wanted a supper; I treated him, and gave him more beer and a glass of gin. I took a bag of silver out of my pocket, to pay for the gin. There was about 4 l. in it; the reckoning came to 18 d. He then took me to another place; we sat very close together. I put my hand to my pocket, and pulled out my notes, and counted them; there were two 5 l. and seven 1 l. bank notes. I rolled them up in a piece of canvas, and put them into my left-hand waistcoat pocket. I asked him for some tobacco. He said he had none. I bought 6 d. worth, and put it in my pocket, on the top of my money. A woman who sat on the opposite side, told me to look in my pocket, and see if I had lost anything. I then missed my money, and said I was ruined. I looked round and missed him and the women who were there. I went out with the woman to look for him, and found him at a house and asked how he could leave me in a strange place? I sent for a watchman. Two women were with him when he was with me, they were stooping down. I asked Avery for a glass of gin; he immediately ran into the street. I followed, calling out Stop thief! and came up to him. He was stopped by the watchman. I gave him in charge. The money was not found. I was neither drunk nor sober.
Q. How long had you been with him - A. I met him at ten o'clock, he left me at twelve. I am sure he is the man. He sat on my left side. The two women sat close to him; 23 s. was found on him. I do not know where we met the women. The prisoner Soccart was one of them, and sat next to him.
SCOCART. Q. Were any women with him when you met him - A. At the second public-house; and I found the same women with him when we took him. My tobacco was found on him.


                  MARIA 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I saw the prosecutor and Avery come into the Black Dog, and call for a pint of beer. I sat opposite to them. They called for another pint. Avery told me that the black man had plenty of money. The prosecutor then took his notes out, counted them, wrapped them in canvas, and put them in his inside jacket-pocket. Avery said, if I would get them from the man, I should share them with him. I said I did not understand him. He then crossed from the side where I was and sat by the prosecutor, and appeared whispering to him. He put his hand into his pocket, took the notes out, and put them into his own great-coat pocket. I told the prosecutor he was robbed, and he fell into a passion with me for saying so, and would not look into his pockets. He went out with Avery, the two women, and me to a cook-shop; we then went to Long-acre, and had something to drink. The prosecutor had his silver then. I told him he was robbed, and if he did not take care the man would be gone. Avery immediately called him down Hanway-street and spoke to him, we walked on. Avery and the two women left. I said to the prosecutor,
"If you feel in your pockets, you may depend upon it, you have no money." He put his hand into his pocket and missed his notes and silver, and said he was ruined. I said I would assist him. The watchman hearing him say he was robbed, took me into custody to the Coal-yard watch-house, as being concerned with them. I am sure I saw Avery put his hand into his pocket. Seocart was in his company; I did not see her do anything.


                  MARY 
                  ANN NUGENT
               



            . The prisoners, I and Mellon went in with the prosecutor and Freeman to get something to drink. We could find no public-house open till we came to the Ship in Covent-Garden. We had a glass of gin. The prosecutor asked Freeman to look for a watchman; while she was gone, he ran away, and the two girls ran another way. I saw them dividing the money at the Ship. It appeared to be notes and silver. The watchman took Avery to the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a constable. Avery was brought to me on the 30th of November. I found 23 s. on him. It was about one o'clock in the morning. He denied therobbery. I found some tobacco in his pocket, which the the prosecutor claimed.
AVERY'S Defence. I took them to the Ship.
SCOCART'S Defence. Nugent cannot say what money we were dividing.
AVERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
SCOCART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
