





574. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     CONWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, a watch, value 2l. and four shilling and sixpence in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hulbert
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HULBERT
               



            . On the 5th of April, I was coming up Drury-lane. I met 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Shane
               



             who is one of my witnesses, I asked her what brought her out so late; and I asked her if I should see her home; she lives with her father and mother. I asked her if she would have any thing to drink; she said, she did not care, and we went into a public-house in Drury-lane; we were drinking a pint of porter, when the prisoner 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Conway
               



             came in, and asked me if I was going to give her any thing to drink. I went home with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Shane
               



            ; and the prisoner followed me; and after I had seen 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Shane
               



             home, the prisoner asked me to go home with her, and I went home with her to Dyott-street


; and she asked me for something to drink; and I sent her out for a pot of porter and a quartern of gin; then she had something to eat, and I felt for my watch, went to bed with my clothes on; and fell fast asleep. When I awoke about five o'clock in the morning, I found my watch, my money, and the prisoner gone.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
