





1317. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     M'DANIEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, one carpenter's work bench, value 5s.; one pail, value 6d.; one wrench, value 3s.; one saw, value 3s.; eight oak spokes, value 2s.; two beech quarters, value 1s.; one chissel, value 9d.; one hammer, value 9d.; and one plane, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Adlington
                        



                     
                  ; and two planes, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Lucking
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an apprentice to John Adlington. On the 21st of July, I missed the things out of the yard; I had been working with them. The prisoner was employed on our premises.


                  DAVID 
                  LUCKING
               



            . I work for Mr. Adlington. I lost two planes out of the yard, I saw them again at the office; the prisoner was in custody-when I missed them, the prisoner said he supposed somebody had taken them when the gate was open.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a plaisterer. The prisoner came to me and said he was very much in debt, and had several executions against him, and wanted two of my rooms to put his property in; I fetched the things from his lodgings to my house-the tools were taken away; the day before they were taken, the prisoner came to me and said the officers were coming to take me up, for the things that were found at my house, and desired me to get them off my premises or I should get into trouble. I took them to Worship-street. I told Gleed where to find them.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I found the things at Stewart's house; I found part of them at the Camdenhead, Wlaworth; the prisoner came in while I was there. I took him into custody-he said they were his own.
CLARE LEWIS. I am a carpenter, and live at Tottenham. The prisoner came to me and told my master he wanted to sell a bench; he sold it to my master, whose name is William Smith. He said it was his own.)
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The tools are mine. I bought them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged  .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
