






804. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PARTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, one handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Henry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES HENRY. I live in Rathbone-place. On the 24th of April, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was in Featherstone-buildings


, the officer told me I was robbed. I missed my handkerchief, which was safe just before - He produced it to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of April I was in Holborn about nine o'clock-it rained fast. I saw the prisoner following the prosecutor very close, until he came to Featherstone-buildings; the prisoner, Miller, then went up to him, raised the handkerchief about an inch out of his pocket, and fell back-they talked together. Parton then went up to the prosecutor, took the handkerchief out, and turned towards Eagle-street - I ran up. Just before I got to him he threw the handkerchief away. I laid hold of him, brought him back, and found the handkerchief in the road, where he threw it down. Forbes, who was with me, took Miller. I found another handkerchief concealed in Miller's breeches.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I do not think they saw me. I believe Parton is the son of a respectable man.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Thompson, and saw the prisoner following the prosecutor. I saw Miller go up, and pull the handkerchief a little out, then Parton took it quite out. I called after the prosecutor, and secured Miller.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PARTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
