





483. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACNAMARA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, one pair of shoes, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gibson
                  







                  EDWARD 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 11th of January I was intoxicated; the watchman advised me to go to St. George's watch-house


 for safety. In the course of the evening the prisoner was brought in; I went to sleep, and in the morning I found I had a pair of old shoes on, which were not mine - they were worn out. The prisoner had been discharged, and in the afternoon he came back for a knife which he had left; I then claimed the shoes on his feet, as I knew them to be mine - he refused to give them to me, and ran away. On the 16th he was secured, and my shoes found on his feet.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. The prosecutor was at the watch-house very much intoxicated - the prisoner was in the same room with him - he was taken to the office. After he went the prosecutor missed his shoes; he found a very different pair on, and quite unlike to those he came in. The prisoner was afterwards brought in with the shoes on his feet, which the prosecutor claimed - they answered the description he gave me.


                  THOMAS 
                  REPPETT
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 12th of January, between two and three o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was brought to my box for a robbery - he was discharged by the justice. Next morning, the prosecutor told me to take him if I saw him, and on the 16th, about one o'clock in the morning, I found him, and took him to the watch-house - the shoes were taken off his feet, which Gibson claimed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner made a most indecent Defence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
