





56. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COCKLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, one watch, value 3 l. 3 s.; two seals, value 1 l., and one key, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Knight
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I was coachman to a gentleman at Brompton
, but am now out of place
. On the 1st of November, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was going up Snow-hill


, and was met by eight or ten men coming in great fury down the street. They came against me, shoved me off the pavement, and the prisoner ran out, snatched my watch from me - the case of the watch fell in the street. I caught the watch in my hand as he had hold of the seals. He kept pulling them, and tried to pull the watch from me, but finding I was going to lay hold of him; he ran into the middle of the street - I was close to him; he turned round to join the gang again. I still pursued him, called Stop thief! and he was secured by two witness - I never lost sight of him. We took him down the King's Arms gateway; the gang came round, and I received several blows on my head from them - we shut the gates and secured him. I was afraid to pick up the case as the gang was round - I have never recovered it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in St. John-street. I was coming down Snow-hill, and saw the gang coming from Smithfield - they were running down - several people were robbed. I collared one of them, but he got away. I followed him, and nearly opposite Fleet-market, at the corner of the King's Arms gate I saw the prosecutor - the prisoner was one of the gang. Knight was pursuing him, and calling Stop thief! - his finger was within two inches of him; he ran on the pavement, and I collared him. We were instantly surrounded by the gang, who tried to rescue him, but several people came and assisted us - the gang left. Knight had the watch, and charged the prisoner with stealing it. We took him to the Compter.


                  HENRY 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Clark, Boyd and Co. I was going up Cow-lane between five and six o'clock in the evening, and was met by a gang of about ten persons - I was robbed of my watch by three of them; they then proceeded towards Holborn, I followed them, and when they got to the bottom of Snow-hill I heard a cry of Stop thief! saw the prisoners running in the middle of the road, and assisted in securing him. He resisted, but when he found people round he surrendered. Knight charged him with the robbery, he denied it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a constable. I was in my house in Cow-lane, heard the alarm, ran after the mob, and saw Knight pursuing the prisoner - he turned, I secured him,and took him down the gateway - he denied it. Several of the gang struck us.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw them until they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
