





866. 
               
                  MARY 
                  O'BRIEN
               



             was indicted, and the indictment stated, that 


               she being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Geeves
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four in the night of the 29th of August
, did steal therein, one pillow-case, value 2 s. two gowns, value 10 s. four frocks, value 10 s. one pair of trowsers, value 2 s. seven pair of stockings, value 14 s. one petticoat, value 5 s. three caps, value 15 s. two frills, value 2 s. one habit-shirt, value 5 s. one shawl, value 5 s. one handkerchief, value 1 s. three shifts, value 9 s. two boy's shirts, value 4 s. three towels, value 3 s. and two pair of women's half boots, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Geeves
                     



                  ; and that she having committed the said felony in the manner aforesaid, afterwards (to wit) about the hour of four in the night of the same day, burglariously did break the said dwelling-house to get out thereof, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GEEVES
               



            . I live at Hendon


, in this County. The prisoner at the bar, was in my service. I don't know that I was up last the night previous to her leaving me; but the door was locked between eight and nine in the evening, and nobody went out after eight. We went to bed between nine and ten o'clock. The things stolen were in a tub of water in the washhouse. I heard the prisoner up about four o'clock in the morning, it was about twilight; when we got up, we found she had absconded, and the things were missing. I found her, and she was taken at Islington.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GEEVES
               



            . I can speak to the property; it was in a tub of water, in the washhouse, the night before it was taken; I saw the boots the night before they were taken.


                  JOHN 
                  BUMBY
               



            . I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and took her at about seven o'clock the same morning, at Islington; she had with her a bundle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , SENIOR. I saw a shawl on the prisoner, and said, I supposed this belongs to your mistress; and she said, it does. I asked her a similar question with respect to the bundle, and she made the same answer, saying, at the same time, that she believed the devil possessed her to take it.
(The property was here sworn to by the Prosecutor and Prosecutrix.)




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the amount of 39 s. only




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
