






20. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, one handkerchief, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Dundee
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  DUNDEE
               



            . I belong to the army
. On the 28th of November, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Holborn


, in company with a friend; a person ran up, and enquired if I had lost my handkerchief; I felt in my pocket, and found my handkerchief gone; the person begged me to wait a few minutes, and he would see for the person that picked my pocket; we waited about five minutes, he returned with the two prisoners in custody, holding in his hand a handkerchief, which bore a strong resemblance to the one I had in my pocket. We went to Marlborough-street; the handkerchief was produced there; I knew it to be my own by the marks; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday afternoon, the 28th of November, I was going up Holborn, I saw the two prisoners in company with another man; knowing their persons, I followed them about an hour, and there they followed every genteel person almost that was walking up and down Holborn; I followed them into Turnstile, and there they followed the prosecutor and another gentleman; the one not in custody, pulled the handkerchief out a little way, the two prisoners immediately closed the gentleman, and the prisoner Chapman took the handkerchief out, and put it in his pocket. I apprised the gentlemen of his loss, and told him to wait there until I returned with the prisoners; they went down Coal-yard, in Drury-lane, and I met them at the other end of the Coal-yard; when I got in the Coal-yard, the prisoner Chapman had got it in his hand wiping his nose with it; all three when they saw me coming down the Coal-yard, were making away; directly they saw me coming down the Coal-yard, they all set off running as hard as they could ran; I laid hold of Chapman, and Rice was catched in Drury-lane, and brought to me there; I am sure Rice is the other man; I am quite sure of the two prisoners. I searched Chapman, and found the handkerchief in his coat pocket; he put it in his coat pocket directly he saw me come down the Coal-yard. This is the handkerchief.
Q. to Mr. Dundee. Look at that handkerchief - A. It is my own handkerchief; the initials of my own name are on it.
Chapman's Defence. A young man came up to me, and asked me to purchase a handkerchief; I told him I had no money.
Rice's Defence. I was coming from the India House, I met Chapman and a young lad with him asking him to purchase a handkerchief; Johnson came and took me into custody.
CHAPMAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
RICE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
