





432. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  O'HAGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, seventy-two bottles, value 15s., and fourteen gallons of wine, value 15l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Abbotts
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Abbotts
                  



               
            .
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ABBOTTS
               



            . I am a wine merchant
, in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Abbotts
               



            ; we live in Skinner-street, Snowhill. I know Mr. Giles - He is the keeper of the Abercorn Arms, Stanmore. On the 24th of January, I received a letter, purporting to come from him (reads it)
"To Messrs Abbotts, and Co. wine-merchants, Skinner-street.
"Abercorn Arms, Stanmore, January 24th, 1818.
"Mr. Giles will thank Messrs Abbotts and Co. to send this day, four dozen of Sherry and Two of Maderia, to be left at the Paviour's Arms, Swallow-street. Mr. Fitch's cart will bring it."
I believed this note to come from Mr. Giles; in consequence of it, I ordered the seventy-two bottles of wine, which was about fourteen gallons, to be packed, and sent to the Paviour's Arms. The prisoner dealt with me for wine two years ago, and owes me 100l. now.
SAMUEL LLOYD. On the 24th of January, I packed seventy-two bottles of wine, by Mr. Abbotts' direction, and delivered them to the cart.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I directed it to Mr. Giles, Abercorn Arms, Stanmore.
JOHN TREVILLIAN. I am the carter. I received the two hampers from Lloyd, and delivered them at the Paviour's Arms, Swallow-street, between three and four o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  GILES
               



            . I keep the Abercorn Arms, in Stanmore; the note produced, was not written by me.
Cross-examined. I understood the prisoner kept the Abercorn Arms two years ago, and dealt with Messrs Abbotts. I have kept it six months.


                  THOMAS 
                  DIMOND
               



            . I keep the Paviour's Arms, Swallow-street. On the 24th of January, about ten o'clock, in the morning, the prisoner came to my house, and asked me to do him a favour, to permit two hampers to be pitched on my premises, untill the afternoon, for Mr. Fitch's cart to call for, as it returned from market, to be taken then to Stanmore. I told him I did not know Fitch; he said, he was an old established hay-salesman, in the market; and said, Fitch made use of my name, and knew me. I consented to it. Trevillian brought it about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon. About a quarter of an hour after, the prisoner came, and said, "Is it come." I said, "Yes; it is in the yard,"-where it laid. It was directed to Mr. Giles, Abercorn Arms, Stanmore. He came into the house, and had something to drink, and said he was waiting for Fitch's cart; it did not come. He said, he would go down the Hay-market, to look for it; he went out, and returned, saying, he did not know what he should do, as he was disappointed in his cart. He said he had seen Mr. Fitch, and that the cart was gone. I told him, he must move the wine, as the permit would expire; he said, "By all means; I must have it home to night, for we have a party on Monday." I asked him who kept the Abercorn Arms; he said, Giles, who was his brother. He got a hackney-coach, and took the wine away.
Cross-examined. I told him, it should not stay on my premises; the carter gave me no orders to keeps it; he said he must get it home.
HENRY CALIS. I am a coachman. On the 24th of January, I took two hampers of wine, from the Paviour's Arms, a man was in the coach; I do not know who he was. I drove it to a gin-shop, in Drury-lane.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I keep the Red Lion and Punch-bowl. in Drury-lane. On the 24th of January, I was ill in bed; I came down about half-past seven o'clock, and found two hampers of wine, in my house; they were taken away on the Monday morning. I neither saw them come nor go. I saw the prisoner on Monday.
Q. Did you see him at Elliott's. A. No, the prisoner, and I, drank some wine on Sunday; I do not know what it was; I do not know Maderia from Sherry; I do not know where it came from-the prisoner produced it.
Cross-examined. It was at my house, I do not deal in wine; I never examined the hampers; I have dealt with the prisoner for rum and wine.
JOHN ELLIOTT. I keep a wine vaults. On the 20th of January, the prisoner proposed to sell me some Sherry; I said, I did not want any; he said he would send me a bottle to taste. I bought four dozen of him, at 45s. per dozen. I produce a bottle of it, it has Messrs. Abbotts's seal on it.
THOMAS ELLIOTT. I was with Scott, and the prisoner; and took a glass or two of wine with them.
MR. ABBOTTS. The wine has my seal.
Prisoner's Defence. I never knew any thing about it; I was never at the Paviour's Arms.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
