






378. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROWLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 52 lbs. of lead, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin George 
                           Hodges
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it be fixed to a certain building.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



            . I am a constable of St. John's. On the 17th of May, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was in company with the landlord of a public-house, talking at the door, the prisoner, Miller, passed us with a bag at his back - I followed and asked him what he had got in the bag? he replied it was his own property. I said,
"It is lead, where did you get it from?" he made no answer. I collared him; he dropped the bag on my toes, and got away for about five minutes, I then secured him, took him into the public-house, and asked him how he came by it? he said a man gave him 1 s. to carry it to Dartmouth-street. I said,
"You have taken it from Mr. Hodges's house, for I saw it put on this very day." I left him in charge, went to Mr. Hodges's house, and found the lead gone. I had seen the two prisoners together between six and seven o'clock that night. A man was with Miller when I stopped him.


                  JOHN 
                  ROYLE
               



            . I am a plumber. I fixed this lead to Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  George Hodges
               



            's house that very day - I know it to be the same lead.
BENJAMIN TIMBRELL. I was constable of the night. Goodenough brought Miller into the watch-house, and said a man in a blue coat and yellow waistcoat had run away. I had seen Rowley with Miller before, and as I was taking Miller to the office, he stood at the door, and I took him.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROWLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
