





594. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GANNON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of May
, two time-pieces, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis Bryant 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .

 FRANCIS BRYANT ADAMS. I am a watch-maker
 in St. John-square. On the 29th of May, I packed up the two time-pieces, and fifteen watches. I delivered them to my boy, and desired him to deliver the watches to Mr. Farmer, of Oxford-street, and the two time-pieces to Mr. Camp, No. 2, in the Strand. This was about half after five in the afternoon.


                  JOHN 
                  JOWERS
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. Adams. About five o'clock Mr. Adams told me to take the watches to Mr. Farmer in Oxford-street, and the time-pieces to Mr. Camp, No. 2, in the Strand. He told me to go to Mr. Camp first. I made a mistake, and was going to Oxford-street first, and when I got into Holborn I asked my highest way into the Strand. The gentleman I asked, said, he was going into the Hay-market; he would shew me; and when he got me into Lincoln's-inn-square


, just under the archway, he stopped to read a book, and I lost him. The prisoner came running up to me. He said, where are you come from. I told him, from Mr. Adams's in St. John's-square. He said, that work is wanted. I told him, I was going to Mr. Camp in the Strand. He said, that is right; you must give them me directly. So I gave him them. He put one of them up his bosom, and the other in his coat pocket.
Q. You gave him both the time-pieces - A. Yes, I did. Then he said, where else are you going. I said, to Mr. Palmer's, Oxford-street. He said, he was going to the very same place, for half-a-crown due there, that the young man owed him. He said, if he got it he would give me half. When he got me to the corner of Argyle-street, in Oxford-street, not far off the place I was going to, he said, now give me the bag. He coaxed it away from me. He made an attempt of going into the house I was going into, and ran down Holly-street. I ran after him, and cried out, stop thief, and then this gentleman caught him. His name is Mr. Room. Directly he saw he was pursued he dropped the time-pieces, and the bag, and this young lad picked them up, and give them to a gentleman on horseback. The prisoner and the things were taken to Marybone watchhouse.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man - A. Yes. I never lost sight of him at all.
MR. ROOM. I heard the cry of stop thief. I saw the prisoner run. I stopped him. I saw him pull one time-piece out of his bosom, and drop it. I saw him put his right-hand into his coat-pocket, and dropped the other time-piece, or else I should not have known the prisoner, there were so many running.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am the watchhouse keeper of St. Mary-le-bone. I produce the time-pieces.
Prosecutor. They are the time-pieces I delivered to my boy.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
