






1400. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     FINNIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, one bowsprit, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Felix 
                     Clay
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Clay
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clay
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bond
                  



               
            .
THOMAS HAMILTON. I am a Thames Police officer. On the 17th of September I was on the river, near Blackfriars Bridge, about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoners pulling up the river in a skiff, with the tide, going through the bridge, on the Middlesex side. The bowsprit was fastened to their boat - I pulled towards them, and they let it go; they knew me. I asked them why they let it go? Godwin said he did not let it go, but the stuff that held it broke. I asked them were they got it? Finnis said, they got it from Mr. Bruet's, of Blackwall, and were going ashore to the dock (Pointing to Whitefriars Dock). I took them to the police-ship. While they were in the ship, a knife was taken from Godwin-the blade had tar on it, as if it had been cutting rope. When at the office, Godwin said, it was no use to tell a lie, that they picked it up in the London Dock, and were going to take it to the Water Bailiff; it was forty-four feet long. I examined the rope-ends at Mr. Bond's which it had been fastened to-it appeared to have been cut. It was a tar rope, and corresponded with that in the boat.
JOHN BOND. I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Bond
               



            , who is a mast-maker, and lives at Limehouse. On the evening of the 16th of September we had the bowsprit to alter; it was fastened to a raft in the water at the main float with a rope. I saw it safe at seven o'clock; the tide was then running down. If it had broken loose, it would have gone down the river-the tide turned about twelve o'clock. Our premises are a mile lower down the river than the London Docks. If it had broken loose, it could not have floated outside, the craft would prevent its getting clear off there; the spars were let loose when the rope was cut, and they remained safe; they were further outside than the bowsprit. I missed it at daylight the next morning-the rope was cut; I saw it at the office; it is our's, and is worth 6l. 10s.
GOODWIN'S Defence. We found it coming along the river, and fastened it to our boat, to take it to the Water Bailiff.
FINNIS'S Defence. We were taking it to the Bailiff's office.
GOODWIN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.
FINNIS. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
