





204. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of January
, twelve gross of shirt buttons, value 22 s. and eight ounces weight of thread, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Byrn
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Trist
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOSKINS
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  James 
                  Byrn
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Trist
               



            , they are haberdashers and warehousemen

, Dyer's-court, Aldermanbury


. The prisoner was a porter
, but not belonging to the house. He came to our house on the 24th of January, with a load of goods from Messrs. Evans and Company, it happened at that time that I was in the accompting-house; upon stepping out shortly afterwards seeing there were people in the warehouse, I returned into the accompting-house; I did not remain long there. I went into the warehouse again, and saw that he had dragged his load of goods to a counter adjoining, and emptied the bag on the floor, and was then in the act of placing them on the counter, his apparently bag was laying near; I laid my hand upon it, and asked him what he had got there; he said, it was something that he intended to take to some other house. I wished to see what it was; he was very unwilling, and 
               drew
             the bag towards him. I emptied the bag, and found the two parcels, one of thread and the other of shirt buttons, the property of my employers. The prisoner said, he had knocked down these things, and they had tumbled into his bag. I sent for a constable. The parcels could not have fallen into his bag; they were placed on a shelf two yards off.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCHENALL
               



            . I was present when the prisoner brought the goods in the warehouse; my fellow servant told him to put the goods down near to where we were both standing. Our warehouse is large. The prisoner appeared something intoxicated. He said, no, he would bring them to the back counter; I said, it is no material difference. He went to the back counter; I then could not see him where he stood; he continued taking the goods out. The witness came and said to me, I have found these goods in this man's bag. These are the goods that he produced at the time; they are my employers property.
Prisoner's Defence. These persons cannot swear that they saw me put any thing in the bag. I never knew there were any thing in the bag.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
