





888. 
               
                  
                     JACINTO 
                     BARRERO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of August
, fourteen silk handkerchiefs, value 2 l. 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hayward
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hayward
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I live at 92, in the Minories


. My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            ; we are linen-draper

s. On Saturday the 7th of August the prisoner came into our shop and asked to look at some black silk handkerchiefs. Bradley attended to him; he shewed him a bundle. Bradley, after he had shewed them the prisoner, brought to me to count them; he said he missed a piece. I counted them; there were nine pieces. Bradley said he counted them before he shewed them the prisoner; there were then ten pieces. Bradley left that bundle with me. He went to get another parcel to shew the prisoner, and after some time he missed a piece from that parcel; he then told me that the prisoner had got another piece from that parcel. There was no other customer at the counter where the prisoner was. The prisoner hesitated a long time, and said there was none to suit him. I then went up to the prisoner, and said, as you do not want to buy, I must take from you what you have stolen. I lifted up his waistcoat, and saw ten black silk handkerchiefs under one arm. I took them from him, and four coloured silk handkerchiefs dropped from under his other arm. They cost me more than fifty-four shillings.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I shewed the prisoner the black silk handkerchiefs; first I counted them; there were ten pieces in that bundle; he did not choose any of them. I perceived they were one piece short; I took them to Mr. Hayward to count; he made nine; there should have been ten. I shewed him some coloured ones. I laid six pieces before him; they contained different quantities; he said they were too dear. I missed one piece from them. I saw Mr. Hayward take one parcel from the prisoner, and I saw the other parcel drop from him. The prisoner bought nothing; he spoke English very well then.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody. These handkerchiefs I produce were delivered to me.
Mr. Hayward. These are the handkerchiefs I took from him. This parcel I saw drop from him. They are our property.
Prisoner's Defence. I hope the prosecutor will have mercy on me. I have a wife and three children in Spain.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing to the value 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Tried by a Jury of half English and half foreigners,
Before Mr. Common Serjeant.
