








206. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     PARKER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                     HUNT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                     LOADER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  JOHN
                  SIBBALD
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of December
, ten bushels of coals, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                     Pearson
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a City constable. On the 11th of December, I was in company with Johnson and Harrison, I was in Upper Thames-street


; I went down first to the wharf of Mr. Pearson


; I saw the prisoners Loader and Sibbald; they rowed up to the barges; then the other two prisoners rowed up to some barges, the same as the others had done. They got into the barges, they brought baskets out of their boats, and took them into the barges; they put coals into the baskets, and emptied them into their boats; they were ten minutes in this operation; the names of the barges where the coal were taken from were the Mary and Frances; after they had helped themselves to as much as they chused, they rowed away between two barges, and got out of sight; I followed them between the empty barges that laid in the river; Parker and Hunt went in the barges, and took the coals. We took them all four; we drew our cutlasses, and handcuffed them together, and took them to the Compter. We found ten bushels of coals in the boats. The wharf is Mr. Pearsons; the barges were on the London side.
ANTHONY HARRISON. I am a City constable. I saw exactly what the last witness has stated; we followed them, and took them all.
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. The account the other witness has given is correct.


                  JOHN
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am a coal-merchant, at Rutland-place wharf. The barges there are mine; the coals in the Mary and the Frances were my property; the coals are worth more than twenty shillings. The Mary and the Frances were my own, and the coals in them were my property.
PARKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
HUNT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
LOADER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SIBBALD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Confined 3 months
            , and 



               whipped in jail
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
