





771. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, a frock, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Maria 
                           Arnold
                        



                     
                  , from her person
            ; and another COUNT, the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Arnold
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am the mother of Maria Arnold. My husband's name is William Arnold. I live at No 4, Barton-buildings, Shadwell


.
Q. Where was your child on the 15th of July - A. Playing at the door, near ten o'clock in the morning, when I saw the child, and in about a quarter of an hour I could not see the child. I went and looked after her. I was very much alarmed and uneasy. The child was brought to me, from Shadwell office, by 
               
                  James 
                  Perry
               



            ; when the child was brought back, it was dressed in the way it had been.
Q. What was the frock worth that it had on - A. worth 2 s.


                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               



            . Q. Did you see this woman with this child. - A. Not till I saw her in White-horse-street, Stepney; I was sent for.


                  HENRY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a pipe-maker. I live in Monkwell-street, Cripplegate.
Q. About what time of day was it you saw that little child - A. About one o'clock I saw her in Stepney church-yard, on a tomb-stone; the child was without its frock. The woman was asleep, with the young child in her arms, and the eldest child was crying. When the woman got up, I saw something blue in her pocket, which turned out afterwards to be the child's frock. We let her go; I gave information of her. A gentleman came up as I was talking to the children; him and I went up to her and stopped her. She said, I had no right to take her, I was no officer. I asked the child what her name was, in the prisoner's presence, she said, 
               
                  Maria 
                  Arnold
               



            ; the prisoner was asleep then. I asked the prisoner what her name was; she said, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



            .
MRS. ARNOLD. My child's name is Maria Arnold, never was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



            .
Taylor. I saw the frock on the prisoner's arm.
Q. to Mrs. Arnold. How far is Stepney church-yard from your house - A. Better than a mile.


                  SARAH 
                  BELL
               



            . As the prisoner passed me I saw the frock in her pocket. I put the frock on the child; it fitted, and I saw the children taken home to Mrs. Arnold.
Q. to Mrs. Arnold. What became of the young child - A. They are brother and sister; they both belong to me.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
