





579. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing stealing, on the 1st of May
, twenty pounds weight of paper, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Blanshard
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BLANSHARD
               



            . I carry on the printing business
 for the Methodist Society, at No. 14, City-road


. The prisoner was a journeyman
. On the 1st of May, in consequence of suspicion, I went to the prisoner's lodging in company with the officer; we found a quantity of paper, some sheets of printed books, and some unprinted paper that I knew belonged to my office.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner with me to his lodgings. This paper was handed to my Mr. Blanshard, in the prisoner's room that night.
Q. to Mr. Blanshard. What does that paper consist of - A. In the first place, here is the history of Henry earl of Westmoreland, and here is a copy of the duodecimo hymn-book which we use; it is a gathered copy ready for the binder. Here is some sheets of a commentary of the bible; the rest consists of unprinted paper, and chiefly whole quires; altogether it is worth twenty shillings. Here are near twenty quires of unprinted paper; it has a particular smell from being bleached. The prisoner begged for mercy for his younger brother, whom he had been the occasion of bringing into that practice.
Prisoner's Defence. That paper that is there I will call a witness where I bought it; his name is Edge, in Barbican.
THOMAS EDGE. I am an auctioneer; I live in Barbican.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Stevens
               



             - A. I cannot say I do; I think I have seen him. I believe I have sold such paper as this. I am not judge enough to say I have. About four months ago I sold such paper as this in my auction-room. The person that bought it gave his name Money.
Q. Who did you sell it for - A. I cannot swear that; it was not for the prisoner.
Q. Will you swear that he bought it - A. I cannot swear that. The person that bought it gave his name Money. I sell by catalogue. I have a regular license, but not from the court of alderman.
Q. What number do you live in Barbican - A. No. 44.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
