






219. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September, 1815
, one 50l. bank note, the property of the Hon.


                           James 
                           Butler
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            , ESQ.
 On the 15th or 16th of September last, the prisoner was footman
 to me, and had been so seven or eight years; I lived in New Burlington-street


, at the time I lost this note; I am not certain whether it was in a drawer, or in my clothes; I missed it on the 15th or 16th, and had seen it on the day before. I had given notice at the Bank of England to stop the payment of it, and in consequence, I saw it on Thursday last. It was one of the six fifty-pound notes which I received on the day previous to my losing it. I charged my servants generally at the time, and they all denied it, and agreed I should examine their boxes, which I did, with the assistance of a police officer.
GEORGE ASCOTT. I belong to Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Carr
               



             Glynn and Co's Bank. I made a payment to the Hon Mr. Butler, personally of three hundred pounds, in six fifty-pound notes; the number of one of them was "938, and it was dated 21st of July, 1815".
ANDREW LUFNER, ESQ. I gave the Hon. Mr. Butler the draft, in payment of which, I understand he received the note in question, among others.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLWORK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Johnson, hosier, in Cheapside. I know the person of the prisoner at the bar; he came to my master's shop, between five and six o'clock on Wednesday evening last; he purchased articles in my master's line of business to the amount of sixteen pounds; he tendered in payment a fifty-pound Bank of England note, and gave me, as his direction, "
               
                  James 
                  Bruce
               



            , 58, Tottenham-court-road." The next morning, by the desire of my master, I took the same note to the Bank of England, where I was informed that the payment of it was stopped, as it was a lost note. The prisoner did not receive the change at the time he purchased the goods; he was to come the next day for it. On the following day, a letter was brought to the shop, by a witness who will be examined, named 
               
                  James 
                  Sullivan
               



            ; that letter I delivered to my master, and he told me to go to Mr. Butler, which I accordingly did, and gave him some information.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a hosier, in Cheapside. The prisoner came to make a purchase as my servant has related; he tendered a fifty-pound note in payment, and I heard him give his address as"
               
                  James 
                  Bruce
               



            , 58, Tottenham-court-road." The next day I sent Allwork to the Bank with that note. The prisoner was to have called the next day for the change; but he sent Sullivan with a letter to me, and then in consequence of information which I received from the Bank, I sent to Mr. Butler.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am footman to Captain 
               Burke
            . I had only known the prisoner at the bar four or five days; he asked me if I would take a letter to Mr. Johnson's for him; I told him I would, and I accordingly did so; the note was directed to Mr. Johnson, in Cheapside; the prisoner went with as far as the corner of St. Paul's-church-yard, where he waited. I delivered the note to Mr. Johnson, and Mr. Butler went back with me to see who the person was who had given me the note, and on perceivings it was the prisoner, he brought him back to Mr. Johnson's shop, and an officer was sent for. The prisoner told me what I was to get; he said he had been purchasing sixteen pounds worth of goods of Mr. Johnson, and the reason he did not like to go to the shop himself was because the shopman persuaded him to buy more goods than he wanted, and he did not like to trust himself in the shop again.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHRISTIE
               



            . I am an inspector of the Bank. I produce the note which was stopped, which was for payment of fifty-pounds; the number is "938, and the date the 21st of July, 1815."


                  George 
                  Ascott
               



            . That note corresponds, and I know it to be one of the notes I paid to the Hon. Mr. Butler.


                  GEORGE 
                  VERNON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Johnson's shop, on Thursday last.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the note; I never stole a shilling of Mr. Butler's in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
