







39. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM ADOLPHUS 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     ALLSOP
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 5s. the property of a person unknown
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a City constable. I saw the three prisoners at the bar, on the 9th of November; they were pointed out to me by Johnson; they were in Bridge-street, Blackfriars


. We saw them attempting gentlemen's pockets; they hurstled a gentleman, and I saw Collins take a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket; I was within half a yard of them; they were all three together. I then lost both them and the gentleman. The next time I saw the prisoners, was on the return of the procession; I then observed them at the corner of King street, Cheapside; they were attempting to pick pockets then. We watched them until the procession had nearly got in; they then went down Trump street, King street, into Lawrance lane, and took handkerchiefs out of their pockets, and put them round their necks; I saw Allsop in particular; I found three round his neck, and three in his pocket. I then saw Collins had one, and a pair of gloves, in his pocket. The other prisoner had nothing upon him. (Produces the handkerchiefs.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Andrews. I had known Thompson before; the others were strangers. My attention was drawn to them, by Johnson. I could not take them in Bridge street, although I was so near to them.
Re-examined by Mr. Bolland. As soon as I had sufficient assistance, and an opportunity, I took them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . My attention was draw to the prisoners at about half past one, or nearly two, after the procession had taken water; they were round the Lord Mayor's carriage; there was a great mob, and the three prisoners were very active in picking pockets; they were all three together. I observed them during nearly three quarters of an hour. I saw them put their hands into many pockets round the carriage. I was obliged to go after some others. I saw them again when the procession came from Westminster, between three and four; they were then altogether, and hustling. I left them, whilst I went to apprehend some others.


                  JOHN 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a constable, but was not on duty. I observed all three of the prisoners; I first saw them at the corner of King-street; they were then attempting gentlemen's pockets; I watched them for nearly an hour. They turned down Trump-street, into Lawrence lane, and there I saw the shortest, Allsop, putting something round his neck. We then followed them to the gate of Guildhall yard, and then we took Allsop at the corner of Cateaton street; he said, he had no handkerchiefs, and we found three round his neck, and three in his pocket. I was present when Thompson was apprehended, and one was round his neck. I am certain the three prisoners are the men.


                  William 
                  Barrett
               



            . I can't swear positively whichof these handkerchief it was that I saw Collins took, but certainly he took one, in Bridge street, and they were altogether then, and hustled the gentleman.
COLLINS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
THOMPSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
ALLSOP, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.






               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
