





912. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, twenty shillings in monies numbered, and two 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Savegar
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SAVEGAR
               



            . I am a publican
, and keep the Blue Posts, Southampton-buildings


. The first time I saw the prisoner was at seven o'clock in the morning of the 5th of March, when he had three quarterns of gin and milk, for which he paid, and ordered me to get a coach for him, saying, he was going to get some money of a gentleman in the Strand, who owed him for a horse; he ordered me to have a rump steak ready at half past twelve, and I had it ready against he came back. He came to my bar, and asked for change of a ten-pound note; I told him I had only two pounds in notes and twenty shillings in silver; he said three pounds would be enough for him, and he would leave the ten-pound note until he returned. I put the money down; he had some sort of a piece of paper in his hand, but I don't know that it was a ten-pound note. He snatched up my money and ran away. I expected him to have given me the ten-pound note. I did not see him again until he was taken into custody, and I believe that was in June.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEERING
               



             I was in this house at the time the prisoner came, at about half past twelve, in a coach. I saw him come to the bar with some paper in his hand, but what it was, I could not tell.
Prisoner. Here is a bill sent me by the prosecutor, charging me with three pounds as money lent, and this three pounds he lent me. I would wish to ask him if that bill is not his hand-writing?
Prosecutor. (looking at the note.) It is not my hand-writing. I made out a bill, but not charging him with this money as money lent, but merely for the officer to find him.




               GUILTY
            , aged 35,
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
