





834. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     STOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 50lbs. of lead, value 5s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John Chesment 
                           Severn
                        




                     
                  , Esq
., and fixed to a certain house, his property
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. On the 2d of April, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in Back-lane, with some lead in his apron - I asked him where he got it from? he said he got it from a house in Church-lane, and was going to take it home - I took him into custody. As I was taking him to the office he made his escape; I afterwards saw him at the office, and am sure he is the man. Back-lane is close to St. Ann-street. I fitted the lead to the gutter of the house, No. 21, St. Ann-street, and it fitted exactly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GALLAWAY
               



            . I was with Shields - He has spoken correctly. On the 13th of April I took the prisoner at the Black Eagle, in Nightingale-lane - I am certain he is the man. I asked him how he came by the lead? he said a man named Hammond cut it off the roof, and brought it to the door to him.


                  ROBERT 
                  MATT
               



            . I collect the rents for 
               
                  John 
                  Chesment Severn
               



            , Esq. The cieling of the house No. 21, St. Ann-street


, was cut through, and the partition cut to get out. I compared the lead with the gutter, it fitted exactly. We have had thirteen houses stripped of the lead. We have lost about one hundred weight off each house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the lead in Back-lane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
