





801. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of October
, a watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Appleby
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Butt
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  APPLEBY
               



            . I lodge at 
               
                  William 
                  Butt
               



            's, Mile-end road'


 he is a publican. The prisoner slept with me three nights. On Sunday night, the 30th of September, I went to bed an hour before the prisoner, I had my watch in my breeches pocket; I put my breeches under the pillow.
Q. Do you recollect his coming to bed - A. No, I knew he was in bed that morning, he got up in the morning, I was not aware of his going away. I got up in the morning about seven o'clock, I missed my watch out of my breeches pocket. The prisoner never returned to his lodging; I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday following, he was in custody then.
Q. When did you see any thing of your watch again - A. On the evening of the Monday that I lost it. I found it at Mr. Watt's, a pawnbroker in East Smith.


                  JOHN 
                  LOWE
               



            . On the first of October, about seven o'clock in the morning, my landlady gave me information of the robbery. On my going across East Smithfield, the prisoner accosted me to go to drink with him, I had seen him once before, which I refused; he pressed me, and then I went with him to the Bee-hive, Nightingale-lane, this was about a quarter past eight; he there produced a duplicate of a silver watch, for one pound ten shillings, pledged at Mr. Watt's; he told me that he had been and pledged it. He wanted me to stay away from my duty to eat beef steaks and onions with him, he would pay all expences, I told him I could not do that. I went to the London Docks, and he went with me; I prevailed upon him to leave me, he did. When I had done my duty, I went to my landlady, and told her what had transpired, and in consequence of my landlady's advice, I went into the Three Crowns; I told the prosecutor of this. The prisoner shewed me one pound six and four-pence, as part of the one pound ten. We saw the watch that night.
Prisoner. I do not know that ever I saw this man before in my life.
Lowe. I have no doubt of his person, I had seen him in the Three Crowns once before.


                  JOHN 
                  FARROW
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Watts
               



            , pawnbroker, 89, East Smithfield. My master took the watch in pledge. On Wednesday morning, the 3d of October, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner came and produced this duplicate, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Burton
               



            , a silver watch, one pound ten, dated 1st of October. He told me if I would give him thirty shillings for the duplicate he would have no more to do with it. In order to detain the prisoner, I said the watch was looking for, and sent for an officer; the officer came, and he was taken into custody. The watch has been in my custody ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMAN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner. On my taking him down to the office I met the prosecutor. I asked the prisoner if he knew him; he said no. The prosecutor knew the prisoner directly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along the street, I picked up the duplicate; I neither could read or write; I asked a person were this place was, he told me. I went to the place were this watch was in pledge, I asked them to buy the duplicate. I am innocent of taking the watch, of ever knowing that the prosecutor had one.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of Stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
