





110. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 3 d.; one seal, value 1 l., and one key, value 2 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Fogg
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I live on board the Thames Police vessel, which is moored off Queenhithe - I am an officer. On the 30th of November, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was at the top of Fleet-market


, going towards home; the prisoner came up, and asked me if I would give her any thing to drink? I refused. She took hold of my arm, and kept hold of it till I had crossed the market, then two more girls came up, and asked me to go with them - the prisoner quitted my arm and came in front, the other two came, one on each side. The prisoner pulled my watch out, and ran up a dark court; I followed but lost her. I do not know what became of the other two - I think I saw one of them come down the court, but am not certain - this was on the Tuesday. On Friday I met her again about the same spot, and am quite sure she is the same person. I asked her for the watch she had taken from me on Tuesday; she said she had never seen me nor the watch. I said if she did not give it to me I would take her to the Compter. She still denied it, and I took her into custody. I was sober.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUCKINGHAM
               



            . I am a glazier, and live in Princes-street, Barbican; I am the prosecutor's uncle. He had come with me from Hertford, and was sober when he left my house. About a quarter past ten o'clock at night he returned, and said his watch was stolen. On Friday night I was with him, and saw the prisoner at the corner of Fleet-market. He went after her; I came up - he was eight or ten yards from her when he first saw her. She denied it, and I assisted in taking her to the Compter.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor stood at the corner. I do remember seeing him on the evening of the robbery. He was in liquor - two women who stood there knew him well.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
