





855. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PULLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of July
, two stone bottles, value 3 s. and five gallons of brandy, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a painter and glazier. I live at No. 5, Angel-court, Windmill-street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Pullen - A. Yes, about a year and a half before, he lived with Mr. Morris, and I knew him while he lived with Mr. Morris; he was head cellarman
 to Mr. Morris. He left Mr. Morris's service about July, he then was taken up. Pullen and his wife were taken in custody first, and then I was taken in custody; they searched my house. I was not present at the search.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I searched Pullen's house on the 12th of July, and Cotton's house likewise. I took Pullen and Cotton in custody, at a public-house near St. Martin's Church. I told Pullen what I wanted him for, he endeavonred to make his escape. I searched him, and took him to the watch-house. I then searched Cotton. In Cotton's pocket I found a key, he said it was the key of his own cellar. I then went to Cotton's house, and took that key with me, and with that key, I opened his cellar door; his house is No. 5, Angel-court, Windmill-street; and in Cotton's cellar I found several pieces of stone bottles, and two or three pieces of bottles had
="ris=" the last letters of Morris upon them, and
="merchant.=" That is all the letters I could make out.
Q. Did you find any thing at Pullen's house in Portpool-lane - A. I found this tin can. At that time, it smelled very strong of liquor. It is made to hold two or three gallons, and is handy to carry under the coat.


                  JAMES 
                  GROVES
               



            . Q. You were in the service of Mr. Morris at the time that Pullen was - A. Yes, I know of Pullen selling liquor to Cotton for about nine months; brandy he sold to Cotton at 14 shillings per gallon; rum, 10 shillings, and port wine at 2 shillings a bottle. Pullen was cellarman; the warehouse of which he had the key, was in Northumberland street; he had the key of the vault and the stable adjoining to it.
Q. What used to be done by you and Pullen - A, Pullen took it out of the cellar, and took it in the stable; that was at the time that Cotton came, and Cotton used to fetch it away at 10 o'clock at night.
Q. In what used you to deliver it in - A. In stone bottles. Cotton used to fetch it in jars of his own. I was taken up and then I accused Pullen. Cotton sometimes paid me for the liquor, and sometimes Pullen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a taylor. I lodged with Cotton about twelve months ago. I have seen the prisoner at Cotton's; and I have seen jars come into the house, Mrs. Cotton brought them; and I have seen Mr. Morris's cart at the bottom of the court.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am in the employment of my brother 
               
                  John 
                  Morris
               



            . Pullen was his servant.
Q. When did he leave his service - A. On the 11th of July in the evening, he had cut his hand. Mr. Morris took compassion of him, he was to return with his lame hand. I assisted in the search of Cotton's premises, and Pullen's premises. We found two bottles in Cotton's cellar; this stone bottle contains brandy, two gallons and a half, the other bottle is at the office; it is larger. Grove was employed in the cellar as well as the stable. Pullen had access to the stable.

 Q. (to Cotton) At the time the officers searched your house, was that bottle in your possession and another - A. It was.
Q. From whom had you that brandy - A. From 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pullen
               



            . I received it Mr. Morris's stables in Northumberland-street, on the 12th of July. Pullen brought it out to me early in the morning, when he let his wife out.
Q. Had you ever any bottles besides them - A. Yes, my wife and Mrs. Pullen brought them. I very seldom went. I was drawed into this, by Pullen and my wife.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
