







887. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HILL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SWEETING
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, one bank note for the payment of ten-pounds, value 10 l. two bank notes for the payment of five-pound each, value 10 l. twenty bank notes for the payment of one-pound each, value 20 l. and one promissory note for the payment of one-pound, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bell
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               



            , whose house of business is in Clare-court, Drury-lane


. On the 19th of June, at night, I locked up forty pounds in my desk, in the accounting-house; there were one ten-pound note, two five-pound notes, and twenty one-pound notes. This is only the house of business. I was not last in the house. The prisonerSweeting was a fly-boy in the employment of my employer. The next morning, I found the desk was broken open, and the money was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  DELANCY
               



            . I am a printer to Mr. Bell, and locked up the house on the night of the 19th of June, and had the keys in my possession all that night; I was the first who entered it the next morning, at about twenty minutes after seven o'clock, and in going to my breakfast, I perceived the window of the counting house door was broken; I should rather say the glass was not broken, but taken quite out; I knew it was not broken the night before; I observed Mr. Holland's desk was not shut down. I went for the key, and on opening the door, perceived that the desk had been wrenched off; and perceived some indentions or marks of the instrument, with which it had been forced open. My suspicions immediately alighted, on Sweeting. In consequence of that suspicion I went with Clarke, the constable to the Cornish Arms, on Wednesday evening, about nine o'clock; and on finding him there, apprehended him. He was taken to the watchhouse, and the next morning he sent an officer to me, saying he wanted to speak to me; on my arrival he told me he knew some of the parties who had committed the robbery; and said he had received a one pound note, and some silver, for information which he had given to the parties who had committed the robbery. He said that bad company had been the ruin of him. He said one Hill, and a Charles, but he mentioned no surname, had led him to it; he said if I could make an intercession he would be glad; and I said, I would make any intercession that laid in my power. He said he was not present at the robbery himself, but was at the Adam and Eve all the evening. I saw a hammer tried to marks on the desk, which hammer exactly fitted the indentions.
JOHN BEAN I am a patrole of the parish of St. Clements Danes; and saw the three prisoners at the bar at a quarter before two, in the middle of the Saturday night, between the 19th and 20th of June; they were with two others, and two girls; I did not know Hill before; but I knew Sweeting, I followed them up Catherinestreet, from the Strand, up Brydges street, into Russel street, and so on, until I lost sight of them in Drury lane; I had my reason for looking after them. The next time I saw them was at about ten minutes before three; they were all the same persons again; I was standing at the end of Fountain court, which may be about twenty yards from them. I saw Taylor take something like notes out of his pocket, together with some silver, and I saw him sharing it; I saw him give a three shilling piece to one, and a three shilling piece to another. I then heard a boy, named 
               
                  Ned 
                  Butler
               



            , make use of this expression; here is 
               
                  Jack 
                  Bean
               



            , meaning myself. I then told one of the watchman, to go round Founting court, as they immediately separated when they discovered I was there; I had no chance of catching any of them then. I apprehended Taylor, on the first night of the illumination for the battle of Waterloo. I did not take Hill into custody until afterwards. I searched Hill's lodgings, on the same morning that he and Sweeting had an examination at Bow street, I found at his lodgings this slater's hammer; I don't know that Hill is a slater. I have seen that hammer tried to the marks in the desk, and from its fitting the marks in every part, even the teeth and all, I am enabled to say, that I believe it is the instrument made use of to break open the desk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am constable of St. Clements. In consequence of a description which we received from the last witness he was found in his lodgings, and there also the dress he was described to have worn, was found. We did not bring the hammer away at first; but afterwards we fitted it to the marks on the counting house door, and found it fitted the holes which were made in it. We afterwards tried it to the desk, and there it fitted in a similar manner. Here are some pieces of wood which were broken off the door, they have similar indentations, and the hammer also fits them. I don't know what business Hill is; he said, he was a coppersmith. At Bow-street, I was present when Sweeting told Delancy that he introduced the other two prisoners how to commit the robbery; but was not present with them when it was committed; he told Delancy after he had been crying.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHWIN
               



            . I am an officer, and assisted in taking Hill, on Tuesday, the 20th, between eleven and twelve at night, at his lodgings. I only took Hill; I saw the hammer, but it was not brought away at first. I afterwards saw it fitted to the desk; from the marks there, and on the door, I think I can positively swear that it was the instrument made use of; for on the claw there is a little bit sticks up, and the indentations correspond exactly with it as to that.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I was in company with the last witness at the apprehension of Hill; and on searching round the room, I saw this hammer; it was Hill who said it was a slater's hammer; I was also in company with Bean, when we took Taylor, in the Strand, on the first night of the illumination. Seeing us, he made for the main road but we followed, and took him.
Sweeting's Defence. On the night of the robbery, I was in bed asleep from nine at night, until nine in the morning; and when they got me to the watch-house, by promises, they made me say things entirely false.
Hill's Defence. I was in bed on the night Bean says he saw me in the street.
Taylor's Defence. I was never in the street on the night of the robbery, and when I was taken up, I knew not what for, and was sent to Tothill Fields.


                  LOUISA 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am nineteen years of age, and am acquainted with the prisoner Daniel Hill, whom I have known six months, during which time, I have cohabited with him. I remember his being taken into custody, on the 20th of June. On the night of the robbery, which I think was on a Monday night, the prisoner, Daniel Hill, slept with me; he was at home at dinner time on that day; he staid at home until tea time, between five and six; he drank tea with me at that time; at seven o'clock

he and I went out together, and I drank with him at the Wheatsheaf. He then parted with me, and I saw him walking up and down Drury-lane alone. He came home at half past eleven o'clock, and never left me until eight in the morning; he slept in the same room with me, and in the same bed all night.


                  John 
                  Bean
               



            . That is one of the girls, and this 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Wilmott
               



             was the other, who was standing with the three prisoners and the rest, when the prisoner Taylor was dividing something like notes and silver.
The prisoners, Taylor and Sweeting, called one witness, each, who gave them a good character.
HILL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
TAYLOR, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SWEETING, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
