





831. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pearson
                        



                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 16th of May
 (he and others being therein), and stealing therein, three mangling-cloths, value 2 s., and one waistcoat, value 1 s., his property; two gowns, value 10 s.; two frocks, value 5 s.; four petticoats, value 5 s.; one pair of stockings, value 2 s.; six napkins, value 6 s.; two bed-gowns, value 5 s.; three aprons, value 18 d., and one handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lovelock
                     



                  ; five pin-cloths, value 2 s.; two bed-gowns, value 2 s.; two skirts, value 1 s., and three aprons, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Summerfield
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I live in Little White Lion-street, St. Giles's


, and take in mangling
. On Sunday, the 16th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock, I went up stairs, and locked the mangling room up; it is down stairs - there is a side door, which I fastened with a wooden-peg. About one o'clock I went down, found the door unpegged, and all the things gone. I suppose somebody must have reached over an open window which is over the door, and pulled the peg out. Next night I found part of the things at the watch-house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am an officer of St. Giles's. On the 16th of May, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I met the prisoner in Queen-street, Seven Dials, with a bundle containing all these things; he was coming in a direction from White Lion-street. He said he got them from his wife at Plymouth, last Friday.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I have been fifteen years in the King's service, and lost a finger at Flushing. I was in distress, and wish to be sent out of the country.
GUILTY. Aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
