





749. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERGIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, half a ton of lead, value 15l. the property of 
                     
                        Randal 
                        Aborrow
                     




                  , affixed to a house of his
            .
RANDAL ABURROW. I have a house, No. 3, Staining-lane


. On the morning in question, I receiv
               ed
             an alarm from Mr. Viney's apprentice, and I went to the house; it had been unoccupied for some time. I put the key to the door, and found it was open. When I went to the top of the house, I found about half a ton weight of lead gone; afterwards in cousequence of information, I found some lead at the Cresent, in Jewen-street; I took that lead home to the house, in Staining-lane, and found it fitted the place exactly in the nail holes, and every thing else; the lead is here.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Viney, a working goldsmith, No. 5, Staining-lane. On the morning of the 6th of July, I went to bathe, in Peerless-pool, and returned about seven o'clock, to Staining-lane. While I was at my master's door, I saw the prisoner and another man come out of No.3, loaded with lead; I knew the house was unoccupied. I followed them for a great way, but at last I lost them.


                  STEPHEN 
                  ARNAULD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Reeves a pawnbroker, at the corner of Redcross-street; I was at home on the morning of the 1st of July; I observed two men taking some lead into Warner's foundery.


                  JOHN 
                  ROWE
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Warners, they are founders, in the Cresent, Jewen-street.In the morning of Monday the 6th of July, at about half past seven, the prisoner brought some lead, which was afterwards given to Mr. Aburrow; it was a hundred weight, two quarters and seventeen pounds, he wanted lead pipe in exchange. We usually buy lead of any one who brings it; but we don't buy any for money, unless from persons we very well know. I had known the prisoner a short time. He had brought old lead, and taken new for it. He said, he wanted thirty feet of three quarters pipe. The prisoner came again after we had seen Mr. Aburrow. I did not stop the prisoner when he came again, and it was after Mr. Aburrow claimed the lead as his.


                  JAMES 
                  LAING
               



            . I am in the service of Mrs. Warner. I was present when Mr. Aburrow claimed this lead; it was first measured by Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Warner
               



            . Two of our men were sent to Mr. Aburrow's to fetch it back with a truck.


                  JOHN 
                  HAND
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Warners. I saw the prisoner come to our warehouse on the 6th of July, about seven o'clock in the morning. That lead was afterwards given to Mr. Aburrow.


                  CHARLES 
                  DANYEN
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Warner. I went with this lead to Mr. Aburrow's, and staid to see whether it fitted, and it did; I told our clerks that it fitted, and yet it was sent for back.
Mr. Aburrow. Messrs. Warners were a little rough because I would not give it them up again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
