






806. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BURSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               robbery on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Tilley
                        




                     
                  , on the 21st of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 5l.; one watch-chain, value 2s.; three seals, value 20s.; and one watch key, value 6d.
            , his property.
GEORGE TILLEY. I am apprentice
 to Mr. Beech, who is a linen-draper in Broadway, Westminster. On the 21st of April, soon after nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking along Tothill-street, Westminster


, with a lady, whom I was going to see home, by my master's desire - I was quite sober-my seals hung out; there was a great many people passing by-the prisoner came up against me, with one arm, and forced me back, and took my watch out; I laid hold of him and held him till I got assistance, which came up very soon - He tried to get away; I gave him to Monday, the constable. He threw the watch behind him, and a person, named Murphy, picked it up, and took it into a shop opposite; this was before I gave him to the constable, but after I had collared him.
RICHARD MUNDAY. I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge. I received the watch from Mr. Brooks, where it had been left, in a shop in the same street.
EDMUND WINCH. On the 21st of April, I was in Tothill-street, and saw the prisoner put his hand before Tilley, take the watch from him, and throw it on one side. Tilley had collared him before he threw it away. The prisoner tried to get away from him. I saw 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Murphy
               



             pick the watch up-it went out of his hand as they were struggling; I saw him throw it away.


                  ELIZA 
                  MURPHY
               



            . On the 21st of April, I was coming across Tothill-street, I saw a man and a lad struggling together, as I thought, in play; I stopped in the middle of the street, fearing they would run against me; they came into the middle of the street, I stepped across and saw a watch laying under Mr. Brooks's window, I picked it up and gave it to Mr. Brooks - I did not see it thrown down. It lay where they were struggling.


                  JAMES 
                  PECKMAN
               



            . I am shopman to a grocer in Tothill-street. I saw Tilley struggling with the prisoner in the street, he called out, and had hold of the prisoner - I assisted in taking him into Mr. Beech's; Titley said he had robbed him of his watch-the prisoner said nothing that I heard.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Some person behind pushed me against him; he collared me, and said I had robbed him. He called for assistance, and I was secured.
TILLEY. I saw no person behind him.



               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 24.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
