





60. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, a watch, value 1 l. a seal, value 5 s. a shirt, value 2 s. and a handkerchief, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hodges
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer
. I lost my property on the 16th of November. I was an officer stationed on board the Captain Burton, bound for Jamaica


. When I came out of my hammock and dressed myself, I felt for my watch, it was gone. I examined my hammock, I could not find my watch; I afterwards missed my handkerchief and my shirt, my box was broken open. I went into the office and informed the officer, and asked if he had been out of the dock with a bundle. He said no. I immediately went to the south gate, and enquired of the officer of that gate, he said no; and on the north side I saw the officer with the prisoner, and the prisoner with a bundle under his arm. The officer took the bundle from him, and my watch.
Q, Did he work on board that ship - A. No, I never saw the prisoner before that morning.
EBENEZER HORTON. I am a constable at the West India Docks. I was stationed at the outhouse of the Export Dock; I received information that person had lost his watch, shirt, and handkerchief; immediately after I saw the prisoner with a bundle. He told me he had some things belonging to the mate of the Phoenix. I asked him for his pass, he could not produce any. I then looked in the bundle, and saw the articles which this person claimed as his own; the watch and seal were concealed in the prisoner's trowsers. The prosecutor and I examined the prisoner, and found the shirt, handkerchief, watch, and seal. I produce them.
Prosecutor. The shirt, handkerchief, watch and seal, are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the watch of the gentlementhat belonged to the clothes he gave me his hammoc to take away. I was to have two shillings for carrying the hammock; the officer stopped me and asked me what ship I came from. I said the Fanny, he took the watch from me and all the clothes The man that gave them me, I do not see in Court. his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Young
               



            .



               GUILTY
             aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
