





800. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BAKER, alias 
CATHERINE M'CAWLEY





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, ten yards of ribbon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Robson
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Robson
               



            ; I keep a haberdasher's shop. On the 9th of June the prisoner came to our shop between five and six o'clock; she asked for some narrow ribbon. I shewed her a drawer of narrow ribbon. She said none of that suited her. She asked to look at another drawer. I put in the first drawer of ribbon before I took out the other. She did not approve of any thing in the second drawer. She staid some time. I asked her if there was nothing that suited her. She said, no, she had come for another person. She was in the shop ten or fifteen minutes. I asked her if any thing had dropped. She said, no. I looked at her hand; under it I saw a piece of narrow ribbon that had been in the drawer. That ribbon is worth about two shillings. I insisted upon seeing what was in her right hand. She drew her hand off the counter, and threw the ribbon behind the counter. My husband was behind the counter; he picked it up. She then said she did not throw it down. I know her person, and always suspected her.
JURY. Was the ribbon on the counter - A. Yes, I saw it between her fingers.


                  JAMES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I was going by the door; I was called in. The prisoner was charged with stealing this new ribbon. I searched her. She had no money about her, nor no pockets on. This is the ribbon; it was delivered to me in the shop.
Prosecutrix. It is my ribbon.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 9th of June, about six o'clock in the evening, I went into this shop to buy a bit of narrow ribbon. After she had shewn me the second drawer, she said, is not there a piece fallen down. I said, yes. I had not meddled with the ribbons, nor had I my hands in the drawer. I had money in my bosom.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
