





783. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, one trunk, value 5s.; one shirt, value 7s.; six gowns, value 3l. 10s.; three petticoats, value 10s.; one pelisse, value 1l.; three shawls, value 1l.; six handkerchiefs, value 7s.; one coat, value 10s.; one locket, value 2l.; two ear-rings, value 7s.; one ring, value 10s., and two pockets, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Atkinson
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  At
               



            kinson. On the 12th of May, our trunk was in the stateroom on board the Sarah, lying at Bell-wharf tier


, the articles stated in the indictment were in it - I had seen them safe at ten o'clock at night, and missed them at four o'clock the next morning.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 13th of May, about three o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner, with a bundle, near the Platform, at Rotherhithe - I asked him where he was going to take it; he said they were clothes that he was going to take to a woman whose husband worked in the Docks. I asked him where he brought them from, he said from his lodgings at Deptford, andthat he had been stopped before, and when the watchman had examined his bundle he let him go. I searched him, and found the articles stated in the indictment - He had two shawls concealed under his shirt. The ship laid in Middlesex.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper; the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, with the bundle, about two o'clock - He said he was going to take it to Woolwich; I let him go-it is the same bundle.


                  RICHARD 
                  TURVIN
               



            . I stopped the prisoner about two o'clock in the morning, and the keeper discharged him. I picked a locket up in the morning in the road that he came along.


                  ROBERT 
                  HANMERE
               



            . I picked a parcel up about four o'clock in the morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
