





208. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, part of a gold watch chain, value 10 s. two seals set in gold, value 10 s. and a watch-key, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ripley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RIPLEY
               



            . I am a mathematical instrument maker
. On the 24th of February, about a quarter past eight in the evening, I was walking down the Minories with a friend; we were arm-in-arm together; the prisoner stepped on the pavement, came round to my right hand, and snatched my watch chain; I sung out immediately to my friend that he had got my watch-chain. The watch-chain broke, and on my turning round I fancy I trod on his heel, which made me stumble, and he too. My friend pursued him, and laid hold of him. I lost sight of the prisoner for the moment I stumbled. After he was taken he had not my watch-chain about him.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . We were walking down the Minories, Mr. Ripley had hold of my arm, he let go and stumbled; the jew ran off; I followed him and took him in custody; I never lost sight of him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner. I took a candle and lanthorn and searched every where carefully for the property; I could not find it. This is part of the chain.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going in a great hurry to go to my aunt to let her know my mother was brought to bed; a gentleman called after me, and took me in custody. I know nothing of it, no more than a new horn infant.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
