





701. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CROFTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, various articles of wearing apparel, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Herbretcher
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .
FRANCIS HERBRETCHER. I live in Thomas-street, Brick lane, Bethnal Green


. I am not the house keeper. I rent two appartments. The landlord does not live in the house. I know the prisoner at the bar, she lived servant
 with me six days; she came on the 2nd of May, and left on the 7th. Nothing was missed until she was gone. My wife is here, That is all I know.
MRS. HERBRETCHER. I am wife to the last witness. The prisoner lived with me, we expected her to stay longer with us; but she left. There was no quarrel. She went away on the Saturday to see her friends, and we expected her to return on the Monday, but she never came; and that raised our suspicion. In consequence we searched, and found missing, a silk gown, value four pounds, a cotton gown, value ten shillings, two pair of stockings, value four shillings, three neckcloths, value two shillings, a dimity pocket, value one shilling, and one cotton apron, value one shilling and sixpence. I saw part of these things, on the Sunday before the prisoner came. The next time I saw the prisoner was accidently, last Sunday in Brick-lane. When we went to her lodgings, we did not find her, when we met her, we charged her with stealing the property, she told us, it was deposited at two pawnbrokers; and gave us their names, and places of abode. She told us the duplicates were destroyed. We found the silk gown, the dimity pocket, and one or two other things.


                  Francis 
                  Herbretcher
               



            . She told us, that the pawnbrokers were Mr. Killingsford and Mr. Sowerby, inBrick-lane. We went there, and found the silk gown the cotton gown, and the dimity pocket.
(The articles produced.)
Mrs. Herbretcher. These are my property.


                  JOHN 
                  KILLINGSWORTH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. The gown is not now worth forty shillings. it is not worth four pounds.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
