





74. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW PRIOR 
                     PIGOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of November
, a watch, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter Prior 
                     Pigott
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER 
                  PRIOR PIGOTT
               



            . Q. Did you lose a watch - A. Yes, on Tuesday the 19th of November.
Q. Did you afterwards see your watch - A. The pawnbroker produced it.
Q. You gave no authority to anybody to pawn it, did you - A. No.


                  JESSE 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Flemming. No. 90, Newgate-street. On the 21st of November the prisoner offered this watch to pawn, he put it on the counter and desired to have fifteen shillings. In consequence of a bill I thought it had not been honestly come by; I opened the watch and perceived it had the name and number described in the bill; I questioned him as to where he got the watch; he told me that he bought it at a silversmiths in Middle-row, Holborn; I asked him if he had got the bill of what he gave for it; he told me he had not, his name was Mr. Peters, that he lived at Hampstead. I informed Mr. Flemming my suspicion, he came into the shop and spoke to him, an officer was sent for and he was secured. The watch was afterwards owned by the prosecutor.
Q. to prosecutor. Is that the watch that you missed - A. Yes, it is the same.
Prisoner's Defence. Gentlemen of the jury, I am in duty bound to state my case to you; my case is of that peculiar nature that I think myself justifiable in stating the facts to you. On the 21st of November, being a little necessiated, I went to Mr. Fleming to pawn the watch; on Thursday I was taken to Guildhall, where I was remanded till the 29th of November, and was then committed for trial. After I was committed to trial and my own father bound over to prosecute, I asked Mr. Teague, the keeper of the counter, whether I was not at liberty to see any one that I thought proper; he answered that it was even ordered that my wife should not see me; I asked him if I might write to any attorney; the question was answered by Mr. Teague, no, he had given orders that neither pen, ink, and paper should be allowed me, nor even my own wife to come to see me. I was brought to Newgate and close confined, not having the opportunity of sending to those friends who might have afforded me assistance in the present misfortune.
Gentlemen, You will excuse the impression it makes on my mind, and as men of feeling I hope you will consider my case. Gentlemen, provided I had the opportunity of seeing my wife I might have had counsel to plead in my behalf, that might have got me out of this snare, which may deprive me of living in my native country. Gentlemen, so far from stealing the watch I swear by heaven I never stole the watch. I bought the watch in question. If I had known the watch to have been stolen was it likely that I should have gone to the pawnbrokers to have offered it to pawn? When Mr. Flemming accused me of stealing the watch I never offered to run away, nor did even guilt or suspicion come in my face. But, to cut it short, provided I am found guilty though it cannot touch my life, it will send me out of the country; it will gratify the wishes of them that wish me out of the country. I actually did buy the watch, but you may naturally say, why do not you produce the man that you bought it of. When a man is denied of seeing his own wife how is he to get people to come forward. Gentlemen, look at the question exactly as it is. If I am found guilty I must be sent out of the country. If I had time I could bring the parties that I bought the watch of, but during the time I have been in Newgate I have been deprived of seeing any one, and have had no more than the allowance of bread and water. Gentlemen, look in my case and say, whether you think I stole the watch. There is no proof that I stole the watch; the only question is, whether I bought the watch knowing it to be stolen. I bought the watch, I did not know it was stolen. The way that I came to pawn the watch I had a watch in my pocket, I gave that watch to my wife. Gentlemen, if I had known the watch to have been stolen should not I have given my wife this, and not myself have gone to pledge it. I do not wish to speak to you in this way on purpose to bias your minds, but if you do not think me guilty there is no proof of my stealing the watch; the only proof is finding the watch in my possession. Gentlemen, I know no more of stealing the watch than a child unborn. If you think I did steal the watch you will find me guilty, but as men of feeling, if you feel this as I do, you will give me that verdict upon which you cantest your minds hereafter.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
