





742. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WIFFEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, two shirts, value 20 s. nine cravats, value 20 s. a pocket handkerchief,value 5 s. a pair of shoes, value 5 s. and two pair of stockings, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Humphreys
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I live at No. 5, Crescent-place, Blackfriars


. The prisoner lived with me as groom
, and took care of my wardrobe. I missed the articles in the indictment; on Thursday I found them. I did not miss them until I found them. I was present when these articles were found at the prisoner's lodgings; he lived with me between four and five months. I sent for a constable, and had him taken into custody in my house. The constable and I went to his lodgings at the Queen's Head, Water-lane; in a bed room up stairs I found six cravats, a pocket handkerchief, and a pair of shoes; my name is inside of the shoes; they had been worn very little. He lodged out of my house; he lodged at this public-house when first he came to me. I also found two shirts and two cravats at his washerwoman's; the two shirts are worth forty shillings. The washerwoman's name is Sims. My two waistcoats I found in the hay-loft, hid under the hay. He acknowledged taking the waistcoats, and said where he had put them. One of the waistcoats has my name on it in full length.
RICHARD MARLOW. I am a constable. By the direction of Mr. Humphreys, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, the Queen's Head, Water-lane, and to Mrs. Sims, the washerwoman; the husband is here. I brought two shirts from the washerwoman's. Mr. Humphreys found the two waistcoats, and gave them to me. I produce them and the two shirts.
Prosecutor. They are mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMS
               



            . I only know my wife washed for the prisoner. I have seen the prisoner come backwards and forwards for his linen.
Prisoner's Defence. I have no friend. I trust entirely to your lordship's mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
