





930. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BAKER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Myers
                        




                     
                  , a watch, value 2 l. and three 10 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a sailor
. On the 3rd of August, I was in the Almonry, Westminster, about nine o'clock at night; I met with the prisoner; I went to her lodgings; I was with her from nine o'clock until two in the morning; I missed her about two in the morning, and I missed my property at the same time.
Q. How many notes did you lose - A. I had eighty pounds in my pocket; there were three or four ten-pound notes; they were in my pocket-book.
Q. When had you seen these notes the last time before they were taken - A. I had seen them when I was at Somerset House, and drawed my money; I saw the money last in the prisoner's house. I belong to a man-of-war; it was my wages.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a ten-pound note, and a one-pound note; I found it in the prisoner's stocking; I took her in a court near Charles-street, Westminster.
Prosecutor. There is no mark on the notes that I can swear to.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . We apprehended the prisoner between twelve and one o'clock at noon. I produce a watch which Bly took out of the prisoner's pocket.
Prosecutor. That is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentlemen gave me the money to buy things, to go with him to get his prize money.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
