






578. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DRACAS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, one pocket handkerchief, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Pater
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. HENRY PATER. I am a merchant
, and live in Lombard-street. On the 25th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, as I was going up Holborn-hill


, some person called me, and I missed my handkerchief from my right-hand coat-pocket; I turned round, and he produced the handkerchief, which I knew to be mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Coppice-row. On the 25th of March, I was with Mr. Thompson, coming down Holborn-hill, and observed the two prisoners following a gentleman, and attempting his pocket. They kept close to him, till he got to the Swan Inn, Holborn-bridge; they stopped at the corner of the inn gate for ten minutes - They then came back again, and followed Mr. Pater; Wilson attempted Mr. Pater's pocket - They were both together - We followed them to the corner of Field-lane, and then Dracas took a handkerchief out of Mr. Pater's right-hand coat-pocket. We then collared them. Wilson said,"Dracas have you got it." On turning round, I saw the handkerchief in Dracas's right hand. We had followed them for a quarter of an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 25th of March, I was coming down Holborn-hill, and saw the two prisoners following a gentleman, who was going towards Cheapside. They attempted his pocket, and followed him to the Swan-inn gateway - They stood there a few minutes, and Mr. Pater came by; they immediately followed him. Wilson first attempted his pocket. Just before they got to Field-lane there was a crowd-Wilson left the pocket, Dracas slipped in, and Wilson closed in to hide him. I saw his arms move - I collared him, and told Mr. Pater he had lost his handkerchief. He said, "if it is mine, I have the fellow one in my pocket." He produced one, which exactly matched it.
MR. PATER. I had two handkerchiefs in my pocket - I missed one.
DRACAS'S Defence. I picked it up.
WILSON'S Defence. The officer said, if I would say I saw Dracas take it, he would let me go.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I said nothing of the kind.
DRACAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
