






860. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THORNBOROUGH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July
, one hundred and twenty halfpence, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Headeach
                  



               
            , widow
, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibson
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HEADEACH
               



            . I am the son of Esther Headeach, she is a grocer
; her partner
's name is Thomas Gibson. I live at the corner of Ryder's-court, near Russell-square. On the 26th of July, the prisoners came into the shop and asked for some fruit. I was obliged to go to the other end of the shop to get it, and when I returned I found they were laid hold of with a five-shilling paper of halfpence in their hands. Before they came in the paper of halfpence was laying before me.


                  JOHN 
                  GRANT
               



            . On the 26th of July, I was at work at a cabinet-maker's shop opposite Mrs. Headeach and Gibson's shop; I saw the two prisoners at their shop window. I heard a voice say, Jack. Roberts came to their private door; Thornborough went up to him; I saw them make immediately to the front of the window. I saw Thornborough give Roberts a five-shilling paper of halfpence. Roberts was in the act of concealing them while Thornboroughwas leaning over the counter. I ran over the way, and seized Roberts with my right hand, and Thornborough with my left. I then said to young Mr. Headeach, these men are robbing you. I saw him take the halfpence off the counter, and I saw them taken from him.
ROBERTS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
THORNBOROUGH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
