





435. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of May
, a shirt, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 3 s. four neck handkerchiefs, value 6 s. a pocket handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of breeches, value 12 s. and a waistcoat, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Driver
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of Edward Wallis
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DRIVER
               



            . On the 27th of May, between eleven and twelve at night, I went into my bed room to go to bed; I lodged at Edward Wallis's the Queen's Head, Piccadilly


; I went to my box, I had some difficulty in getting the key in the lock; at last I unlocked it and missed a pair of breeches; I went down and told my landlord; the landlord and I went up stairs and examined the box; I then missed, besides the breeches, a shirt, four neckcloths, a pocket handkerchief, a pair of stockings and a waistcoat. We got a constable, the prisoner was in the bed in the same room, the constable charged him, he denied it at first, and afterwards confessed that he had taken them out of my box.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the Queen's Head and awoke the prisoner, and told him that a box had been broken open; I searched his coat pockets, I found a waistcoat, four neck handkerchiefs, and a silk handkerchief, and under his pillow I found a pair of breeches and a shirt; I found some keys, two skeleton keys, the others are common keys; one of the skeleton keys fitted the lock of the box. The prisoner said that key, did not open the box, he pointed out the key that opened the box very easy; he said he meaned to put them all back except the shirt.
Prisoner's Defence. I come over from Ireland from sir 
               
                  Alan 
                  Johnson
               



            ; he sent me on a visit to the regiment; his servant brought these keys with him, they are the keys of captain Johnson's trunks; his servant packed his master's things up in an hurry, and forgot the keys, he wrote to me in London to bring the keys with me; I happened to go into this house, having these keys occasioned me to go to this box. I had some nice characters in my pocket, they took them all away from me in the jail. It is the first offence that ever I committed in my life.
GUILTY, aged 28.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 30 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
