






910. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TUFFNELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, thirteen live tame rabbits, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Froutt
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FROUTT
               



            . On the evening of the 15th of August, the stable was broken open, and my rabbits stolen.


                  MATTHEW 
                  COOPER
               



            . I know the prisoner at the bar; I knew him about half a year before he was taken up; I knew no more of him than seeing him sitting with fish fronting the court where I live. About half past eight in the evening of the 15th of August, I was at the top of our court, I heard William Tuffnell and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Read
               



             talking about taking of rabbits. I went with them and Read got in at the stable window, and handed the rabbits out to Tuffnell, and he took them home; they were put down Tuffnell's cellar, The officer caught hold of me the next day, and asked me about it. I had joined in this theft, and they promised me one of the rabbits. I told the officer where to find them, and he found them by my direction.
WILLIAM JEFFERSON. I heard of the loss of these rabbits. I found them by the direction of Cooper, at No.9, in this Court; I found eleven of them in the back cellar. I found Tuffnell in the passage of that house to which the cellar belonged; I told him I had come to search for the rabbits; he said he would shew us all he had; he took me down into the cellar along with the prosecutor. He shewed me several rabbits in the front cellar; but none of them belonged to Mr. Froutt; and I looked through into the back cellar, and he said it was dangerous to go in; and I saw the soil had broke through. I then fetched Cooper; he said he would shew me where the rabbits were, and I found the rabbits in the back cellar.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
