





707. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Dan
                        




                     
                  , on the 20th of July
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, a 2 l. bank note
            , his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAN
               



            . I am an out-pensioner of Chelsea
. On the 20th of July I came from Chelsea; I arrived at Shadwell between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. I had four two pound notes and a twenty shilling note; I had them in this hand. I was going to give them to a woman that had been my friend to keep them for me. I and the next witness were going along; the prisoner came along and catched hold of my hand.
Q. Look at the prisoner; is that the man - A. That is the man.
Q. What did he do when he first came up to you - A. He just made a snatch at my notes as he was passing; he took them out of my hand. I laid hold of him by the collar, and asked him what he was going to do with me; he up with his fist, and struck me over the neck; he set off running; he came and struck me a second time, and threw me clean into the highway. As he was running away I called to a woman that was with me to go and fetch an officer. He then bore straight into Mr. Lee's public-house. Mr. Lee keeps the Black Horse, in New Gravel-lane.
Q. Did you go into Mr. Lee's house - A. I went in, and remained there until the officer came.


                  ANN 
                  KIMBERLY
               



            . On the 20th of July, I went with Dan to Chelsea, to take his pension. I returned to Shadwell with him, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. What part of Shadwell were you in - A. In King David-lane, Shadwell. There were very few people in this place when the prisoner came up to Dan.

Q. 
            Now; look upon the prisoner - A. That is the gentleman; he came up to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Dan
               



            . Dan had the notes in his hand; he had just pulled them out of his pocket; he was going to count them, to leave them in a gentlewoman's hands, a lady down Fox-lane, that had been a good friend to him; he thought of leaving two or three pounds for himself in her hands. When he was counting his notes, the prisonercame up; he said, he had catched him at last; he snatched the money out of his hands. Dan said, do I owe you any thing; he used bad words, and said, yes. Dan scuffled with him to get some of the notes back again; then he up with his fist, and struck him about the jaw bone, I believe; I cannot say where exactly.
Q. When he struck him upon the jaw bone, had Dan hold of him then - A. Yes. Dan kept hold of him. He told Dan if he did not loose him, he would serve him so again; he immediately struck him again about his bosom; he fell upon one knee; he still kept his hold by the shirt of his coat.
Q. You say, he held fast of Roberts' coat - A. Yes. He walked away; he broke away from Dan. Dan walked after him; he told him if he followed him, he would serve him so again. They walked along the street until they came to New Gravel-lane, and when they turned down there, Dan told me to go for an officer. I went for an officer; his name is Willan. When they came to New Gravel-lane, Roberts walked on very fast, and Dan with him. I then went to Shadwell office for an officer. I got some boys to watch where they went to. When I returned, they told me where they went, and when I came back, I took the officer to Mr. Lee's house, in New Gravel-lane; I found the prisoner there when I went in with the officer. The prisoner said, he had no notes in his pocket. I had a child with me. I went out of the public-house. Afterwards when I was called in, I saw some notes. That is all I know.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLAN
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell office 
               
                  Ann 
                  Kimberley
               



             came and fetched me; I went with her to Mr. Lee's; I saw the prisoner there; he was surrounded by a great many people in the tap-room, waiting until an officer came. I searched him. I found nothing upon him.
Q. After you had searched him, did any body say any thing to you, that led you to a farther search - A. Yes; Mr. Lee, he is here. I went into the privy; I searched the privy. In a crevice I found a two-pound note.
COURT. Q. to Dan. How many of your notes did the prisoner snatch out of your hand - A. Four two-pound notes, and a one-pound note. I got two of the two-pound notes, and the one-pound note back; I catched them out of his hand.
Q. to Willan. You found only the two-pound note - A. Here are the other two-pound notes; I took them from the prosecutor. The magistrate ordered me to give him other money for them. The three two-pound notes are successive numbers. I have kept them ever since. The prisoner made very great resistance; it was with great difficulty that three of us could get him to the office; two other officers came to my assistance.
Q. to Dan. Were there any marks on the notes when you lost them - A. I am no scholar. I had them just as the gentleman gave them me at Chelsea. I did not look at them


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I keep the Black Horse public-house, Shadwell.
Q. Look at the prisoner - A. I know him very well; I had known him a good time before; he is a coal-whipper; he whips the coals out of the hold. On Wednesday, the 20th of July last, he came to my house, between two and three o'clock; the prosecutor immediately followed him; he said to the prisoner, you have robbed me; the prisoner answered, I have taken nothing from you but what you owed me. I said, if he owes you any thing, you have no right to rob him, to take it from him in that way. He struck the prosecutor in my house. I said to the prosecutor, fetch an officer; he shall not go off until an officer comes. During the time the prosecutor was gone for an officer, the prisoner went out into my back yard; when he went out, he had some paper in his hand, it looked very white. I went to the privy; I said, Roberts, you should not have robbed the man; he then got up, and I think I then saw one or two duplicates in his hand. When he came into the tap-room. I secured him in the tap-room I stood at the door, and would not let him go He staid in the room until the officer came.
Q. You told the officer he had better go and look in the yard - A. Yes; I went with the officer, and saw him find one two-pound note. That is all I know.
Q. to Dan. Had you any previous acquaintance with the prisoner before that day - A. I had no acquaintance with him. I had never spoken to him before. I had seen him working at the coals.
Prisoner's Defence. This man said, he did not know me; I am a pensioner; he is a pensioner. We had been drinking together at a public-house at the top of the street, the sign of the Red Lion. This man worked in the rope-ground, and I jobbed in the rope-ground. I lent him eighteen shillings; I asked him for it several times; he owned to it once or twice; he said, he would pay me. I threatened to summons him. On this day, as I was coming from my work, I met this man; I asked him if he would pay me this trifle. I said, you have had your pension; he said, no; I owe you nothing; I will pay you nothing. He pulled these notes from his waistcoat pocket. That woman was not by him then; she came afterwards, and said, I had robbed him. I said, you are telling a story. There were people then walking thick and fast. This woman came from Shadwell office with an officer. After I went into Mr. Lee's house and called for a pint of beer; they would not draw me any beer, because this man said I had robbed him. I walked out into the yard, and returned into the tap-room again. I never struck the man, nor any thing of the kind; it was broad day light, and not two stones throw from Shadwell office, and there were many people passing.
GUILTY, aged 53,




               Of simple larceny
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
