





794. 
               
                  
                     SARAH MARGARET 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Farnsworth
                        




                     
                  , one purse, value 6d.; four guineas, one half-guinea, one 7s. piece, six 5l. bank notes, and twenty-two 1l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  DAVID 
                  FARNSWORTH
               



            . I am a serjeant
 in the 1st regiment of the Royal Scots. On the 15th of May, about a quarter before one o'clock in the morning, when I got to my lodgings at the Eagle and Child, in St. Martins-le-Grand


, they were gone to bed - I had the money in my possession. I knocked at the door, and the prisoner came up to me, and said, as I was locked out, I had better go along with her. I told her she had better go home. She caught hold of me, and put her hand into my pocket, took out my purse, and ran away down a passage. I went after her, but lost her. The watchman came up - I went to the watch-house with him, and described her to them - They said they knew her well, and went to her lodgings, and found a padlock on the door. The next morning, I saw her talking in the street to another woman, and gave her in charge. Nothing was found on her. I am positive she is the woman. I never saw her before - I knew her by her voice and person. I lost 57l. 1s. 6d. in all-52l. in notes, and the rest in gold-my purse was in my left-hand pocket.


                  HERBERT 
                  CRYER
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prosecutor knock at the public-house door, but he could not get in. I went to him - He said he was robbed of his money, and offered me his sword, and said he would forgive me if I stabbed him. We took him to the watch-house, and he remained there till next morning. I went, with the patrol and constable, to look for the prisoner, but could not find her - She was not at home. He described her to us; I knew her before - She walked St. Martin's-le-Grand almost every night.


                  THOMAS 
                  RIVERS
               



            . I am a watchman. At a quarter before one o'clock in the morning, I was calling the hour, as he heard the prosecutor and Cryer talking in New Rents - I went up to them; the prosecutor said he was ruined, and had lost his property - We took him to the watch-house. I asked him to describe her to us - He did so. I thought it must be the prisoner, and we went in pursuit of her.


                  CHARLES 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am a patrol. I was passing by the public-house, and saw the prosecutor knocking at the door. I went to the watch-house, and in about four minutes after the watchmen brought him in. He described the woman - We went to her lodgings, and found the door padlocked, and a candle on the stairs.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRESTIGE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of May I met the prosecutor in Aldersgate-street. From the description he gave of the woman, I went in pursuit of the prisoner, knowing her before. I took him to Golden-lane - She was standing at the corner of George-yard, talking to two other women. We passed her about two yards-the prosecutor turned round, and immediately pointed herout, saying, she was the woman who had robbed him. I said nothing to him, on purpose that he should identify her himself. I secured her, and asked her if she knew him-she said she never saw him before. I asked her if she should know him if he was dressed in his uniform - She said she never saw him before. I found 3s. on her. The man who lived with her has absconded. The prosecutor described her as short, plain, having only one eye, red hair, and being very hoarse. He was quite sober. There was a gas-light opposite the door.
DAVID FARNSWORTH. I am sure she is the woman, She has only one eye and red hair.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
