






1341. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MANSFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, eleven 1l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Bartholomew 
                        Dillon
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BARTHOLOMEW DILLON. I am a mariner
. On the 30th of June, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner, Mansfield, in Shoreditch, she asked me to give her something to drink; I went to a house in Shoreditch


, the prisoner, Green, was in the house - I am certain I had the notes in my trowsers at the time; I sent for a pot of beer, and felt them safe in my pocket; Green drank a little, and then left the room, leaving me and Mansfield in the room by ourselves. I staid there about twenty minutes, when she went out; I waited in the room for her about twenty-five minutes, but she did not return - I then missed my notes; I am certain they were safe when Green left me. I alarmed the watchman, and Mansfield was brought to the watch-house about an hour after.

WILLIAM GIBBS. I am a watchman. I was at the corner of King's Head-court, just by the house, which is in Bowl-court, the prosecutor came to me, saying, he had been robbed - He was sober - I asked him if he should know the woman, he said he should; I had seen the two prisoners together at ten o'clock. I apprehended Mansfield at four o'clock in the morning in Angel-alley, and told her what she was charged with - She denied it; the prosecutor said she was the woman; she said there was somebody else concerned in it, and she was not the person, and that he had been with other women. I found nothing on her. I knew she lived in Green's house in Bowl-court, I went to the house, and knocked at the door, Green answered me, and said that she would not let me in; I asked her if Mansfield was there, she said, No; she said she could not speak to me, and at last she let me in. This was a little after one o'clock. I asked her about it, she said she had only two 1l. notes, which she had received of Mansfield, and she had left them at the public-house. I went to the public-house in Angel-alley, and got 1l. 4s. 6d.
JOHN KNOWLES. I am a watchman. I assisted in taking Green into custody; she told me, in Mansfield's presence, that she gave her two notes to take care of until the morning, and she had left them at a public house - They were two 1l. notes - I got them. Mansfield said nothing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I heard of the robbery, and saw the prisoners taken into custody. I was left in the watchhouse with the prosecutor and Mansfield, she ridiculed him about his loss; she told him it was not her, but another woman named Harriet; and that that woman had the greater part of the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a hawker, and live in Webb-square, Shoreditch; I know the prisoner, Mansfield. About half-past eleven o'clock that night I met her in Shoreditch, she gave me something to drink, and asked me to go with her to the Weaver's Arms, and gave me some drink there; the landlady persuaded her to leave her money there till the morning, as she was intoxicated; she left a 1l. note and seven shillings in silver.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUREY
               



            . I went with the watchman to Green's house, and told her of the robbery; she said she had received some notes from Mansfield, she was fearful all was not right, and she took them to Ashton's public-house. Ashton gave me two 1l. notes, and I found another note at the Weaver's Arms.
WILLIAM ASHTON. I am a publican. On the night of the robbery Green gave me two 1l. notes about nine o'clock-it was before ten.


                  SARAH 
                  SOUTHERN
               



            . I am the landlady of the Weaver's Arms; the prisoners came to my house at eleven o'clock, Mansfield was intoxicated, she pulled out a great deal of money - I pressed her to leave it with me. She gave me a 1l. note and some silver.


                  ELIZA 
                  TODD
               



            . I keep the Ship in Shoreditch; the prisoners came to me about ten o'clock, and had some rum; they gave me a 1l. note - They had other money in their possession. Mansfield asked me to take care of her money - She said she had 7l. I refused.
MANSFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GREEN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
