





430. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 21st of January
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Gadane
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Charles Nichols 
                           King
                        



                     
                  , and was entrusted to receive goods and monies for them, and being such servant, so entrusted, and employed, did receive and take into his possession, six reams of demy paper, value 14 l. and four reams of medium paper, value 13 l. and having received these reams of paper on his masters account, he afterwards did feloniously secrete, embezzle, and steal the same
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  GADANE
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Nichols King
               



            ; we are paper rulers, and account-book makers

. The prisoner was my apprentice
.
Q. Was he entrusted to receive goods and monies for you - A. Yes, at various times; it was a part of his duty; I entrusted him to receive packages; he frequently did it.
Q. With whom did you deal for paper - A. Alderman Magnay and Company, they are wholesale stationers, in Queen-street.
Q. On the 21st of January, in the present year, had you given him any order to receive paper of Messrs. Magnay and Pickering for you - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKERING
               



            . I live in the house of Messrs. Magnay and Company; I am no partner.
Q. On the 21st of January, did the prisoner come to you as if from the prosecutor - A. He did, about eleven o'clock in the morning, he ordered six reams of demy paper, and four reams of medium, ten reams altogether, on account of the prosecutor; the paper was delivered to the prosecutor's carman.
Q. What is the value of it altogether - A. About thirty-one pounds ten shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDON
               



            . I am carter to the prosecutor.
Q. Did you on the 21st of January, take from their house ten reams of paper by the direction of the prisoner - A. I did, to No. 7, Long-lane; I took ten reams altogether; the prisoner directed me to Searle's house; Searle said he had no silver, he would give the prisoner the money to pay me; I delivered them at Searle's, No, 7, Long-lane.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLAND
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house of Searle; I found nine reams of paper there; these are two of them; the tenth ream we found afterwards.
Q. To Gadane. Q. Are you sure you received no reams of paper on that day - A. I am quite positive of it.
Prisoner's Defence. The evidence alledged against me is that of the crime charged in the indictment; I never before had any thing imputed to me dishonest, or of a disgraceful nature, which my master can testify.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
