





387. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PILCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 23d of May, 1798, at the parish of St. Olave, Silver-street, did marry and take to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Sarah Elizabeth 
                           Langham
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; and that he afterwards on the 13th day of January, 1805
, did marry and take to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth Talmarsh 
                           Parke
                        



                     
                  , his former wife, 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Elizabeth
                     



                  , being then living
            .
JOSEPH LEE. Q. Do you know the person of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Elizabeth Langham
               



             - A. I was present when she was married to the prisoner.
MR. LANCHAM. They were married at St. Alban's, Wood-street, that parish is united with St. Olave, Silver-street. (The register read.)
"
               
                  John 
                  Pilcher
               



            , batchelor, of this parish, and Sarah Elizabeth Langham, of St. Mary, Lambeth, spinster, were married in this church by license, 23d of May, 1798." I know the man and the woman, I dined with them on the wedding day. The prisoner is the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARKE
               



            . I live in Saffron Walden, in Essex. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Talmarsh Parke
               



             is my daughter, she was married to the prisoner on the 13th of January, 1805. The prisoner is the man. I gave her away, and after my daughter had been married to him about five years I discovered he was a married man.
Q. to Mr. Lee. You know the first wife - A. I do.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at the sign of the Hope, Banner-street.


                  RICHARD 
                  GROVES
               



            . I live at Kennington; I knew the prisoner's first wife for some years. The prisoner lived in a public-house, which I afterwards kept; I knew the first wife, after she left him it was reported that she was dead.
Q. Do you believe that she was alive or no in January, 1805 - A. I believe she was.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
