





741. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALMER
                  , alias 
WELLS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of July
, eighty-nine stones, value 10 l. eleven ounces of silver, value 3 l. two ounces of gold dust, value 2 l. half an ounce of gold cuttings, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Rawlins
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Silas 
                        Bevan
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a jeweller
; my partner
's name is 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Rawlins
               



            ; at the time of the robbery we lived at 32, Castle-street, Leicester-fields


; in the house of Silas Bevan; the house is in the parish of St. Martin's in the fields


.
Q. Look at the prisoner, do you know his person - A. Yes. On Friday the 24th of June, he applied to me for work; we engaged the prisoner to come to work on Monday morning. He came on Monday, and continued working for us until the Saturday week following. On the Saturday week following, I received an order for some garnet ear-rings; in the evening I looked out a small box to pick out these small garnets; I immediately perceived a considerable number had been taken away; I informed my partner. We referred to the stock-book, and found a number gone; there was fifty-two gone. We had never missed any thing previous to the employment of the prisoner; suspicion then fell on the prisoner. I told the prisoner the work he had in hand was particularly wanted; he offered to come the next day, Sunday morning; which I wished him to do, because no other person should be there but himself. On the Sunday, about one o'clock, I took a small topaz from the box when he was there. (Previous to this, I had counted all the stones in the box, and weighed them also, there were seventy-two stones.) The prisoner continued to work himself, and me only, until he talked of going to dinner; as an excuse, I told him I must fetch him some water from the bottom of the house. On my coming up with the water I met him going out to dinner. I immediately went to the shop, and counted these stones; I missed eight. I then told my partner of it, and thinking he would come on the Monday morning, I took no further notice of it then. He did not come on Monday morning at his usual time; at twelve o'clock at noon I went to the Magistrate at Queen-square office. I found out the prisoner's lodgings, but there he went by the name of Wells; I never knew him by any other name than Palmer. I considered it might possibly be some other person. On my return home. my servant told me he had come to work. I immediately returned to Queen-square, and obtained a warrant; the officer came with me. When I came home, the prisoner was in the work-shop; I went into the work-shop; I told him it was needless his coming to work on the Sunday, and to neglect his work on Monday. I asked him the number where he lived. I said, if I had known where he lived, I would have gone to him; he said he lived at No. 2, Arabella-row, Pimlico. I told the officer his address, and called the prisoner into a back-room. The officer searched him, and found a number of duplicates on him, and some pieces of silver; one of the pieces of silver I had given him as materials to work with. I went with the officer to look at twenty-nine stones, pawned at Mr. Lane's in Holborn, with the duplicates; the pawnbroker's man has them now I, and the officer, Popal, searched his lodgings. We found a little box of stones; some of which I knew to be mine. I found eight topaz stones, and fifty-two garnets; I found the eight topaz stones I lost on the Sunday; the fifty-two garnets were missed on the 1st of July. The twenty-nine stones at Mr. Lane's were a variety; I could not speak to every one of them. I am positive I lost fifty-two garnets, and eight topaz stones, and the twenty-nine found at Mr. Lane's, I know some of them.


                  ELEANOR 
                  DEVEY
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; he lodged with me about two months in the two pair of stairs room, at No. 2, Arabella-row, Pimlico; he went by the name of Willis.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 11th of July, me and my brother officer were applied to by the prosecutor. I went to the prosecutor's house, Castle-street, Leicester-fields; I there took the prisoner into custody. On searching him, I found two pieces of silver and a duplicate of twenty-nine stones pledged at Mr. Lane's, Holborn, for five shillings. I and the prosecutor went to the pawnbroker's; the prosecutor saw the stones; he identified some of them.


                  GEORGE 
                  POPAL
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Watson to the lodgings of the prisoner, No. 2, Arabella-row, Pimlico. I went up into the two pair of stairs room; I found a box there; I opened the box; it contained fifty-two garnet stones, and eight topaz stones. The prosecutor identified seven of the garnets and the eight topaz stones. These are the stones; I have kept them ever since.


                  THOMAS 
                  RUTLAND
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Lane. I produce twenty-nine stones, pawned on the 30th of June, by a man; I do not recollect the prisoner.
Q. to Mr. Watson. Look at the twenty-nine stones pawned at Lane's - A. I can assert three out of the twenty-nine to be mine and my partner's. The garnet stones found in the prisoner's lodgings, I can swear to be our property, and the eight topaz stones are ours, and the silver the officer has produced is ours; the silver is worth two shillings, and the stones altogether eight pounds.
JURY. What is the value of the property you can really swear to - A. I should think from two to three pounds.
GUILTY, aged 30,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
