





239. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, twenty-two yards of printed cotton, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Houlbrook
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOULBROOK
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, in Holborn


. On Friday, the 9th of February, I lost a piece of printed cotton, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; but do not know the prisoner Wilson, nor the circumstances of the robbery.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . On the 9th of February, I was in St. John's-street, and saw the prisoner in company with two more; I am a patrole, and had watched them the night before. I followed them into Holborn; they walked backwards and forwards past Mr. Houlbrook's from three o'clock until almost five. I saw the prisoner go up within about a yard of the door, and he immediately came away with a piece of print in his apron; he did not go into the shop himself; but one of others went in, and gave the cotton to him; I set a little boy to watch; immediately one of them ran down Holborn, the other up Holborn, and the prisoner crossed into Brownlow-street; I pursued him, and when I had got within about a yard of him, he threw down the print, which I had seen in his apron. I then took him into custody, and took him back to Mr. Houlbrook's, and he identified the cotton to be his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUNN
               



            . I was set to watch the prisoner, and the others, by Thompson, in Holborn. I saw one of those that were in company with the prisoner go to the shop; I saw him take the print, and fling it into the prisoner's apron; he took it from an iron railing just on the inside of the door, on which it hung; they then all ran away, and I followed the prisoner across the road, and when I got to the corner of Browlow-street, Thompson had taken him.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was drawn in. and I hope for mercy.
GUILTY, aged 26,




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbot.
