






1277. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  HUNTER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, one watch, value 5l.; one chain, value 2l.; three seals, value 4l., and one watch key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Dupont
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DUPONT
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Westminster. On the 9th of September, in the evening, about nine o'clock, I was in the Hay-market


, I saw the prisoner, Hunter and another woman, sitting on the step of a door; Hunter started up and laid hold of my arm, saying, she had some knowledge of me, I told her to let go as she was mistaken; she kept hold of me, and went from the Hay-market Theatre as far as the new opening into Pall Mall


; finding me determined to break from her, she made a thrust and forced my watch from me, with great difficulty, she held her arm up - I saw my watch in her hand; I caught hold of the seals, and in the struggle the chain broke, leaving part of it, with the watch, in the prisoner's hand, she screamed out, another woman came up, she said to her, "you won't come to my assistance?" I saw that she was about two paces from us, she got behind me-the prisoner made a motion as if she had thrown the watch away, and on my stooping to look for it, she ran off, I followed her, calling out stop thief; I turned again to look for it, not finding it, I returned to the place, and had her taken into custody. I have never found it; she said she never saw me-it was worth seven guineas. Next morning I saw Jones at the office.
JAMES CLARKE. I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner, Hunter, as she ran through St. James's-market, hearing the cry of stop thief, Mr. Dupont came up and charged her with the robbery; she said she did not think he had a watch about him; the other prisoner came up, and tried to rescue her.
HUNTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
JONES-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
