





755. 
               
                  
                     JOANNA 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, a watch, value 6 l. and a seal, 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bradshaw
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BRADSHAW. I am an invalid at Chelsea College
. On the 29th of August last, as I was coming home from the second regiment of life guards stables, at ten o'clock; I came through Portman Square. Corporal 
               Duslap
             observed the prisoner following of us, I did not; we came into South Audley-street, to the sign of the Nag's Head; there we had one pot of porter, me and the corporal, and the prisoner was with us, he would have us go in and have a pot of porter; we went in and had a pot of porter, and no more. There were some people playing at drafts, the prisoner interfered with them; he said they were playing wrong; he shewed them which way to play. Then we came out, the corporal, me and the prisoner, all three together, we walked into Freeman-street; the corporal bid me good night, he returned to his own home. The prisoner would lay hold of my left arm. I have got a paralytic stroke in my right leg and my right arm. I can always walk better without assistance than I can with it. He walked near an hundred yards with me, when he come opposite of Mount-street


 watchhouse door, he gave me a violent blow on my left arm, and a violent kick on my left ankle; down I came upon my knees upon the first step, with that I was double, and then in my rising I had hold of the railing of the pallisades, he then drawed my watch from me, I felt him draw it and saw him, he turned back as soon as he tore my watch out of my pocket, away he went, and never spoke a single word.
Q. You are sure as to the man, are you not - A. I am confident sure of it. He pawned the watch the day afterwards, on the 30th of August.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUSLAP
               



            . I am a corporal of the second regiment of Life Guards. The prisoner is the man that accompanied 
               
                  John 
                  Bradshaw
               



             and me to the Nag's Head, and partook of a pot of porter.
Prisoner. That man gave me the watch to pawn.
COURT. Q. Did you give him the watch - A. No.
- HUDSON. I am a City officer. I apprehended the prisoner at Bartholomew fair, between three and four o'clock in the morning; I found a pocket book upon him with a duplicate of a watch that Bradshaw claimed.


                  JOHN 
                  RAYMENT
               



            . I am an apprentice to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Barker
               



            , 115, Houndsditch, pawnbroker. On the 30th of August I took that watch in pawn of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. That soldier gave me the watch in St. James's Park; I never saw the prosecutor at all. I have been serving King George nine years.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
