





64. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     BUSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baker
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a gentleman
, I live in Ireland. I lost the handkerchief, on the 19th of November about twelve o'clock, in Holborn


, I was walking along the street with two gentlemen, I heard a bustle behind me, some person calling out gentlemen, I turned round and saw a person, which happened to be 
               
                  Charles 
                  Humphreys
               



            , a Bow-street officer, he came up with the handkerchief in his hand, he had hold of the prisoner, he said, Sir, this man I saw take your handkerchief out of your pocket, I put my hand in my pocket, and found my handkerchief gone, I looked at the handkerchief, it was very much like my handkerchief, I could not swear to it. He asked me if I would prosecute, I said I certainly would, we went into a coach, to go to Bow-street, the prisoner began to cry, I desired him not to cry, to behave like a man, he desired me not to prosecute him. I said I would, it would probably save him from being hanged.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th a little past twelve, I was going up Holborn, looking out for such characters, I saw the prisoner in company with an old thief I knew, he put his hand in the gentleman's pocket, and slipped the handkerchief out, I saw him take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, I ran across, took the handkerchief out of his hand, and then I sung out to the gentleman.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Holborn at the time that Humphreys took the handkerchiefs out of my pocket, I had two in my pocket, Humphreys kept the best, and returned me the other, he said at Bow Street he knew me to be a reputed thief; he never saw me but once.
Humphreys. He had no other handkerchief about him, except on his neck.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
