





395. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD WATKIN 
                     WICKEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of April
, a coat, value 2 s. a waistcoat, value 1 s. and a pair of breeches, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Charles 
                     Halsey
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES HALSEY
               



            . I am a clerk in the King's Proctors office
; I live at 44, Evesham buildings


. I can only identify the property.


                  MARY 
                  GADEY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Jutt, he keeps the house, No. 44, Evesham buildings. On the 13th of April, I was down in the kitchen, my mistress called me to mind the door, it was on a jar; I came up stairs to go into the parlour, I saw the prisoner walking across the passage, he had the things under his left arm, and with his right hand tried to pull the street door after him; I called out, stop him; he turned to the right, and went down the street; I ran after him; he throwed down the clothes; I still followed him; he turned the corner, and went into a public house, I went in after him, he was trying to get into one of the boxes in the parlour; I caught hold of him and told him he had been robbing the house; he denied it; I told him he should go to the watchhouse to be searched; he begged me to let him go, he wanted to go and see his uncle in Oxford-road. A neighbour came in, he took him back to our shop; he denied it there, and said he had not been in the house; I never lost sight of him until he was put into the hands of the constable.


                  FRANCIS 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner, and these things were given me.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been in Somers Town looking after employ, I was coming along Phoenix-street, I met 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smart
               



            , she told me to go into the Fox public house, I told her I had no money, she said she would pay when she came back; I was taken out of the public house before 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smart
               



             came back; I wanted to go after her, she could not have gone an hundred yards when this young woman accused me; I sent to her as soon as possible, she said she would come in my behalf.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gudey
               



            . Was any body with him - A. Not a creature.


                  MARY 
                  SMART
               



            . I take in washing. I have known this young man a little while; last Friday I met him in Somers Town.
Q. Were you present when these goods were taken - A. No.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
