





661. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of June
, one hundred and twenty pieces of paper hangings value 50 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ballad
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Robinson
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BALLAD
               



            . I can only prove the property is mine.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a partner with Richard Ballad. On Thursday the 2nd of June, I happened to go into the neighbourhood to take a pint of beer. A young man come in, and said, there is a light in your accompting-house. We are paper manufacturers for paper-hangers

. Our accompting-house is in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields


. I went opposite of my window; I did not see any light, but on looking in between the joints of the shutters I saw a light, and heard some persons talking. I then went and knocked at the door. They asked, who's there from within. I said, here is one. The door was immediately opened to me. I then saw three persons; they were all strangers to me. I am sure the prisoner is one of them. One of them asked me what I wanted; I said, I want you. I rushed upon them, and seized the prisoner; the other two ran away. I called out, watch; the watchman came up to my assistance, and secured the prisoner.
Q. Did you perceive any of your paper hangings were gone - A. Yes, one hundred and twenty pieces were moved out of the racks, and twelve pieces tied up in bundles. They were tied up with one string in the middle. We always tie them up at both ends.
Q. What would be the value of the one hundred and twenty pieces - 
               A. 
            Forty or fifty pounds. They first forced the door by a crow. There were the marks of two different crows upon the door. The lock of the accompting-house was broken also. The paper had been taken from the accompting-house, and there were nine shillingsworth of copper taken out of the desk belonging to my partner, which he had left there. The prisoner was quite a stranger to me.


                  JAMES 
                  BALLAD
               



            . I am an apprentice to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ballad
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Robinson
               



            . I left the manufactory near a quarter past eight. I was the last person that left the manufactory the pieces of paper were all in the racks in the accompting-house, on the next morning they we all tied up.
Q. to Rolanson. You say you found the mark of crows upon the door; did they leave the crows behind them - A. Yes, two crows and a dark lauthorn were left on the stairs.
THOMAS HART. I was the officer of the night, I took charge of the prisoner at the watchhouse; these crows were delivered to me.
JOHN BONNY. I am a watchman. I took charge of the prisoner; he said he was coming by the premises; Mr. Robinson was having a row with some people; he hauled him in, and said he had been robbing the premises.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
