







347. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TUBB
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of April
, three pair of shoes, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live in Church Street, in the parish of St. John, Hackney


. I am a shoemaker
.
Q. Do you know any thing of the two prisoners. - A. I saw them at the office. On last Wednesday two persons came into my shop to try some shoes on.
Q. Who are those two persons. - A. I do not know them when I see them. They came in to try some shoes on, and the shoes I shewed them some were too big and some too little, and when they were gone, I missed three pair of shoes directly after they left me. I had seen the shoes a few minutes before they came in.
Q. Did you observe them do any thing that raised your suspicion while they were in the shop. - A. No, I did not.
Q. Was there any body in the shop besides yourself and them. - A. Nobody when they first came in, my mother came in with a light, they got up as soon as she came in and went out.
Q. How were the men dressed. - A. They had both white aprons on, apparently like carpenters, between nine and ten the same evening, the same shoes were brought to me by 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Gleed
               



             an officer. I knew them, they have a particular mark upon them.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . On Wednesday evening a quarter before eight o'clock, I being on duty in company with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Rice
               



            , near the Nag's Head in Hackney Road, the two prisoners passed us, I thought I knew Goodman, I turned round immediately, I said Goodman, what is it you, what have you got here. Immediately Tubb ran away, Rice followed him and brought him to me immediately, I then asked Goodman what he had got in this apron, he said three pair of shoes that a man met him by Cambridge Street Turnpike, a man he did not know, he was to give him a shilling to carry these shoes to London.
Q. What is the distance from Cambridge Street Turnpike, to where you saw them. - A. Above a quarter of a mile, I then put them in the watchhouse, and Rice and me went to Hackney to find an owner for the shoes, we went into a number, at last we went to Mr. Morgan's he said he had lost three pair of shoes, I shewed him the shoes he said they were his, these are the shoes.


                  EDWARD 
                  RICE
               



            . I was in company with Gleed, the account that he has given is correct.
Prosecutor. These are the three pair of shoes that I lost.
GOODMAN GUILTY, aged 17.
TUBB GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
