





390. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of March
, a gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  Mary Skell

               
            .


                  MARY 
                  SKELL
               



            . Q. Who is Christopher Smith - A. The child's father.
Q. Where do you live - A. In St. Martin's-court. I am a servant
 to Mrs. Cluet, a laundress. When I found the prisoner she had the gown on her back, which she had taken from this child.


                  ANN 
                  ELIZABETH SMITH
               



            . Q. How old are you - A. I am going of eight years old; my father is a breeches-maker
, he lives in Porter-street; my mother sent me into St. Martin's-court with some things to be mangled, and the woman met me in Castle-street; she took me into Portabella passage


, and told me to go over to the men that were painting, and ask them for two shillings worth of penny pieces; they told me to go and tell the woman, to come herself; and when I went back, the woman was gone with the clothes and all; it was my cousin's clothes; I was going with it to the mangler's; there was a gown, shift, and apron in the bundle. When she sent me to the painters, she told me, she would hold my bundle.
Q. Look at the woman, is that the woman - A. Yes, that is the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  DORE
               



            . On the 24th of March, about ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner at the end of Portabella-passage, there were two children together; she stooped down and pointed her hand over the way, and took the bundle from the child, and sent the child over the way; she rolled the gown up and walked down the passage; in about five minutes the children came back; the big child cried very much, and told me, the woman had taken her bundle. In about an hour afterwards the mother of this child came, and asked me, if I should know the woman again if I saw her; I said, yes. The child came and said, the woman is taken. I went and saw her, and knew her directly. This is the child that she took the bundle from.


                  HENRY 
                  CRESWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody. I took her to Marlborough-street, and took the gown off her back; this is the gown. I told her, if she would tell me where she left her gown, I would go and fetch it. I went to a chandler's shop, and there I found this wrapper, her gown was wrapped up in it.
Prisoner's Defence. That gown I have had two years. She said, it was her gown; I said, it was not. I never saw the child I came from Somersetshire. I have not been five weeks in London.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
