





180. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of December
, three pair of silk stockings, value 36 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James Murray
                           Lacey
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
JAMES MURRAY LACEY. I am an hosier
. I live in Clement's Inn, in the parish of St. Clement's, Danes


. On the 16th of December, between one and two o'clock, I left my shop to go to a house to have my dinner. I had been gone but a few minutes. when a neighbour came to tell me that Mr. White, a linen draper, had sent for me; that a suspicious person was in my shop, and wished me to come home. I came out, and went to Mr. White; he told me to go home and finish serving this woman; she had been in his shop, and he had no doubt she was a thief. I then went to my shop, the prisoner was sitting on a stool in my shop, and a number of silk stockings were opened, and on the counter. I went on serving myself; she had previously looked out six pair of silk stockings, she then looked out four pair of worsted stockings, and told me to send them to Mr. Brown's, 45, Lincoln's-in-fields. Mr. White was waiting to follow the prisoner, which he did. I looked at the papers of stockings, I missed two pair, and I thought three, but two pair I was certain of. After that I went to Mr. White's house, and by that time he had brought the prisoner back to his house. I went up stairs into a room where she had been taken to, and on the table in the room I saw three pair of black silk stockings, two pair of them I knew to be mine; the prisoner confessed of having taken them from my shop. She was delivered to the constable.
MR. WHITE. I am a linen draper, at the corner of New castle-street, in the Strand. On Friday the 16th of December, the prisoner came into my shop; my young man was serving her. I afterwards served her. She bought fifteeen yards of flannel, and a silk shawl, and desired me to send it to the Reverend Mr, Rigby's, 15, Lincoln's-in-fields; I suspected it was a false address; I followed her until she went into Mr. Lacey's shop. I sent a person to give information to Mr. Lacey of her, and afterwards followed, and took her to my own house. I told her I suspected she had stolen something from me; she said she had not. She delivered to me three pair of stockings she said stolen from Mr. Lacey; these are them.
Prosecutor. They are my stockings, I know them by a B 4 3 in the velt in the feet; these stockings have the other B 4 3 in the feet.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
