





529. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, a female ass, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Morewood
                  




               
            , esq.




                  JOHN 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  George 
                  Morewood
               



            , esq. he lives at Newington Green


. On the 3rd of March, he had a she ass in the field; I saw it safe in the field; I missed it on the 4th, in the middle of the day. I saw the ass again in the possession of Miller, the officer; I knew it again as soon as I saw it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 4th of March, I met the prisoner, he was driving a she ass; I asked him whose ass it was; he said, his own, he had bought it at the fair. Afterwards I had information the ass was stolen; I went in search of it, and found it locked up in a stable in George-street, Spitalfields; I found the stable belonged to a blind man, of the name of Miller. I was obliged to go to Winchester Assizes. One of my fellow officers took the prisoner the next day. I took the ass from Miller's possession; the same ass was delivered to Collier for his master at the office, by the order of the magistrate.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I bought the ass of the prisoner, on the 4th of March, it was a she ass; I gave fifteen shillings for it; it was in my stable in George-street, I put it there. I heard the prisoner's voice at the office, I am sure he is the same man that I bought the ass of, by his voice; he was charged with stealing the ass.
John Collier. I went to Miller's stable, and saw the ass there; I am sure it was my master's ass, it is worth two pounds.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Valiants.
