







1080. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 40 lbs. of pork, value 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Summerlin
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERLIN
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Fitzroy-market


 - the pork hung outside my shop. I went out about nine o'clock at night, returned about ten, and found it stolen. I found a hind-quarter at the watch-house. About one o'clock in the morning the watchman sent me into the fields, where I found some more of it under a brick-stack; the prisoner, Jones, was asleep with his head on it. I knew the pork by a particular bruise on it.


                  JOHN 
                  BALTUTT
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; I was left in care of the shop. A side of pork was stolen; I saw the prisoners at the office next day with it. I knew it by a mark down the back.


                  JOHN 
                  PIZZY
               



            . I am a watchman in New-road, near Market-street. About half-past ten o'clock, the prosecutor informed me that his pork was stolen. Between one and two o'clock in the morning, I saw Clark and Butler near the Orange Tree, public-house - they passed me; I followed, and secured them both. Butler had a quarter of pork concealed under his coat. I asked them what they had got? Butler said it was meat, which they had given them in Smithfield - Clark said he was by at the time. I took them to the watch-house, and informed the prosecutor. He claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NOTT
               



            . I am watchman of Somers'-town, opposite to the Orange Tree, public-house. Between threeand four o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor gave Jones into my custody in the brick-field, where he was concealed under some straw, asleep. The pork was near his head.


                  GEORGE 
                  SQUIBB
               



            . The prisoners were brought to the watch-house with the pork. Another piece was brought in which exactly fitted. The bruise matched.
BUTLER'S Defence. I found it in the fields.
JONES'S Defence. I was intoxicated, and laid down in the fields.
BUTLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25
         
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
