





894. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     FRAME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of July
, a yard of cambric, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Farley
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



             and Thomas Farley, No. 16, Ship-alley, Wellclose-square


. On the 21st of July, the prisoner came to their shop.
Q. Was 
               
                  John 
                  Black
               



             an assistant there - A. He was. The prisoner asked to look at some calico;she gave me a five shilling and sixpenny dollar, and asked me to give her change for it; at the same time she asked me to let her look at some French cambric, and when I shewed it her and opened it I told over the pieces. I observed her hand upon that single piece of cambric, that made me look more particular at her. I had suspicion of her when she came in. At last she fixed upon a cambric, and asked for three nails, and while I was cutting it I observed her take a piece of cambric from the counter, and throw it under her arm. I cut the piece of cambric for her, and moved the cambric from off the counter. I gave her the change, and while I was stooping for the paper I observed her put the cambric that she had stolen under her apron. After I had given her the change I charged her with stealing a piece of cambric.
Q. You observed her steal it - A. Yes. She denied having the cambric at first; I told her I must search her, upon which she put her hand into her apron and threw the cambric behind the counter. This is the piece of cambric; it is the property of my employers. The value of it is six shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am an assistant in this shop. When Parsons said he must search her I saw her throw the piece of cambric from out of her apron to the other side of the counter. I picked it up. There then was the shop mark upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.
GUILTY, aged 27,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
