





78. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MUNDAY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the the 14th of November
, one handkerchief, value 5s., the property of the Revered


                        Thomas 
                        Silver
                     




                  , from his person
            .
REV. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SILVER
               



            . On the 14th of November, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going along Coventry-street


, accompanied by Mr. Andrews; as we were walking along, Mr. Andrews told me there was a man picking my pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner and another man close to him. My friend told me that it was the other man who had picked my pocket. I followed him, and could have seized him, but the prisoner stood in a menacing attitude, and prevented me. I saw the prisoner by a shop, where there was a very strong gas-light, so that I cannot he mistaken in his person; they got off. I had occasion to go by the same place for two or three nights following, and was hustled every time; in consequence of which I gave information at Bow-street, and the prisoner was taken about a week afterwards. I am sure he is the man.
MR. GEORGE ANDREWS. On the 14th of November, I was walking along Coventry-street, with the last witness, I saw a man close behind us, and the prisoner and another man behind him; the first man was in the act of picking Mr. Silver's pocket; I am sure the prisoner saw the man take the handkerchief out; he appearcd to put his hands behind for the purpose of giving it to the other men; of whom the prisoner was one. Seeing that we observed them, they did not receive it, and it fell on the ground, at the prisoner's feet. The men ran off, and the prisoner passed us, and stood at the corner of a dark place, called George-yard; The man who took the handkerchief ran up the yard; I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRRIES
               



            . I am an officer; I took the prisoner into custody by the description which the prosecutor gave me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was behind the prosecutor on the 14th of November; I was going to the George public-house, a young man ran past me, and the gentlemen were following him; that is all I know of the matter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
