





260. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TILSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, in the King's highway, on the 3d of February
, upon 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hornsby
                        




                     
                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a 10 l. bank note, and a knife, value 2 s. his property
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORNSBY
               



            . I am a builder and surveyor
. I live in James-street, Lisson Grove.
Q. Where were you on the 3d of February, and were you robbed - A. Yes, in the New-road, just at the top of Quebec-street


, about half past eight. I was by myself. I had just turned out of Quebec-street, and got into the New-road. I was met by prisoner, and no one else that I saw. She asked me where I was going, I said, I was going home. She asked more questions, which it is needless to mention. She handled me very rudely. Presently I felt her hand, and she walked off.
Q. Did you answer the questions that she asked you - A. Yes. I felt her handling my left hand breeches pocket, and then she left me directly. My pocket was turned to the top, and my ten-pound note was gone. The ten pound note was loose in my pocket. As soon as I found I had lost my note I said, stop. She said, come along. She was not far from the cricket ground. I ran after her, and hit my foot against a raking post of a garden ground.
Q. When did you see her again - A. It might be eleven o'clock the same night, when I took her in custody.
Q. Was your note found upon her - A. No. She had changed it with a publican near to where she lived, at Mr. Good's, at the bottom of Homer-street. Mrs. Hornsby knew the note very well. I had the note of my wife a day or two before. I went with the watchman and took her in custody at her apartment that night.
MR. GOOD. I live at the corner of Homer-street, New-road. On the 3d of February, I gave the prisoner change of a ten-pound note. I put her name upon it, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Tilston
               



            . I delivered the note to Call, the constable. This is the note; it has my writing upon it. She ordered half a gallon of porter and half a pint of rum, and change of a ten-pound note.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HORNSBY
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Hornsby. I remember giving my husband the note in January last, a day or two before he lost it. I remember the note again by the endorsement of Harrison upon the face of it, and there is the mark of 1 1/2 upon it, I had observed that upon it before I gave it to my husband. I had it nearly a month by me. This is the note produced by Mr. Good and the constable. I went out the same evening that my husband came and said he was robbed by a woman. I went to two public-houses, and the last that I went to was Mr. Good's, I said, very likely it might be changed in the neighbourhood. Mr. Good shewed me the note. As soon as he shewed me the note I told him that was the note. I went to the prisoner's lodgings along with the watchman. I found my husband's knife on the mantle-piece. She said she had got more knives than that; it was not my husband's knife. She said, that she had got the money, if the watchman would go out she would give it me, but she did not. She said she had changed the note, and had taken five poundsworth of halfpence, and when she looked for them under the bed, she said they were gone.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you lose anything else out of your pocket - A. Yes, three three-shilling bank-tokens and a pen-knife from the other pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 3rd of February, near eleven o'clock, Mr. Hornsby told me he had been robbed. I went to Mr. Good's house. He sent his man with me to shew me where the prisoner lived, and in the prisoner's room I found the knife laying on the mantle-piece. No money was found at that time.
GEORGE CALL. I am a constable. I produce the ten-pound note; I received it of Mr. Good on the 4th of February, and Mr. Hornsby delivered up the knife at the watchhouse. The prisoner told me where the change was. I went to her apartment, and found part of the change in her lodging. I found four pounds ten shillings worth of halfpence. That is all I found.
Q. to Mr. Good. What did you give the prisoner in change - A. Three one-pound notes, and a two and five pounds worth of new halfpence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEVILL
               



            . I am the watchhouse keeper. I took some notes from one Connor, that lived with the prisoner; a two-pound note and two one-pound notes. He came to the watchhouse, and I took him in custody. He came to see Tilston.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up this gentleman in the New-road; he asked me if I would go and get anything to drink; he gave me fourpence. I brought out a quartern of gin, and at Baker-streethe fell down. I picked up his hat and put it on his head, and I picked up this note. If I had stolen it I should not have changed it in the neighbourhood. I did not rob Mr. Hornsby. He behaved very rude.
GUILTY, aged 36.




               Of stealing from the person, but not violently
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
