





113. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM JAMES 
                     HEWITT
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN EASTON





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of November
, a pair of child's leather shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Negus
                  




               
            .
JOHN NEGUS, SENIOR. I am a carpenter; I reside at Stepney.
Q. In the course of last summer your son went to Mr. Haydon's boarding school, Stepney, did the prisoner officiate as usher
 there - A. He was there about three months.
Q. Was it in the early part of November, that he said any thing to you about keeping a school - A. It is about ten weeks back; he said he was going to keep a school himself, and my son should be his scholar; he would take him cheaper. They were going to raise the schooling, and I could not afford to pay any more than what I had paid. I agreed that he should go to his school.
Q. Did the prisoner say he wished your son to go with him to a friend of his - A. Yes; this was about the latter end of November. I agreed to this. My son had a suit of clothes that he had on, and took a great coat, two pair of shoes, and shirts.
Q. Did you see them put up - A. No, I did not: I was out upon my business. After my son was gone with him, in consequence of hearing something respecting the prisoner, I became alarmed; I tried to find out the prisoner. I heard of the prisoner in Cloth-fair. My son was taken in the street, and was brought to a house in Cloth-fair to me, and a person took the prisoner and brought him to the house in Cloth-fair also. I took the prisoner by the collar, and asked where my son was; he said he was very well, and very well off, not to make myself unhappy about him. Somebody brought my child to me.
Q. Did you see the prisoner searched - A. I did. This is the duplicate of my child's shoes that was found on the prisoner. I never permitted or authorised him to pawn my child's shoes.


                  JOHN 
                  NEGUS
               



            , JUNIOR. Q. Did you know the prisoner at the time he was usher at Mr. Hayden's - A. Yes; that is how I first became acquainted with him. In November he came to my father's; he said he would take me in the country to a respectable friend of his for a week's holidays.
Q. This was at your father's house - A. Yes. I took a suit of clothes I had on, a great coat, and a pair of shoes, besides them I had on, and a shirt besides that I had on; I cannot tell how many stockings hardly.
Q. Did you set off for the country - A. No; instead of that we went into a house in Compton-street, Drury-lane. The prisoner took the bundle and left it there; he then went about with me to different houses.
Q. Where did you go from that place - A. He took me to a public-house in Mile-end-road, there he left me; he said he was going to my father and my master, Mr. Hayden; he was away half an hour or more. He then went to a house in Rosemary-lane, where we slept that night; then I walked about with him the best part of the next day, and slept at the same house the next night; I cannot tell where I went the next day. We slept the third night at the house in Rosemary-lane; the fourth day we went into a house in Rosemary-lane, and had some bread and cheese and porter. Then he said he would take me to a place where I never had slept before; he said it was a place where they set off to Gravesend. The next morning we set off to Croydon; we slept atCroydon on the Sunday night. The next day he came to town; we went to a public-house in Moorfields, and the next day he said he got a place to sleep for half-a-crown, at the Goat in Cloth-fair; we slept at the Goat in Cloth-fair on Tuesday night, Wednesday, and Thursday, and on Friday my father found me. I never authorised him to pawn my clothes, or knew that he had pawned them until afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GATTIN CHATLEY
               



            . I am a publican. I apprehended the prisoner at the Goat public-house. When I was bringing him out, the father said he had made away with the boy's clothes; I said to him, give me the duplicates; he said he would not. I replied, then I must compel you. He took from his pocket-book this duplicate of the boy's shoes.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLEVE
               



            . I live with Mr. Sadler, of Aldersgate-street, pawnbroker. I produce a pair of boy's shoes, pawned by the prisoner. The duplicate produced by Chatley, the constable, is the duplicate I made out and gave to the prisoner when he pawned the boy's shoes.
Negus, junior. I believe them to be my shoes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not able to open school so soon as I expected; I was distressed for money. I mentioned several times to the child that I would take him home again; he begged me not. I was with his father on Saturday evening; he said nothing to me about the child.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
