





115. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     BENJAMIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, one watch, value 2 l.; one seal, value 2 s., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a seaman
, and live at Walworth. On the 6th of November, I left the George tavern, Back-lane, between eight and nine o'clock, rather intoxicated - Walker and Wass were with me. As I came down Old Gravel-lane


 I felt somebody snatch my watch, I called out that I had lost it - I was then knocked down, and heard the alarm of Stop thief! given. I found my watch at the office next day.


                  ANN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Hilliard's-court, Old Gravel-lane - I am the prosecutor's sister, and was returning from the tavern with him - we met Wass. Two men met us just by the Dispensary, and offered to assist me home with him - I believe the prisoner was one of them, I declined it. We walked on for about three minutes, then a man pushed me backwards, by running against me, snatched the watch from the prosecutor, and ran off. I followed, crying Stop thief! I returned to the prosecutor, found him on the ground, and got him up - the prisoner was taken that night.


                  MARY 
                  WASS
               



            . I was with Walker, assisting the prosecutor home. Two men offered to assist her which Walker declined - we crossed over with him. Soon after Walker was pushed off the pavement, and the prosecutor's watch snatched from his pocket. He called out that it was gone. Stop thief! was called - I will not swear to the man. The prisoner was stopped that night, and the watch produced next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. I was going along Pennington-street, about thirty yards from the spot, and saw the prisoner running along by the side of the Dock wall, heard the cry, pursued and overtook him about thirty yards farther - I never lost sight of him. The patrol came up, and we took him back - Walker said he was the man. I thought he might have dropped the watch, I went to the spot where I took him. I found it there, just where I first laid hold of him, and he broke from me - nobody else was running.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JONAS 
                  WINSON
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard the cry, and saw the prisoner running very fast, and King close after him - nobody else was running. He broke from King, who took him again. I took him to the watch-house, and asked him why he ran? He said he had knocked a man down in the lane - he afterwards said he pushed him down. I said there was no occasion to run for that - he said there was great occasion, and he had lost his own money by running so hard. I took him back, and Walker said he was the man who knocked her brother down, and took his watch; he made no answer. I went with King, and found the watch where he first caught him.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor pushed against me, I shoved him again, and he fell - the women called out Stop thief! I stopped to be taken, and said a drunken manpushed me - he let me go, and as I went away he took me again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant
