





1327. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 12 bottles, value 3s.; 10 quarts of wine, value 54s., and one basket, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Burrows
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hodgson
               



            .
MR. RICHARD HODGSON. I am in partnership with Christopher Burrows, we live in Little Eastcheap. On the 8th of August the prisoner called at our house, about five o'clock in the afternoon, desired me to send half a dozon of wine so the Strand. I said we did not sell less than a dozen - He then ordered a dozen, and said he would send the money by the porter. I asked him his name? he said it did not signify. I gave Haines (my porter), the wine to take with him, and told him not to deliver it without the money-he returned without either the wine or the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am the prosecutor's porter. I went to carry the wine with the prisoner. When we got to Devereux-court, he said I must not go into the house, as he was a dealer in wine, and they would ask me where I brought it from. He took it from me with the basket, and went into the Sun public-house. He gave me 6d., told me to get a pint of beer, and wait five or ten minutes, and he would bring me the money, bottles, and basket - He never returned. I waited a long time, and then wentinto the house - He was gone. I found there was a passage through the house into Essex-street. I heard nothing of him till the 13th of August, when he was taken. I would not have delivered the wine without the money, if I had known he meant to take it away. I am certain he did not come out of the front door.
CHARLES BROWN. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 13th of August.
Prisoner's Defence. I told him to wait - I came to the place in about half an hour, but he was gone. I fell into bad company, and spent the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
