





837. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, one feather bed, value 2 l. one bolster, value 4 s. two pillows and cases, value 6 s. a set of tent furniture, value 2 l. two sheets, value 10 s. one counterpane, value 4 s. one looking-glass, value 2 l. four chairs, value 25 s. one tablecloth, value 12 s. one stove and fire irons, value 1 l. two mattresses, value 1 l. and one tea-kettle, value 3 s. the goods and chattels of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hinde
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  HIND
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Hind
               



            , who lives in Union-court, Ratcliffe Highway


. The prisoner took a furnished lodging in our house, at four shillings and sixpence per week. The stolen articles were let to her with the lodging. She paid me six weeks rent very regular. One morning I missed my broom, when she was out, and thinking she might have borrowed it, I went to look in her room for it, and then missed all these articles. When she came in, I charged her with the robbery, and she did not deny it. I saw the duplicates found upon her, when the officer searched her.


                  THOMAS 
                  PETO
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Mr. Kellingsworth's, in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. he first thing the prisoner pledged with me, was a looking-glass, on the 18th of July, for fifteen shillings; on the 20th, she pawned a bolster; on the 22nd, two pillows and cases; on the 26th, a round table. The things are not here, as I did not think it necessary to bring them, but Mrs. Hind claimed them as her's when she saw them.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Stephen's, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Whitechapel-road. On the 10th of July, the prisoner pawned with me, a tent bed furniture; on the 19th, she pawned two sheets; that is all I have taken from her. They are here.


                  Frances 
                  Hind
               



            . Those are my husband's property.


                  FRANCES 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the officer who was sent for to take the prisoner into custody. On searching her, I found the duplicates for these several articles.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
