





232. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, a coat, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ambredge
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AMBREDGE
               



            . I am a carter
 to Mr. Philpot,farmer at Wilsden-green. I came to market on Tuesday, the 9th of January, with my master's cart, and went into Paddington-street, and I went down a mews to seek after some dung; I left my coat on the shaft of the cart, when I went down the mews, and I was not gone a minute when I was told some body had stolen my coat. I saw the person running, and I ran after him; I lost sight of him; I saw him drop the coat while I was in sight; I did not see his face until he was stopped; but I knew he was the same man that was running, by his dress.
SAMPSON SPURETT. I am a green-grocer, in Paddington-street. I was standing on that day at the corner of Dorset-mews, and I saw the prisoner coming with his face towards the cart; I never saw him before. I saw him take the coat from the shafts of the cart, and run away; I pursued him into East-street, and saw him with the coat under his arm; I cried stop thief, and so did he; he ran out of Dorset-street into Blanchard mews, back into Earl-street; I still pursued him; it was about two o'clock in the day; one man attempted to stop him, but the prisoner struck at him with his fist; the man then turned round, and followed him, and he was stopped; and as we were taking him down to Marlborough-street; he told me he would mark me.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man running with a coat under his arm, and heard a cry of stop thief, and I ran to see what was the matter, a man who was in the street made a blow at me; I told him I was not the person who was running away; but he insisted I was, and took me into custody.
Sampson Spurett. There was a number of neighbours who saw this transaction. The prisoner never denied his guilt; as soon as he was stopped, he felt down on his knees, and begged for mercy.
The prisoner called the following witness.


                  MARGARET 
                  KEATING
               



            . I hawk fish in Marybone. The prisoner is quite a stranger to me I was passing by this place at the time, and saw a man in a black coat take a coat from the cart, and saw him ran away. I saw this young man at the bar taken: but he was not the man who took the coat.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
