





773. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, one copper, value 6s., belonging to 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Wall
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building, he having no title or claim to the said copper
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I live in Rose-alley, Whitecross-street. Mr. Wall's house is in Tenter-buildings, Whitecross-street


. On the 14th of April, a little before six o'clock in the morning, I was at the house, and left the copper safe-it was fixed with bricks and mortar - I went there again, at twelve o'clock, and found it gone.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  GARNER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 14th of April, about seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner, with another man, in Golden-lane - He had a green bag on his shoulders - I heard something rattle in it - I watched them into Playhouse-yard - They looked in at an old-iron shop, and said, "they are not up;" they then went back to an iron shop in Bradley-street - I went and got Prince - We found the prisoner standing at the door - We went into the shop, and he made off - We found the copper there cut up, and hid in a green bag - He had got about three yards from the door - We asked him where he got it from - He told us two or three different stories, and we secured him-the copper appeared quite fresh cut up - We fitted it on Mr. Wall's place exactly.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WALL
               



            . I am a green-grocer
, living in Fleet Market-the house is in Tenter-buildings, and its fixtures belong to me - I saw the copper-it fitted exactly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have had it three years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before 
               J. 
            Vaillant, Esq.
