






665. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, two sow pigs, value 4l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Winterburn
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  WINTERBURN
               



            . I live in Frederica-street, Hampstead-road. I had two sow pigs in Marchant's cowshed, I missed them on the 19th of March, at eight o'clock in the morning - I saw them safe at eight o'clock the night before. I found them at the Green-yard.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I live in the Hampstead-road


. The pigs were kept in my cow-shed; I saw them safe at ten o'clock at night-my yard is fenced all round, six feet high; at six o'clock next morning they were gone. On Sunday I saw them again-the prisoners were then in custody.


                  HENRY 
                  CARTHBUT
               



            . I am patrol of St. Giles's. About a quarter before three o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of February-it was not daylight - I met the prisoners going down Tottenham-court-road, with four pigs; I followed them to George-street, St. Giles's, into the Maidenhead, public-house yard. They put the pigs into the stable. I asked them if they were their own - They said they had brought them from Barnet for a man who was intoxicated, and that he told them to drive them into their stable. I thought they could not have come so far, as they appeared fresh. I secured the prisoners, and took the pigs to the Green-yard - I found they were the prosecutor's.


                  JAMES 
                  MULLINS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Dyot-street, about three o'clock in the morning, and followed the prisoners with the pigs into Maidenhead-yard; by the appearance of their shoes I should not think they had walked so far as Barnet. The pigs also appeared fresh.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoners driving the pigs down St. Giles's, and followed them to the Maidenhead.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoners in Duke-street, at three o'clock in the morning, with four pigs; they said they were driving them for a drunken man.
JAMES SAMPSON. I am a constable. I saw the prisoners in Duke-street, with four pigs. I told them I thought they had stolen them; they said they had not, but it was nothing to me, and that they had a letter with the owner's name to it, which would shew where they had them from. I saw no letter.


                  THOMAS 
                  DUGAN
               



            . I keep the Maidenhead. The prisoners brought two pigs there, and killed them on the Wednesday before. They took the stable of me to put pigs in.
DAVIS's Defence. A man named Forbes had them - He was drunk, and asked us to take them to our stable.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
