





1487. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURNS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6d.; one 50l., two 5l., ten 2l., and ninety 1l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I keep a public-house in Leather-lane




. On the night of the 4th of September I was sitting up for a lodger, my house was shut up. There was a knock at the door, I asked who was there? a voice answered,"A friend!" I opened it, and the prisoner and another woman came in. I refused serving them it being late. They pressed so hard for a glass of gin, saying they were cold, that I served them, and then the other woman went out. The prisoner took hold of my coat, and made an indecent proposition to me, which I refused, and took her by the arm to turn her out, at which time, I suppose, she must have robbed me - She went out immediately. Just before they came in I was looking over my notes, and marking them. I had 170l. in my pocket-book, in the notes stated in the indictment. I was perfectly sober. I had counted my notes before my family went to bed, and put them altogether into my pocket-book, which I put into my pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Did you not ask the prisoner to stop - A. I positively swear I did not. I never gave her the pocket-book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , JUN. I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I received information, and searched the prisoner's lodgings in Fitzroy-row, Tottenham-court-road, and found 31 1l. notes in a glove in a drawer, which was locked - I had it picked - She was not at home, her husband was. I found a letter there, in consequence of which, information was sent to Liverpool.
Cross-examined. I do not know that she lived there.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer of Liverpool. I received information and apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of October. I searched her, and found a 20l. and a 5l. bank note upon her. I asked her where she got them? she said she had earned them by washing. I was afterwards present when she saw White, she then said he gave them to her.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



             re-examined. I know one of the 1l. notes. I particularly marked it before I put it in my pocketbook. I also know the 5l. note-it has the name of Stevens on it, I took it of him. There is a black mark on the 20l. note, in the same place-it is mine; I have no doubt of its being mine-it has my wife's writing on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
