






1196. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BARBER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, four dozen bunches of artificial flowers, value 4l. 16s.; and one dozen long wreaths of artificial flowers, value 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kelly
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live in Dean-street, Holborn. In consequence of a recommendation from a woman of the name of Isaacs, I waited on the prisoner in July with some patterns of flowers, at Langbourn-chambers, Fenchurch-street, I found the prisoner there and a clerk writing at the desk; I shewed him some flowers, having a note of introduction from Isaacs; he asked what quantity I could get done for him by Saturday - He asked if I could get 20l. worth, I said I could not, but would get as many ready as I could-the agreement was for ready money. He said I must make haste with them as he should have an order for 90l. worth next week - I told him I was a poor man and could not go on without the money, he said I should receive the money immediately I brought home the goods. I went home and prepared them; I got the articles to make them which came to 6l.6s. On the Saturday at eleven o'clock he sent me a letter, stating, that he should feel obliged by my sending them in an hour or two, as the ship was to go down the river to-morrow morning, and the package must be at the water-side before half-past two, to be shipped by four o'clock; he called himself about an hour after, and asked me if I had received the letter, I said I had - He wanted to know if the goods were ready, I said I was packing them - He went away - I told him I would be at his chambers as soon as him - I got there first with them, about ten o'clock, my wife was with me-the flowers were in my boxes - I was to have the boxes returned-the prisoner came in about half an hour after-as he went into the office he made a motion, and said he would speak to me directly; he came out upon the landing-place to me - I had left the flowers and boxes in the office - He pulled out his pocket-book and took out a note, and said he was going to his banker's in Chancery-lane, to get, cash for the note, saying, it was for 100l. and told me to wait till four o'clock, when he would return and pay me. I waited in the neighbourhood till four, and went there but he had not returned; I staid till nine o'clock, he never returned. On the Monday at six o'clock in the morning I went again - I got admission at nine and found the clerk there, I staid till three o'clock in the afternoon, but could not see him, or either get the flowers or money; I got a constable who found the prisoner - I took him before a magistrate. The next day he was examined; after that my flowers were produced to me by the officer, they were very much injured.
Cross-examined by MR. REYNOLDS. He told me it was a 100l. bank of England note - I saw the figures 100 on it.
Q. Did you ever see the figures 100 on a bank note - A. I do not know - He was to pay me at four o'clock - I did not ask him for 2l. on account - I do not give credit - I could not.
MARY KELLY. I am the wife of Thomas Kelly. I went with him, the prisoner said he should be paid by half-past four o'clock; he had a 100l. check or note, he said he was going to send to his banker's in Chancery-lane, and would pay at half-past four.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. They were to be paid for on delivery.
THOMAS WHITEHORN. I keep the Angel, public-house, in Fenchurch-street. On the Saturday before the prisoner was apprehended he came to my house at seven o'clock in the evening, and stopped until near eleven-he had 6s.9d. to pay - He said he had no cash; I told him he ought to be ashamed of himself to come to a house and not be able to pay so small a reckoning; he said he would call next morning at ten o'clock and pay it, but he did not. He came to me in my yard, and asked me to lend him a little cash, saying, he had nothing but a 100l. note about him; I told him if it was 100l. note, although it was late I could get it changed; he then pulled out his pocket-book, and told me it was 100l. bill, payable in ten days - I told him I was astonished at him. He asked me to advance him a little cash.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of August I apprehended the prisoner at the Cock in Leadenhall-street. The next morning at the Mansion-House, a little boy, named Isaacs, came to ask for him; from information which I received I went to his chambers on the Sunday, and found four dozen and ten flowers, laying in a chest on a chair-the boxes were down stairs; we got the key from Isaacs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am porter at Langbourn Chambers. The day after the prisoner was taken up I saw his clerk bring the trunk to his chambers, about ten o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
