





323. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALLACE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of January
, four silver desert-spoons, value 2 l. and one silver tea-spoon, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Grant
                     



Esq.
 in his dwelling house
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  KENNEY
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Grant Esq
               



            . I had the charge of the plate, I had seen it in the pantry about an hour and a half before I lost it, on the 25th of January I had seen it about seven o'clock in the morning, I missed it about an hour and a half afterwards; I went into the garden, upon my return I saw the prisoner coming out of the pantry. at the bottom of the stairs. The prisoner is the man, I asked him what he wanted, he said he had a note; I asked him who he had the note for, he said Dr. Burnes. I do not know such a man in Welbeck street; I detained the prisoner, and called for my fellow servant, the prisoner would not be searched by me or my fellow servant.
Q. Was he searched at last - A. The prisoner called me into the scullery, told me he had got the things but he hoped I would not tell the constable. When my fellow servant came in I told the constable he had confessed he had taken the things; he kneeled down, and pulled out the things, they are here.
Kenny. They are my master's property, they are marked the same as the livery buttons.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not mean to take them, I am innocent of it; as I was going to work I had a bundle to deliver for my mother, I saw two gentlemen talking together in Charles street, by their discourse they seemed as if they came from Portsmouth; they gave me a card, folded up in a piece of writing paper, they asked me to take it to Welbeck street, to Dr. Burnes and to leave my bundle at the house in Charles street; I proceded with the note into a public house in Welbeck street, and asked if they knew the gentleman's house next the musician; I knocked at a gentlemans door, I asked where the servant was, he made me no answer run up the area steps; I knocked at another door, I asked whether that was Dr. Burn's; he said it was not he asked for the note; the constable has the note, I begged his pardon if that was the wrong house, I begged him to let me go, as my mother was in great distress, she was living upon my wages, I have sentmy mother for the bundle, the bundle contained two waistcoats, and two pocket handkerchiefs.
GUILTY aged 22.




               Of stealing the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
