





344. 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of March
, thirty pounds weight of candles, value 15 s. and fifteen pounds weight of pieces of candles, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Albion 
                     Cox
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Merle
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Patterson
                  



               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . Q. You are a marshalman of the City of London - A. I am.
Q. Did you search any house in Princes-court, Trinity-court, Aldersgate-street - A. I did; No. 4, Mr. Cox went with me; I learned from the prisoner that that was his residence.
Q. You had a search warrant - A. I had; I executed it on the 5th of March. Under the bed in the one pair of stairs room I found these two boxes, one box contains whole candles, and the other pieces.
Q. What quantity are there now of whole candles - A. There is thirty-one pounds and a half, and pieces fifteen pounds. I found some pieces in a pan under the bed also, and some in paper, some hanging up in the two pair of stairs room. I found a wonderful quantity of wearing apparel. I found seven India bonds for one hundred pounds each under the mattrass of the bed, and several other bills; Mr. Cox has them in his possession now.
Mr. 
               
                  Barry 
                  Are
               



             these the identical candles you found - A. Yes.
Q. Where is the pieces - A. They have been under lock and key, of which I have the key.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALBION COX
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Merle
               



             and Robert Patterson, they are my partners; we are refiners


 in Little Britain.
Q. The prisoner has been in your employ as porter
 - A. Yes, he came in July 1802.
Q. What were his wages - A. Latterly a guinea a week.
Q. Did you accompany the officer that made the search - A. I did, and found the quantity of candles, I saw the officer take them both away from under the bed. There were seven India bonds of one hundred pounds each, and several bills; altogether twelve or fourteen hundred pounds.
Q. Have you any means of knowing these candles - A. I understand they are made on purpose for us. The prisoner always had the care of the candles as far as I knew. We did not go to his apartment to look for candles. We looked for silver, and afterwards we found the candles.
EDWARD CASE. I am a tallow-chandler; I make candles for Cox, Merle, and Co; they are of a peculiar description; we call them Cox's candles, the weight they are nine to two pound; we never retail them; I have examined them before the Lord Mayor, they are the candles that were manufactured for Mr. Cox, Merle, and Co. The candles are worth a shilling and a halfpenny a pound.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
