





1337. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, two pigs, price 5 l.
            , the property of the Reverend


                     William 
                     Ballentine
                  




               
            , clerk
.


                  JOHN 
                  PHLAN
               



            . I am servant to the Reverend 
               
                  William 
                  Ballentine
               



            . On the 25th of July, I lost two pigs from Squire's-mount, Hampstead


. I saw them safe at three o'clock in the afternoon, and missed them at six o'clock next morning; they were kept in a court-yard, which is paled round five feet high - the sty is under where I sleep - the door was only latched. I saw them afterwards, and am sure they are the same.


                  EDWARD 
                  READ
               



            . On the 26th of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I and Limbrick were going to Hampstead, and saw the prisoner driving the pigs towards town. Limbrick told me to go and ask him where he got them. I stopped him, and another man who was with him ran off. The prisoner said he was taking them to the pound, as they were straying about the heath; he said he did not know who they belonged to. I told him he was going the wrong way to the pound; he made no answer, and I took him to the watch-house. Next day Phlan saw and claimed them.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I was with Read, and saw the prisoner on this side Hampstead, driving two pigs - a man was before him, throwing something down to entice them forward. He ran away.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw them astray, and was driving them to the pound.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder,
