





240. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, a table-cloth, value 3 s. a flat iron, value 6 d. a silver teaspoon, value 1 s. and a sheet, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Butler 
                     Saunders
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SAUNDERS. 
               



            Q. What is your husband's name. A. 
               
                  John 
                  Butler Saunders
               



            , I live at No. 7, Wilderness-Row, Clerkenwell


, the prisoner was my servant
, she has been my servant twice this last time only one week, she came to live with me on the 12th of this month, and on the 19th I discovered she had robbed me. The constable found the duplicates in her pocket, and by that means I found my things.


                  HENRY 
                  BLIGH
               



            . I am a constable; on the 19th of this month, I was sent for, to take the prisoner in custody, on searching her, I found a number of duplicates in her pocket, I shewed them to Mrs. Saunders, she thought they were hers.


                  JOHN 
                  BURGIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I took in a tablecloth; I believe the prisoner to be the woman that I gave the duplicate to.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILLETT
               



            . This is my duplicate. I took in pawn a tea-spoon, a sheet and flat iron of the prisoner.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
