





142. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CARNEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 200lbs. of lead, value 1l. 5s., belonging to our Lord 
                     
the King



                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of the Right Honourable 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Huskisson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William Dacres 
                     Adams
                  



               
            , Esq
., and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dawkins
               



            , Esq.
, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue


, and fixed to their dwelling-house.
THIRD COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sneezum
               



            , and fixed to his dwelling-house.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a certain building instead of a dwelling-house.
THOMAS SNEEZUM. I had a house, No. 17, Market-street


 - I gave up the possession of it to the Commissioners last Thursday.
WILLIAM HARTLAND. I am a private watchman. On the 23rd of November I was in St. James's-market, about half-past six in the morning; I saw the prisoner come out of No. 19, which was uninhabited, with some lead on his shoulder-it was not Sneezum's house; I could not follow him. In about five minutes he returned, and went into the same house; he staid there two or three minutes, and then came out with another load of lead on his shoulder; I seized him, and made him put it down in the passage of No. 19. As I took him to the watch-house he tried to get my stick from me, but could not; he pulled something out of his pocket, and cut me on the head, which bled a great deal; he got from me, I never lost sight of him; Hawskby took him again. I went to the house where the lead was put, and was present when it was compared with the roof of No. 17-it fitted it.
JAMES SMITHERS. I am a watchman of St. James's parish. I was coming off my beat, a little before seven o'clock on the morning of November 30th, saw the prisoner at the top of Eagle-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief; Hartland was pursuing him-Hawksby laid hold of him-they came to the ground together - He knocked Hawksby down; I went up, and took him; Hartland was about twelve yards from him-his temples bled very much; the blood ran down his cheeks.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HAWKSBY
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner running in the middle of the road, and Hartland pursuing him - I stopped him, we both came to the ground together; I held him till Suthe came up. I found a knife on him.
THOMAS SUTHE. I am a patrol. I heard the rattle sprung; the prisoner was taken - I found a knife on him; Hartland was very much cut; I found another piece of lead on the roof of No. 17, from which the lead was cut.
JOHN JENNINGS. I am clerk of the works. I compared the lead-it was taken from the roof of No. 17, and was worth 1l. 15s.; it weighed 202lbs.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not leave my home till half-past six o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
