





875. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 15th of April
, two baskets, value 3s.; 17 garden-pots, value 1s.; 25 pink roots, value 2s., and three rose-trees, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Pitt
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  PITT
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live at Hammersmith


. On the 15th of April, at night, I lost the pots and roots from my hot-house, and found fourteen pots of pinks and three pots of china roses on the prisoner's premises, at Cromwell's-buildings, Hammersmith-he keeps a garden. I suspected him, got a search-warrant, and found them there on the 18th. Three pinks were in his bed-room window-the roses were in the ground-floor window; the rest of the pinks were in a basket behind the door of his shed - I am certain they are mine. The pinks are of a particular kind, and so are the pots-the baskets were at the prisoner's house. The prisoner has a wooden leg-there were marks of a wooden leg in the garden.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I work at the prosecutor's. On the 15th, or early on the 16th of April, the pots were stolen - We found them at the prisoner's. I can swear to them - I put them in the pots in a particular manner; I put two sorts in each pot.


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a basketmaker. I can swear to the baskets, I made them for the prosecutor, and worked some particular yellow in them which the prosecutor grew himself. I remember saying at the time that if they should be stolen I could swear to them among a thousand others. (Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the basket-the other things I reared myself. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
