







369. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BISHOP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Byles
                        



                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 1st of February

, at Ickenham



 (no person being therein), and stealing therein one coat, value 18s.; one watch, value 2l.; one watch-chain, value 6d., and one key, value 1d
            , his property; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, at the same parish, one watch, value 2l.; one chain, value 6d., and one key, value 1d., part and parcel of the said goods, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS BYLES. I am a farmer
, and live at Ickenham



. On Sunday, the 1st of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I took my wife and family to dine with my father; I locked both the front and back doors, and fastened the windows. I returned a little after four in the afternoon, and found the dairy window open, and the iron bar of the casement broken in - A man could then get in-the dairy door was shut; they had broken a hole in the lath and plaster wall, and got through into the back of the house, gone up stairs, broken another hole through a lath and plaster wall, and crept into my childrens' room, and then into mine; I found the drawers open, and the things in great disorder; I missed my coat, my watch, seal, and key, which hung over the bed. I said nothing about it until I had done my work the next day, I then got Weedon to go with me, and look for the prisoner, Bishop, whom I suspected; we found him at Ryeslip, which is about a mile from my house, I collared him, and told him he must come with me, and took him to a public-house-Weeden went and took Gregory, and brought him to us. We took them both to lckenham. I told Bishop I thought he had better confess it, when he said my great coat was up in about the third tree in a hedge of one of my father's fields, which is about a mile from my house; he took us there, to the third tree, and found it himself - He said he gave my watch to Gregory. I asked him if my dog did not bark at him, when he was at my house - He said, yes.


                  JAMES 
                  WEEDEN
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at lckenham. I went with the prosecutor, and found Gregory at a public-house, as soon as I went in he walked out - I took him at the door. As soon as he got to the other public-house he put his hand into his pocket, took out the watch, and dropped it; I told him not to throw it away, and I picked it up - He got from me and ran off, but I overtook him; he said he would not go back with me, and that the property was given to him. I dragged him back to the public-house where Byles was, I pulled the watch out, and asked Byles if it was his, he said it was, Bishop said, "D-n" that watch, I thought it was gone" Gregory said Bishop gave it to him, and he knew Bishop stole it from Byles's house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I am constable of the parish of Ickenham. The prisoners and property were given into my charge. Bishop's hat was white, as if it was marked with mortar.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BISHOP'S Defence. They were given to me; I was at church at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



             re-examined. I saw both the prisoners at the church door, about ten minutes after eleven o'clock, that morning; in about a quarter of an hour after that I saw Gregory come into the church.
BISHOP - GUILTY. - 

               DEATH
            . Aged 18.
GREGORY-GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .




               Both recommended to Mercy
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
