





914. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MOULD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of September
, a gown, value 10 s. a tablecloth, value 2 s. and a shirt, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Edmonstone
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  EDMONSTONE
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Edmonstone
               



            , I live at the White Horse, Battle Bridge


. I hired the prisoner to nurse me. On the 21st of September the first thing I missed was a silk handkerchief; I told her, if she had done any thing with it to get it before my husband came home; she went out an hour and brought it back; we discharged her. After she was gone we missed a gown, a shirt, and a tablecloth, she had pawned them; I also missed blankets and stockings that are not put in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody, and the prosecutrix gave me these two duplicates.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. These duplicates correspond with the articles.
Q. to prosecutrix. Where did you get these duplicates - A. The prisoner came in the afternoon after she left me, and put down the two duplicates, and said you will not do any thing to me. I said, that is as my husband shall think proper.
Anderson. I produce a gown, a tablecloth, and a shirt, I took them in of the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I brought the duplicates to the prosecutrix, and the prosecutrix told my aunt if she would undertake to see the money paid he would not hurt me; she went to him the next day but could not find him out.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
