





23. 
               
                  THOMAS PETER 
                  MANSFIELD
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Swan
                        




                     
                  , about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 25th of October
, Elizabeth, the wife of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Swan
                     



                  , being therein, and stealing four silver table-spoons, value 1l. 5s.; one silver jug, value 10s.: one pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; and one sugar-dish, value 3s.
            , the property of the said Thomas Swan.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  OLDFIELD
               



             SWAN. I am the daughter of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Swan
               



            ; on the 25th of October I was at my father's house, at Islington, I saw the prisoner at the bar there; he sold me some apples, for which I paid him a three-shilling piece; another person, who was with him, gave me 2s. in change. About ten minutes after I saw the prisoner getting out of the parlour window; I did not see him get in; I suppose he must have got in at the window; I saw the window about an hour before, it was shut, but not fastened; I had been in the kitchen all the time, and I believe my mother and the servant had been there all the time too. I think nobody in the house could go into the parlour without my knowing it. I saw the prisoner getting out of the parlour window, his hands were on the window, and his feet had not touched the ground. He asked me to buy some apples; I told him, no. What do you do there? He made no answer, but went towards the garden gate. I followed him, and caught him. The servant asked me where my geranium was; I asked the prisoner, and he said, there it is, hastening to the garden gate. It had been thrown down from the ledge of the parlour window. He got from me, and went out at the garden gate. I saw no more of him. As I turned round I saw a silver milk-ewer on the window-ledge. I ran into the parlour, and missed one pair of spoons off the sideboard; another pair had been removed to the table between the two windows, and a pair left on the sideboard; there ought to have been three pair of table spoons on the sideboard; a silver milk-pot and sugar-tongs; nothing was taken away but a pair of spoons, all the rest were only removed from the sideboard to the table under the window. I had seen them in their proper place about an hour before. I did not see the prisoner with any property in his hands.
Mr. SWAN. The articles are well worth 30l.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARTHA 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Swan; I was present when Miss Swan bought the apples, after which the prisoner went out and shut the gate; I afterwards saw him in the garden again, he was going towards the gate, he appeared to come from the parlour window, which was shut before, but when I saw him it was open; I had been in the parlour about an hour before. I did not see the prisoner have any thing, nor did I see him come out of the parlour. I am sure of his person.
Q. Did you go into the parlour after you saw him the last time - A. I did; I missed two silver spoons, and the other things were moved on to the table, there were feet marks on the window ledge, and in the chair which was under the window; the carpet was also muddy, apparently with feet marks.
Prisoner. What can you swear to me by - A. I am sure you are the person.
BARNARD GLEED. I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; since this robbery I have frequently tried to find the prisoner, I found him on the 11th of November last; I found him at a public-house in Whitechapel; he was sitting in the box behind a man, when he saw me he stooped down to hide himself; he said he knew nothing of the robbery.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GOSS
               



            . I am an officer; I was seat for to Mr.Swan's, I saw the foot-marks in the room. I know nothing of the prisoner.
WILLIAM JACKSON. On the day mentioned in the indictment, I was in my room, I heard a noise at Mr. Swan's, I went over and saw the things laid on the table ready to be removed.
Prisoner. When I was taken to Worship-street, Miss Swan said I was not the man. I heard the officer tell her to swear to me.
Jury to MISS SWAN. Did you see the prisoner in any manner inside the window - A. I saw him leaning on the window; his hands were on the ledge and his feet were not to the ground. The garden gate is about three yards from the window.
GUILTY. Aged 13.




               Of Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
