





885. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzleing money
             on the 4th of May
.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORES
               



            . I am clerk
 to 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Whitten
                  




esq.

attorney at law
; and the prisoner was also in his service from November last until May; I am cashier clerk; and on the 4th of May last, the prisoner applied to me for money to get the City seal affixed to two powers of attorney to send to India, Not knowing how much they would come to, I gave him ten pounds, and on his return he said he had paid to Messrs. Windle, two pounds nine shillings for the sealing of those instruments, as it was his business to forward them to India; he said he had put them in the post, and paid one pound eleven shillings and sixpence as postage; he absconded himself on the 6th of May. In two or three weeks it appeared he had not paid for these instruments, as Messrs. Windle sent for the money for them, charging two guineas, which was paid.


                  GEORGE 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Windle, who are senior attornies in the Lord Mayor's Court. On the 5th of May, the prisoner applied to me to get them sealed, which I did, and knowing him to be Mr. Whitten's clerk, I trusted him for the amount; which was two guineas. I don't recollect that I asked him for the money.


                  RICHARD 
                  WHITTEN ESQ
               



            . I am an attorney; and the prisoner was in my employ from November last, until May. These powers of attorney were never sent to India, for they were brought to me by the prisoner's father in law, and have since been sent to India; and the postage paid out of my pocket. Messrs. Windle sent in a bill for the sealing of them, what has also been paid The powers of attorney were brought to me, about a week after the prisoner was discharged from my service. I did not get the prisoner into custody until about a fortnight ago.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am a police officer, belonging to the police office Hatton Garden; and in consequence of directions received at Mr. Whitten's took the prisoner into custody, after having been in search of him more than two months.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 4th of May, I was directed to get two powers of attorney stamped to go to India. Not knowing the amount, I got ten pounds from the cash clerk, to pay for them; when I got to the office, I found it was a holiday, and they would be three shillings and sixpence extra each; the usual charge being now two guineas, that made two pounds nine shillings. I left two pounds to pay for them, and said I would call for them the next day as they could not then be done; which we learned when I accompanied 
               
                  George 
                  Ashley
               



             to the Mayor's Court; and I intended to call and pay the nine shillings the first time I went that way.
George Ashley. I never remember accompanying the prisoner to the Mayor's court.
Prisoner. Do you remember my returning with any clerk to Mr. Windle's office - A. No; you might have returned, but I don't recollect it.
Prisoner. Don't you know I paid you two pounds - A. I don't recollect any money being paid at all by you; if any had, it would have been entered in the books.
Mr. Whitten. When the prisoner was before the magistrate he never made any defence of this kind nor ever said he paid the money.
A letter was now read in court directed to Mr. Whitten, and signed by the prisoner, confessing he had embezzled the money: imputing it to an intimacy he had contracted with bad company; acknowledging a considerable balance due from him to Mr. Whitten, which should be set to rights; offering to call upon Mr. Whitten, to give assistance in an explanation of various frauds which he had committed upon him; and praying pardon on account of his wife and child.
That letter was sent by me immediately after my discharge.



               GUILTY
             aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
