





873. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, eight canvas blinds, value 12s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Illingsworth
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am a bricklayer by trade. I had the care of Mrs. Illingsworth's house, and locked it up safe on the night of Saturday the 20th of July; I saw it again on the Monday morning the 22nd; my son was to repair it, and I was to help him. When we went to the door at about a quarter past five, my son had got a load on his shoulders, and he said there is somebody in the house. As we opened the door, the prisoner came out, and my son told him to stop, but he an off, and immediately another man ran out. I thought it was better to secure one, than lose them both; I caught him, and as I was taking him down Frith-street, I said, where are your implements that you got in with; he said what is that to you, your master must ask that; and he said you have let the best man go; I said never mind I have got you. When I go him down to the watchhouse, Mr. Craig asked him where the jemmy was, and he pulled it out, and put it down on the table; it was about twenty inches long, and it was done up quite snug in a little green baize bag. These blinds were all cut down; and then we found some skeleton keys also on him; we found eight blinds had been taken down, and five had been left in the house; three had been taken away, as I expect by the man who ran away; they had been fixed to the front windows of the house; they were bundled up in the passage, the value might be eighteen shillings.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS ROWLEY
               



            . Corroborated the account of the last witness.
WILLIAM CRAIG. I received charge of the prisoner and property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
