






1392. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     ROUTLEDGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SULLIVAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, one check, value 11l. 16s. 3d.; another check, value 7l.; another check, value 11l. 10s. 9d.; and one 10l. six 5l. bank notes, and one promissory note for the payment of and value 5l.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Bass
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  BASS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Sheppard-street, Piccadilly. On the 16th of June, the prisoner, Routledge, came into my service, on the 17th I gave him the notes and drafts stated in the indictment, to pay into Messrs. Birch, and Co., Bond-street, who are my bankers, amounting to 50l. 7s.; he absconded, and was never heard of till he was apprehended at Bartholomew-fair. On the 17th, I went round to the different banking-houses and found them all paid; he left me at half-past three o'clock; I made a memorandum of what I gave him before he left.


                  JOHN 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Masterman, and Co., I have a check drawn by 
               
                  William 
                  Critchley
               



             for 7l. which was paid on the 17th of June, by me.


                  JAMES 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Jones, Lloyd, and Co., bankers, Lothbury. On the 18th of June, Mr. Bass gave me notice of his having lost a 10l. note of the Oxford bank, and said it had the name of Elliot, on it; it was presented by Mrs. Lazarus. We stopped it.
JOSEPH HOPPI. I am a salesman. About the 18th of June, the prisoner, Routledge, and another boy, came to my shop, they bought some clothes and changed a 10l. note, they laid out 3l.; I shewed the note to Mr. Bass, he claimed it; they left their old clothes at my shop and was to call again for them.


                  JOHN 
                  BASS
               



            , re-examined. The check paid by Messrs. Mastermans', is one which I entrusted the prisoner with; I saw the 10l. note at Hoppi's, it had the name of Lady Evelyn on it, in our hand-writing; the trowsers which were left at his house were the same that the prisoner wore when in my service.
HARRIS LAZARUS. I am a salesman. On the 17th of June, the prisoners came to my shop; the prisoner, Sullivan is one of them.
ROUTLEDGE'S Defence. I never lived with the prosecutor - I lived with Mr. Flintoft in Wardour-street, at the time.
ROUTLEDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SULLIVAN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
