






7. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARPENTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of November
, seven yards of callico, value 10 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAWSON BLOMER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hart, linen-draper
, in Holborn


. On the 18th of November, both the prisoners entered Mr. Hart's shop, they asked for some white calico; I shewed them three or four pieces. After a short time they pitched upon one; I cut them a yard and a half off. They then asked for some pink muslin; that being in the back, there is a partition that divides the two shops. I shewed them two pieces of two different shades of colour; there being a piece of the same colour in the front shop, they conceived it was the same colour; they both went into the front shop. After looking at it the second time, they said, they would prefer one of the two that I had been shewing them in the back shop. I then left them in the shop, ran for the two pieces which I had been shewing them in the back shop; they pitched upon the palest shade of the two; I cut them off a quarter of a yard, the quantity they wanted; they paid me for the two articles, and went out of the shop. In about an hour and a half, Lee, the officer, came into the shop, and brought the calico which they had taken; I owned it, that being Mr. Hart's property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. About five o'clock on Thursday evening, the 18th of November, I was sent for, at Mr. James, a haberdasher, Holborn bridge; Mr. James desired me to take the two prisoners in custody. I proceeded to search the prisoners. Upon the person of Carpenter, I found this piece of calico. I then searched Wheeler, and in a small basket which she held in her hand, I found these two pieces of calico. In conveying the prisoners to the Compter, the prisoners particularly requested me to keep this piece of calico, and said it was at my service the piece found upon Carpenter, if I would keep it for my own use they would he much obliged to me. I made enquiry in the neighbourhood; I judged I should find the owner. I went to Mr. Hart's shop, and before I produced the yard and a half of white cotton, and the quarter of a yard of pink muslin, I had found in Wheeler's basket, the last witness told me he had sold them two articles. I then discovered the owner of the seven yards of calico found upon Carpenter.
Blomer. The yard and a half of white calico, and quarter of a yard of pink cambric muslin, Carpenter purchased of me; this piece Lee, the officer, brought in is the piece stolen; it is seven yards of calico, value half a guinea; they stole, they did not pay for it. I am sure it is Mr. Hart's property; Mr. Hart's private mark is upon it; it cost half a guinea. I did not miss the calico before it was brought back by Lee.
Q. How many shopmen does Mr. Hart employ - A. There are four sons constantly employed; two of them were in the shop while the prisoners were there.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence; called one witness, (each,) who gave them a good character.
CARPENTER, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 28,
WHEELER, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 36,
Of stealing, but not privately.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
