





163. 
               
                  
                     ISSAC 
                     PETTITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of February
, one thousand sheets of printed paper, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     M'Creery
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  M'CREERY
               



            . I am a printer
; I carry on business in Black-horse Court, Fleet-street


: my dwelling house is in Surry. On the 8th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I had occasion to wait upon a barrister in Lincoln's Inn. On return a quarter before nine, I found the people in my house in a state of consternation, on account of a robbery that had been committed. I found, by my foreman, that the house had been robbed of a quantity of unfinished work which was going from my press. It is a new work I am printing for Mr. Longman, called the Scottish Chiefs, to be published in five volumes; it has never been out of my hands; there was no other person could be in possession of it; I lost, as near as I can guess, a thousand sheets. On the morning after, I went out in search of the property; I went to Mr. Jones, a cheesemonger in Fleet-market; at the far end of the shop I saw a bundle tied up; I discovered it to be a part of this property; and my suspicion fell upon the prisoner.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. He is a journeyman printer
; he was engaged, but he did not come to work. My suspicion fell upon him in consequence of his having frequently applied for work, and generally on an evening. I got a search warrant, and the officer Hawkins found out where he worked; we searched his lodgings and found nothing; we took the prisoner from his work, and then requested him to come to Mr. Jones's, the cheesemonger; and when we took him into Mr. Jones's parlour, Mr. Jones recognised him to be the person.
Mr. Walford. In what part of your printing shop had this paper been placed. - A. In my wareroom; I did not place it there, I knew it was stored there. They were missed by my foreman; when I came in, he pointed out the sheet, and said, we are robbed again, this sheet is gone.


                  HUGH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, No. 5, Fleet-market. On the 8th of this month, about half past eight in the evening, the prisoner came in, and asked the shop-man whether I could buy any waste paper; I was called out; I told him to wait, as I was busy telling some silver; they told me the gentleman was in a hurry; I said, then send him in; the prisoner came in to me, I asked him what he wanted a pound for the paper; he said, five-pence; I looked at it; I said, these are regular sheets; he answered, they had been misprinted; I said, it was not the paper that exactly suited my trade, it would not hold the brine; he replied, perhaps you wish to have some old ledgers or bill books; I said, that is the paper that is suitable to me; I said, I would give him fourpence halfpenny, he took it; it weighed eighteen pound, I told him to take it in the shop; my son weighed it, and paid him six shillings and ninepence for it. I am sure the prisoner is the man, and that is the paper; he told me he had sold a great deal to Mr. Skinner, the tobacconist. Mr. M'Creery called on me on the next morning; I told him I would be at home about two o'clock. He brought the prisoner in, and another man very much like him; I pointed out the prisoner, I am positive the prisoner is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the son of the last witness; I know the prisoner, he came into our accompting house while my father was counting some silver; he came with paper; my father told me to weigh it, I did, and gave him six shillings and nine pence for it. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent of it; at the time that Mr. M'Creery was robbed, I was at home; when the officer came to take me in custody, he said, take no notice to your fellow workmen, I have a warrant against you. There was nothing found in my possession at all, I had nothing but a five shilling piece. When Mr. M'Creery took me down to Mr. Jones, there was another person that looked like me; Mr. Jones did not know which of us it was; he took my hat out of my hand; he said, he knew me by the silk hat, and he observed, that I was genteelly dressed when I brought it. My earnings is thirty-six shillings a week; I have had several situations. I did not go to Mr. M'Creery's to work, because I was told he was a particular man, and that I should be like a negro there. No man has stood more to his work than I have done; every body, that knows me is surprized that such a thing should have happened.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
