





639. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February, 1817
, one chest, value 1 s.; 60 lbs. of tea, value 20 l.; one box, value 1 s.; 100 lemons, value 10 s.; one peck of nuts, value 6 s., and one peck of chesnuts, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mack
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mack
                  



               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  AVES
               



            . I am a carrier from Norwich to London. On the 8th of February, 1817, I left town with my waggon, and on the 9th, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I heard something fall off the waggon - I was then near Tottenham. I put the tilt up, saw my goods uncovered, and three men ran away from the waggon - two ran towards Stamford-hill, and the other to Edmonton. I sent my man after the other two. He called me - I went back, the men were gone. I returned to the waggon, and found I had lost a chest of tea, a box of lemons, and two bags of nuts. I told the watchman what had happened. When I got to Norwich I heard two men had been taken, but they had escaped. On the 13th of February last I saw the prisoner in the Kingsland-road, and told him he was my prisoner for stealing the things. He said his mother gave him 30 s. to make it up, which was not the case. I knew him before - he used to assist my fellow-servant to drive the waggon. I did not see him that night. I never saw him after the robbery till this time. I had been told he was the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a watchman at Edmonton. Aves told me what had happened that night, and about a quarter after three o'clock in the morning the prisoner, and a man named Bell, were coming down the road with a chest of tea - the prisoner had about five pecks of tea in his smock-frock. They had broken the chest open, and the other man had got the chest on his back. I asked them where they were going to? they said they were guards to to the waggon, that somebody had cut the ropes, and got the tea off, and they were going to take it to the waggon. I followed them to the next watchman. - Page ran away with his load - I kept Bell, and locked him and the tea up. We followed the prisoner through the fields, found him behind a haystack, and put him in the cage, and on Sunday night he was rescued out of it. I found a chest of lemons next morning, in consequence of what Piper told me. I am positive the prisoner is the man - I should know him again from a hundred. I could never find him till now.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lay hold of me in the field, instead of behind a haystack - A. He ran from the haystack.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . On the 17th of January last I took the prisoner into custody at the White Hart, public-house, Kingsland-road.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIPER
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Edmonton. When the prisoner was in the cage about two years ago, he told me he had robbed the waggon of the box of lemons, and a bag of nuts, and told me where he had concealed them. I told the constable, and we went next morning and found them.
Prisoner's Defence. I have seen the man since - he said nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
