





741. 
               
                  DATESSA 
                  ROBARTO
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, thirty yards of lace, and one shawl, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fiorce
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FIORCE
               



            . On the 11th of May, I lodged at No. 24, Fore-street, Hatton Garden


, in the house of one Pastorelli; I entrusted this lace to be sold by a man named Viglezzi, who lodged in the same house. On the morning of the 12th of May, the prisoner at the bar, called upon me and told me Viglezzi had had a piece of lace stolen, and he told me that Viglezzi had a strong suspicion of him. In the course of the afternoon Viglezzi called on me, and communicated to me the circumstances, together with his suspicion; hearing that the prisoner had got a birth on board a ship lying at Graveshend, to go to Italy. I went to Hatton Garden office, and dispatched an officer thence for the purpose of detaining the prisoner; the officer went down to Graveshend, and brought him up; at his commitment at Hatton Garden, I heard him acknowledge that he took the things out of the room of Viglezzi, and pawned them in Piccadilly. The prisoner is a Citizen of Milan
, and was supported, during his stay in England, at my expence.
FIOLO VIGLEZZI. I think this is the lace, but I am not positive as there is no mark.


                  John 
                  Fiorce
               



            . I can swear to it.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Piccadilly, and took the lace into pawn from the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner's Defence. I was told to sell the lace by Viglezzi; and being in want of money, I pawned it; I intended to have taken it out of pawn, when I got money, and to have returned it.
GUILTY aged 20.




               Of stealing. but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Tried by a jury of half Englishmen; and half Foreigners, before Mr. Recorder.
