





328. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, one pocket-book, value 6d.; and 20s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live in Castle-street, Borough. On the 28th of December about six o'clock in the evening, my pocket-book was in my breeches pocket. I met the prisoner in Wentworth-street, Spitalfields


, I asked her the way to Spitalfields, being a stranger; she was standing at her door, and three other women came, and they forced me into the house; I had my bundle on my shoulder, they got me into the passage, and the three women stood at the door while the prisoner took my pocket-book from my breeches pocket, it had 20s. in it. I put up my hand to take care of my bundle, which was on my shoulder; the other women swore they would murder me - I was alarmed; the prisoner went away and I got out, and told the patrol, and described the prisoner to him. I saw her again in about five minutes. I am sure she is the person. She was searched, and a 6d. found on her, which I described to the patrol before I saw it; it has a figure of 3 marked on it.
ABRAHAM COATLEY. The prosecutor came to me about half-past six o'clock, and described the prisoner to me, he pointed out the place. I apprehended the prisoner about ten minutes after, at a public-house just by. The prosecutor laid hold of her, and said, she was the woman; he said he had lost 20s., and a 6d. marked with a figure of 3, which he could swear to. I searched her, and found a 6d. on her, and 7s.; he knew the sixpence when he saw it. He was quite sober, (I produce it).


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I can swear to the 6d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
