





1136. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, one watch, value 5 l.; one chain, value 1 l.; one seal, value 10 s., and one key, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smailes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMAILES
               



            . I am a mariner
, and belong to Sunderland. On the 12th of July, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was coming down Nightingle-lane, Wapping


, and met the prisoner coming towards me; I went outside, and gave him the wall. Just as he came to me, he put his shoulder against me, and turned me round a little - I felt my watch go at the same time. I immediately seized him, told him he had got my watch, and called the watchman; I gave him to Martin, and thought I saw him throw the watch down. I found it about five feet from him, and the case lying in another place. He got from Martin, and ran off, but was secured again.
WILLIAM MARTIN. I am a rope-maker, and live in Nightingale-lane. I heard the alarm, went up, and collared the prisoner; he said,
"Let me go, I have done nothing." I gave him to the watchman, but he escaped from him, and ran down Burr-street - he was brought back - I know him to be the man.


                  JAMES 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the alarm - the prisoner was given to me. He twisted me round, got from me, and ran across the road. I followed him, and secured him without losing sight of him.
THOMAS GOWAN. I live in Burr-street. I heard the alarm, ran to the spot, and found the prisoner in custody; he escaped. I followed him, and never lost sight of him, till he was secured.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
