





174. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     LAING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mitchell
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. about the hour of five in the night of the 9th of January
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein one coat, value 8s., and three handkerchiefs, value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jacob 
                           Harding
                        



.


                  AMELIA 
                  HARDING
               



            . My husband's name is Jacob; he is coachman
 to John Mitchell, Esq. who lives at No. 42. Charles-street, Cavendish-square. The stables are behind the house, and connected with it - They are No. 42, Lambeth-mews


; my husband was not in town at the time of the robbery, and I and my children slept in the room over the stable. On the night of Friday, the 9th of January last, the witness, Carr, came to Ogle-mews, where I was, and called me, I went to the stable and did not miss anything at first, but afterwards I missed the coat in question, from a box, and the handkerchiefs. I had been at the stable, and left all safe about four o'clock that afternoon; I did not miss the things until after the prisoner had been taken.


                  AMELIA 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness. I locked up the stable, and left all safe; the things had all been taken from different boxes.


                  JOHN 
                  CARR
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Badewell, Queen-street, May Fair. I went to the prosecutor's stable to ask for the coachman's son, and saw a light up stairs; as soon as I touched the door it flew open, I went in, and saw two men on the stairs - I could see them by the light that was above; I came out directly, they shut the door after me and bolted it. I went to a coachman, who was at a stable on the opposite side, and told him; he went and listened at the door, and heard the latch go, we then went up a little further, and two men came out, one of whom was the prisoner, he passed by me, but I did not speak to him. They ran off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCRUTON
               



            . I was in the mews on the night in question, and saw two men come out of Mr. Mitchell's stable-the prisoner was one of them. I pursued him, and caught him before he had got out of my sight.


                  JOHN 
                  PETTIT
               



            . I am a coachman. I was in Lambethmews on the night in question, and heard a cry of, Stop thief! I came down stairs directly, and saw the young man secured. I picked up the property on Mr. Mitchell's dung-heap-the prisoner must have ran past that dungheap in endeavouring to make his escape.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
