







334. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRINDLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GIBBS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LAING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 100lbs. of ivory, value 25l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Winch
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  WINCH
               



            . I am an ivory-cutter
, and live in Foley-street, Marylebone


. On the 13th of December I missed a quanity of ivory-the prisoners were strangers to me. My premises must have been entered with a false key.
RICHARD VAUGHAN. I live in Windmill-street, and deal in waste ivory. The prisoner, Laing came to me, and said he had a lot of ivory to sell, and if I would meet him at the New Inn, in Tottenham-court-road, at ten o'clock the next morning, I should see it. I went, and the prisoner, Gibbs, came to me there, and asked me if I was looking for a tall young man, dressed in blue? I said, Yes. He told me he could shew me the articles, and took me to the corner of Norton-street - Grindley opened the door. They took me up stairs, and shewed me the ivory, which was in the wainscot between the first and second floors-it appeared like a cupboard - I should not have thought of finding any thing there; it was s secret place. They shewed me about a hundred weight of ivory-Grindley and Gibbs only were present. I bought 23lbs. at 2s. per pound - They brought it to my house. Next morning they brought 90lbs. more, which I said I would sell for them, if I could - I bought 50lbs. of it; the remainder was taken away. Grindley and Laing brought it, and I paid them for it by a little at a time. The prosecutor saw it about a week afterwards, and claimed what I had left of it.



                  CHARLES 
                  LABAN
               



            . I am an ivory-turner. I bought 40lbs. of ivory of Grindley, about the 10th of December, at 3s. per pound - He called on me; and asked me to buy it. Next day he and Laing brought it - I paid them 4l.16s.6d. in part. Grindley sent to me from Newgate, I went to him - He said he was starving, and asked me to pay him the remainder, I refused - He said I should get no good by it. I did not know them before. They said Vaughan had bought some - He lives in my court.
LAING. Q. Did you not send your apprentice out of the way that he should not hear what passed - A. No.
Q. Did you not know the property was stolen - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  KINSMAN
               



            . I am an ivory-turner, and live in Bowling-green-lane, Clerkenwell. Grindley and Laing came to me, and said they had some ivory to sell. I asked them what business they were? they said they were cabinet-makers. They brought about 40lbs. down that evening. I questioned them how they came by it? they at last said they were commissioned to sell it, and gave different accounts. I said, it did not appear that they came honestly by it, but if they would bring the proprietor, I would buy it. They never came again.


                  THOMAS 
                  ONION
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Adam and Eve-court, Oxford-street. On the 30th of November I met the prisoner, Laing, and another man, in Berwick-street - I knew him before. He said a friend of his had got some ivory to sell. I told him to call on me the next morning, which he did, and said it belonged to his friend's mother. I said I wanted a little. He asked if Mr. Langfield (who is my master), would buy any. He said he had sold some to Kinsman and Vaughan, but his friend's mother was very ill, and wanted ready money for it - I told him my master would give him ready money. He took me to Marylebone-street to see it. Just as I got to the door, I met Grindley; he said it was his mother's house, but she was in the country. Laing left me. Grindley shewed me four pieces of ivory, which weigbed about 60lbs. I bought about three-quarters of a pound of him for 2s.6d. I recommended him to Laban to sell some.
LEWIS PANALMO. I bought some ivory of Vaughan.


                  HENRY 
                  SANZE
               



            . I live at Hackney. I also bought some ivory of Vaughan.
HENRY WRED. I bought 10 lbs. of ivory of Vaughan.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
LAING'S Defence. The others asked me to sell it. Vaughan knew it was stolen.
GRINDLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
GIBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LAING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
