





90. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hicks
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HICKS. I am a painter
. I lost my watch on the 11th of November, I was in Piccadilly


; the prisoner stopped me at the corner of Belton-street, she said, I should go with her for three shillings; I told her I thought she was a shilling ne. She shoved me against the railings to stop me; I felt her hand at the waistband of my breeches; she pulled the watch out of my breeches; she sprang from me, she said, I was no good; I felt something slip from my breeches; I put my hand down, and found my watch was gone; I pursued her into Stratton street, where there was no thoroughfare; I got up to her; I accused her of taking my watch; she denied it. I took hold of her; the watchman came and took her in custody; another girl came, one that I was in company with when I first met her. The watchman took the prisoner, and I the other woman, we took them both to the watchhouse; I gave the prisoner into the charge of the constable of the night; the constable searched both of them, and found nothing. The watchman and I went to the place where I took them; I found the watch on the area steps.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARPLEY
               



            . I am the watchman. On the 11th of last month, I saw the prisoner running down Stratton-street, where there is no thoroughfare; I saw the prosecutor stop her; I walked up to them, and laid hold of her. The prosecutor accused her of taking his watch. I took her to the watchhouse; she was searched, and nothing found upon her. We thought she had dropped the watch some where about the place were we took her; I went back, and found it.
MR. GREEN. I am the constable. There were two women brought to the watchhouse; I searched them, and found nothing. I sent the watchman and the prosecutor to go and look for the watch; they came back with it, and said they found it on the area steps. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. It is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I never took the watch, or knew he had one.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
