






1237, 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, one hamper, value 6 s.; one basket, value 6 d.; three shirts, value 12 s., and four pair of stockings, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Goldsmith
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the property to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lamport
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am servant to the Bishop of Winchester
. On the 10th of August I expected a parcel from my wife at Farnham - it was to be sent to me at Chelsea, it never came.


                  FAITH 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am wife of the last witness. On the 16th of August I sent a basket from Farnham to my husband, it contained three shirts, four pair of stockings, and a cake. I delivered it to Barnard, directed to my husband - I only put his name on it. I saw the stockings and shirts about a week after at Hatton-garden; the prisoners were in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I am gardener to the Bishop of Winchester. I received a frail-basket from the last witness, put it in a hamper, which had other things in it, and delivered it at Mr. Lamport's waggon-office at Farnham, about nine o'clock in the morning - the waggon set out about an hour after. The hamper was directed to the Bishop. There were four loaves of bread and two melons in it.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you deliver all these things at the waggon-office - A. Yes, and locked the hamper myself - Lamport was in the office, and booked it; they always carry for the Bishop. I did not pay for the booking.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am waggoner to George and 
               
                  William 
                  Lamport
               



            . On the 16th of August I put a hamper into the waggon, directed to the Bishop of Winchester. I left Farnham at ten o'clock in the morning, saw it safe at Hounslow, and missed it at the White Horse cellar - I got there about four o'clock the next morning. The hamper was nearly in the middle of the waggon; my fellow-servant was in the waggon. I saw the hamper at Hatton-garden last Tuesday week - the prisoners were in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You do not know where it was lost - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am a gardener. On the 17th of August Mr. Streams and the hostler came to my house with a blunderbuss in their hands. I set off for London a little after three o'clock in the morning - it was just daybreak. I saw the two prisoners and another man in an open chaise-cart, at the corner of Gunnersbury-lane, about twenty-six yards on the London side of it, in the main road. I stopped opposite the cart and looked - two of them jumped out, and pretended to be doing something to the harness; they were the prisoners. I saw a large bag in the cart - it was not large enough to contain a hamper I went about a hundred and fifty yards further, and then went back; the cart remained there, it was just turning round; without calling at any house, they went up Gunnersbury-lane as hard as they could gallop - the three men were in the cart. We followed them - they turned up a place which had no thoroughfare; I followed them close. They took up a frail-basket, cut it open, took something out of it, and threw the basket into a ditch. They went about fifty yards farther, and found it was no thoroughfare. Two of them took the bag out of the cart, and went over the hedge with it, the other remained in the cart; the two returned to the cart with the bag, they then all turned, and came to the top of the lane - I tried to stop them. Wilson put his hand into his side-pocket, pulled it out, and pretended to shoot me - he thrust his hand out, but I saw no pistol. Wilson reached over, and with a large stick ripped a man's cheek open - it bled very much indeed. Those who were with me were afraid of being murdered, and would not follow them - I followed, and the two prisoners threatened to murder me; they got out of the cart, and ran after me; my two companions came to my assistance. At last I succeeded in taking them, with the assistance of eight men with reaping-hooks. Smith threatened to cut my head off. I sent Piper to the ditch for the basket; it was open, and directed to Goldsmith. The man who drove the cart was secured, but got away. The bag was found, and the prosecutor claimed the things in it. I saw the hamper a fortnight after.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. What are you - A. A gardener. I was going to town - the men were in the high road to town. The bag was not large enough to contain the hamper.
Q. Did you say a word at Hatton-garden about their presenting any thing to you - A. I did; he presented his hand - I did not know but he might have a pistol.
Q. When you got to the office, was not a charge of assault only made against them - A. That morning theywere only charged with assaulting a man, and were committed.
Q. How long after were they taken to Hatton-garden for this - A. About a fortnight or three weeks. Part of the property was found that morning.
Q. Do you mean to swear that part of the property was found the morning they were taken to the office on this charge - A. I do.
COURT. Q. When they were taken to the office for the assault, were any owners found for the property - A. No, my Lord; the basket I saw them open, was found the morning they were apprehended. The direction to the basket was found in the Bishop's hamper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIPER
               



            . I went with the last witness in pursuit of the prisoners. I live on the spot where the prisoners were taken, at Hanger-hill. I saw the two prisoners following two men, who ran up to my door for assistance. I asked them what was the matter? they said that the prisoners had nearly murdered a man at Smallborough-green. I put on my clothes, and joined in pursuit of the prisoners. When I got to the hill they had just been stopped. Tyler directed me up the lane in search of the property. I found a basket in a ditch of water - it was cut open, no direction was on it. I searched the lane farther, but found nothing more that morning. I heard that more property was concealed, and on the 26th of August I went in search again, and found a large bag on the left side of the hedge, concealed in the water-drain. It was taken before the magistrate at Brentford - Goldsmith claimed three shirts and four pair of cotton stockings that were in it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Has the frail been in your custody ever since - A. No; I gave it to Smith, the constable. The water-drain is a deep-cut drain in a meadow. Nothing was over it.
Q. Anybody passing could see it - A. Yes, but it was out of the road or path - there were cows in the field. The lane is half a mile long.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I produce the basket - it was delivered to me at the magistrate's, at Brentford.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            .
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
