






1461. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  EDWARDS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, one watch, value 40l.; one watch-chain, value 4l., two seals, value 5l., and one key, value 4s., the goods of the Rev.


                           Francis William Johnson 
                           Vickery
                        




                     
                  , clerk
, from his person
            .
REV. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  WILLIAM JOHNSON VICKERY
               



            . I am a clergyman of the Church of England
, and live in Lisle-street, Leicester-square. On Tuesday evening, the 13th of October, about half-past nine o'clock, I was returning home, through Bear-street. Leicester-fields


, a man rushed suddenly before me, and attempted to seize the seals of my watch - I resisted the attempt-three others were behind me. They separated me from the man, who ran off with my watch. I called out Stop thief! and kept my eye upon him till he got to the corner of the street. On my getting up to them I found they had been apprehended. I have no knowledge of them.
Prisoner RAY. Q. In what part of the street did you lose your watch - A. Very near Cranbourn-alley, on the right side of Bear-street.


                  DAVID 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty at the corner of Bear-street, heard the cry of Stop thief! turned round, and saw the prisoner, Ray, running, and the prosecutor pursuing him, calling Stop thief! I seized him, we struggled, and both fell - I held him, and gave him in charge. He was the only person that I saw running - He was running exceedingly fast, and tried to rescue himself from me.
FRANCIS RHIND. I am a tailor. I was crossing Bear-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw Ray running at the end of the street into the square. White seized him both fell in the scuffle. I ran up, and held him down till he was secured. I saw the prisoner, Edwards, and another man, forcing their way through the crowd. Edwards came up to the prisoner, Ray, took off his hat, and said, "Give it to me!" I looked down, heard the watch jingle in his hat, and seized his hand with the watch in it. Somebody said,"Start!" he said, "I cannot." I took him down Bear-street. Taylor came up and held his hands - A scuffle ensued, and in the scuffle he dropped the watch, and I picked it up.
Q. You saw Edwards receive the watch from Ray in his hat-Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  PURSE
               



            . I am a mariner. I was coming down Rider's-court, into Cranbourn-street, saw a crowd, and heard them say, "Mind he don't throw it away." I was just before Edwards, nearly opposite the end of the passage. I saw him stop to look back, and throw the watch away. I picked it up, and said, "I have got it." I took it into Mr. Taylor's shop, and gave it to him. After I picked it up it was snatched at twice.

Prisoner EDWARDS. Q. Did you see it in my hands - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GUEST
               



            . I am a hair-dresser, and live in Bear-street. I heard the alarm, went out, and saw Edwards in custody. I went and collared him, and saw the watch in his hand, with the chain twisted round his finger. He threw it down-Purse picked it up, and took it to Taylor s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in Bear-street. Purse brought the watch to me. I had been out, hearing the alarm, and saw the watch in Edwards's hands - I tried to get it from him; he put his hands down. I heard Purse say "I have got it." He gave it to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RAY'S Defence. I heard the alarm, and run to the spot with my fellow-prisoner. We were knocked down, and taken to the watch-house-nothing was found on me. When they were before the magistrate they were confused in their evidence, and altered it four times.
EDWARDS'S Defence. I trust to the integrity of the Jury. I have been in his Majesty's service.
RAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
