






347. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     PEMBER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDMUND 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, three hundred pounds of iron, value 20 s. a lanthorn, value 4 l. and a basket, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Patrick
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHEFFIELD
               



            . I saw the iron bars taken from the cellar; they were taken one morning at breakfast time, about five days after the door; they were taken by me, Pember, and Burke. We took the iron bars and a large brass York lanthorn, to Butler, in Chick-lane, Smithfield. The lanthorn was sound before we took it. Pember kicked the glass all out of it. It was plate. The lanthorn was worth six or seven pounds. Pember and Burke both carried the iron and the brass. I went with them, and saw them carry it; the brass lanthorn and the old iron was carried at twice. We received of Butler for the iron twenty shillings, and eight shillings and sixpence for the brass.


                  JOHN 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I had a York lanthorn in my cellar; I gave five pounds for it in exchange. It was all plate glass. The iron rails were taken from the front and back of my house.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I live in Chick-lane. The prisoners brought some old iron; I think it was the latter end of February; I paid them thirteen or fourteen shillings for the iron, and eight shillings and sixpence for the brass.
- DRINKWATER. I went to the last witness's house, and took away this basket.
Prosecutor. It is my basket; it is worth sixpence.
Pember's Defence. I know nothing at all of it.
Burke's Defence. I am as innocent as a new-born child.
PEMBER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BURKE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15,




               Confined 1 month in Newgate
            , 


               whipped in jail
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
