





172. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of December
, two pair of breeches, value 9 d. two axes, value 2 s. an apron, value 1 s. a shift, value 9 s. and a cap, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morris
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . My husband's name is John Morris, he is a carman
; we live in Drury-lane


, I engaged the prisoner to take care of my child, while I went out to work.
Q. What work. - A. I go out washing, or any thing that I can do to help maintain my family. The first articles that I missed were two shirts, of two young men that I washed for, which I got out of pawn and forgave her, the next was two pair of breeches, and the next an apron; I found them at the pawnbrokers.


                  JAMES 
                  JOSEPH JONES
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker, I produce an apron, an handkerchief, and a half handkerchief, and a shift, the duplicates are all different dates, from September to November, to the best of my recollection, the prisoner pawned them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 135, High Holborn; I produce two pair of breeches, pawned by the prisoner; one pair on the 29th of October, and the other on the 31st.


                  GEORGE 
                  ODDY
               



            . I am an officer; I searched the prisoner, and found the duplicates.
Prosecutrix. It is all my property; it was left under my care.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
