






367. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BLY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, four hundred pounds weight of lead, value 4 l. the property of a person or persons to the jurors unknown
            .
SECOND COUNT for cutting and ripping the said lead, with intent to steal the same.


                  JOHN 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I am a clerk. I saw the prisoners go to No. 16, Pentonville


. I went and acquainted the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live opposite the houses. I had suspicion the prisoner's intended to take the lead; I went to the officer and told him. I went with him, he gave me instructions; the officer blew the whistle; I saw the prisoners come up the railing; I shoved the railing down, and them altogether. I got into the area, the officer and the two prisoners were in the kitchen. Gregory surrendered, Bly would not: Mr. Hunt knocked Bly down. They had ripped the whole of the boarding from the lead of the cistern,and moved the cistern from the wall with intent to double it up.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . On the 15th of March I had information that the prisoners were seen to go down the area, No. 16, Pentonville. I saw Brown and the other witness, I gave them instructions to stand at the front area, while I went in at the back part of the house; I went in and saw Bly; I gave the whistle, Brown and the other witness came down to assist me. I drew my cutlass, we had a scuffle, Gregory surrendered, Bly would not; I cut him down twice; when he was all over blood he surrendered. I went into the vault that Gregory came out of, I found this chisel. I have part of the chisel that they broke in wrenching off the cistern. This is the chisel that they wrenched the wood-work from the cistern, and this part of the wood-work here are the marks where the chisel has been. This knife I found upon Gregory, and this upon Bly.
Gregory's Defence. We were both in liquor, we went in there to lay down.
Bly's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn of its mother. I was there it is well known.
Hutt. They were both sober.
GREGORY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
BLY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
