






957. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  POWELL
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, two yards of linen cloth, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Finlayson
                     




                  ; and forty six pounds weight of lead, value 10s. belonging to the said John Finlayson, and affixed to a dwelling-house; one copper, value 1l. and two brass cocks, value 6s. belonging to the said John Finlayson and affixed to his said dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, Stating the property to be in 
               
                  John 
                  William
               



            's.


                  JOHN 
                  FINLAYSON
               



            . I lost these different things on the 28th of August last; I did not miss them until the evening; I had seen them there one or two days before I missed them. I went and spoke to the watchman, and found some men had been stopped with some things the evening before; I only know that the property is mine.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAM PYALL
               



            . I stopped the two prisoners with this property; I asked them where they got it from, and they told me that was my business to find out. I searched them, and on Power I found some skeleton keys, and one of them filed small to fit a drawer. Sellers searched Richer, and I saw him find a small saw on him. The next morning I discovered where the depredation was committed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . Corroborated the account of the last witness.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
POWELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
RICHER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
