





1323. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of August
, nine pieces of calico, value 5 s., and sixty tickets, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Milner
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MILNER
               



            . I am a packer and callenderer
. On the 23d of August I was sent for to Booth-street, Spitalfields


, where I have a warehouse, the prisoner was my servant
. I went into his room where he was at work alone, and told him he had been cutting off some pieces of calico - he said he never took any in his life. I found nine pieces, measuring ten or eleven yards together, in his coat-pocket, which were cut off different pieces. He then said it was the first he ever took, turned round, and began to whistle. I went to his lodgings, and found sixty tickets and remnants of calico - the tickets have my name on them, they were to affix to the goods, but had not been used.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had he lived with you - A. Ten or eleven years. I have two other warehouses in the Old Change, where he usually worked.
Q. His coat was not on him - A. No, it was three or four yards from him. He worked in the room by himself.
Q. Have you not many such pieces in your possession -A. No. Sometimes, when the ends get dirty, we cut them off - these were quite clean.
Q. When the work stretches in callendering, is it not customary to cut the over-measure off as a profit for yourselves - A. No, never.


                  WALTER 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Milner, and live on the premises in Booth-street. I suspected the prisoner had cut some ends off the calicoes, and sent for Mr. Milner, who came. I went with him into the prisoner's room, Mr. Milner asked him if he had got any remnants of white? he said,
"No; I don't know what you mean." Mr. Milner said,
"Have you cut any?" he said No. I saw his coat lying just by, I went up and put my hand on it, and before I searched it he said,
"There are two or three bits there, and they are the first I have taken." I found nine pieces in his pocket. I discovered that twenty-four pieces had been cut that morning. The tickets were kept in the Old Change.
Cross-examined. Q. How many of these remnants are sold in a year for the benefit of the concern - A. I know of no such thing. We are obliged to cut the fags off, as we cannot export them with the fags on.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
