





705. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     HAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, one tub, value 4 s., four yards of baize, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Philpot
                        




                     
                  ; and 60 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., belonging to him, and fixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PHILPOT
               



            . I am a Navy Agent
, and live at No. 3, Hermitage-place, Islington-road


; the prisoner was employed as my gardener
. On the 21st of March, between six and eight o'clock in the evening, this lead was taken from the roof of my water-closet, at the back of the house.


                  JOHN 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at Walworth. I have a house next door to the prosecutor's, which was stripped of its lead on the 17th of March. On Sunday, the 21st, I went to examine my premises, about a quarter before seven o'clock - the lead was then safe on the prosecutor's premises. Soon after I heard the dog bark, and a call of
"Watch." I ran out, and found the prisoner in Thompson's custody; I found the lead tied in a handkerchief on the roof of the kitchen of No. 1, and compared it with the water-closet, and it fitted exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Philpot. Hearing the dog bark, I went into the garden, and walked slowly to the bottom; on my return I observed the figure of a man passing from the water-closet of No. 2, on to the premises of No. 1; I gave the alarm, and opened the back garden gate - I had to climb over a gate to get there. I saw the prisoner get over the wall, and drop at the corner of Mr. Eaves's house into a recess. I found him there, collared him, and dragged him out of the recess; he had no handkerchief on his neck; the lead was found in a handkerchief similar to what he used to wear. A small piece of lead was found on Eaves's premises, just where he climbed up to get over the wall. We went to his house, were we found the prosecutor's tub.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARR
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Eaves, who lives at No. 1, Hermitage-place, Islington-road. On the 21st of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in my master's room, and saw the prisoner pass once or twice. In about half an hour I saw him pass again towards the prosecutor's premises. About three minutesafter I went out, and saw him getting over the wall, which leads to the prosecutor's privy; when I got up to him he turned his back. I saw no more till I heard the call of
"Watch." I immediately ran out, and saw a gentleman securing him as he was getting off the wall - he had no business on the wall; I know him to be the same man. He had a handkerchief round his neck when I first saw him - he had none when he was taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 21st of March, I received the prisoner in custody; I found nothing on him. I matched the lead to the place, and it fitted exactly. I went to his lodgings at No. 8, College-street, Cow-cross, and found the tub and the green baize.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
