






1521. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     TROUP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October

, at the parish of St. Clement Danes, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Parkinson
                     



                  , one shift, value 1s.; one half-handkerchief, value 1s.; one pair of earrings, value 1s; one 20l. and one 1l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Wickham
               



            ; and 
               
                  SARAH (the wife
 of William) TROUP
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods, she well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WICKHAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Wickham
               



            , who is a butcher
, and lives at No.16, Clare-street, in the parish of St. Clement Danes



; we rent the first-floor in Thomas Parkinson's house - He lives in the lower part, and lets us the first-floor - He keeps a hardware-shop. Theprisoner, Sarah Troup, jun., was my servant, she had lived six months with me - She lived with me till the 3d of October; on that day I lost a 20l. note and a 1l. note, which I kept in my looking-glass drawer, which was always kept locked. I also lost a shift, a pair of ear-rings, and a handkerchief - I have found my wearing apparel. I went to the lodgings of Sarah Troup, sen., at No. 8, Gilbert-street, with Langfield, and found a 1l. note, which I had given change for on the 3d of October.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Troup, jun. slept at her father and mother's room, and occasionally worked with them, in Gilbert-street - they have only one room. Her mother never was in my place, that I know of. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Troup
               



            , jun. came in the day and went home at night.
JOHN LANGFIELD. I am a constable. On the 6th of October I went with Mr. Wickham and his wife to the lodgings of Sarah Troup, sen., in Gilbert-street. The prosecutrix charged Troup, jun. with stealing a 20l. note out of her looking-glass drawer. I asked her if she knew any thing about it? she said, No. I searched William Troup, the husband, and found nothing on him. While I was searching him, Troup, sen. threw something into the fire-Wickham said the 20l. note was thrown into the fire - I immediately went to the fire, and took out a piece of brown paper, which contained a key; the looking-glass was brought to the room - I tried the key to the drawer, it opened it. I searched Troup, sen., and found a 1l. note and 9s.6d on her - I found two sixpences on Troup, jun. I searched the apartments-on a shelf I found a tea-caddy. Troup, jun. said there was nothing in it, and I had no occasion to take it down. I took it down, and found a 1l. note and a pair of ear-rings in it; the prosecutrix claimed them, and the 1l. note also. I turned down a bureau bedstead, and found a shift and two pair of stockings, which the prosecutrix also claimed.
Cross-examined. There were two beds in the room.
Q. Do you not know that the bureau bedstead belonged to the younger prisoner - A. I do not know - She claimed the tea-caddy. 
               
                  William 
                  Troup
               



            , the owner of the room, was present all the time, and said he was innocent of every thing that occurred. The mother was taken into custody the next morning - She did not attempt to escape.
WILLIAM BOND. I am an officer of Bow-street. On Tuesday, October the 7th, I went to Troup, sen.'s house with a search-warrant, and found the husband in the room drunk. I received information, and went towards Tothillfields, and met the prisoner, Troup, sen. I took her to a public-house, and found 25s., in silver, on her, 5s. in halfpence, and a half-handkerchief in her pocket, which the prosecutrix claimed.
CHARLES 
               
                  HERBERT 
                  GILLHAM
               



            . I am a publican, and live at the corner of Wych-street. On Sunday morning, October the 5th, the elder prisoner came to me, and asked me to do her a favour, which was to change a note. I was going to do it; she said, "three fives, and the rest in ones." When I heard it was to that amount, I told her I had not got change. I never saw the note.
JOHN WILLIAMS. I am a butcher, and live in Clare-market. I went to Troup's lodgings with the prosecutrix and Langfield; they have spoken correctly - I was present.


                  SARAH 
                  WICKHAM
               



            . I can swear to the 1l. note, I cannot to the others. I can also swear to the wearing apparel.
The prisoners left their cases to their Counsel.
S. TROUP, JUN. - 

               GUILTY
            . - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 17.
S. TROUP, SEN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
