





674. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , a pocket book, value 6 d. a two pound bank note, and ten one pound bank notes, his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am clerk
 to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Richards
               



            , and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price
               



            , Holborn bridge. On the 16th of August, about one o'clock in the day, I was passing along Lombard-street


, I felt some one behind me; I looked round and saw the prisoner. I went on a pace or two and put my hand in my pocket, and missed my pocket book, and the same time I turned round, and saw the prisoner cross over the road, I pursued him, he went through Pope's head-alley, across Cornhill, to the Exchange. I came up with him, and looked him in the face; he let the pocket book fall. I saw the pocket-book fall; I picked the pocket book up, and secured the prisoner.
Q. You never lost sight of him at all - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  PENNINGTON
               



            . I am a constable I took the prisoner in custody. I received this pocket-book of Mr. Price.
Mr. Price. That is my pocket-book, it contained a two pound note, and ten one's, and other papers.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and gentlemen of the Jury. On Friday, the 17th of August, between twelve and one o'clock, I was passing the Royal Exchange, and having occasion to cross to go to the piazza's over the way; the prosecutor came up to me; he said he must seize me; I said I would retire to a coffee-house; he sent for an officer; I was examined before the Lord Mayor, and being searched, no property was found on me, but my watch, which is my own. I am perfectly innocent of the felony. I am a young man, twenty-five years of age, eight years I have been in the sea-service. I am convinced that should conviction follow I shall bow with due submission. - Should I meet with an acquittal I am determined to go to sea again. - But it convicted, I trust you may in your wisdom think fit to grant that I may serve his Majesty at sea.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
