





652. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a cloth, value 6 d. - thirty-nine lb weight of pork, value 1 l. 10 s. twenty-seven lb. weight of beef, value 15 s. 11 d. and nine lb. weight of mutton, value 6 s. 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hodds
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LEWIS
               



            . As I was going to school on the 28th of August, I saw that man take the meat out of the barrow and walk down Jewin Street


. I went into Mr. Jackson's wine vaults, and asked if there was any body that belonged to the meat, Mr. Hodds said yes, he went out and collared him.


                  RICHARD 
                  HODDS
               



            . I keep a cook shop
 in Goswell Street. On the 28th of August, I came from Newgate market, and left my meat at Mr. Jackson's door. A little boy came in and said a person had taken some meat out of my barrow. He directed me up Jewin Street. I followed him and overtook him within fifteen yards, he dropped down the meat, he fell, and I laid hold of him, as soon as he got up he drew out something, Mr. Jackson said, if he did not put his knife in his pocket, he would knock him down. I held him, I could not see the knife.


                  GEORGE 
                  JACKSON
               



            . On the 28th of August, the prosecutor came in my house about half after eight, the little boy came in and said whose meat is at the door, the prosecutor and I went out, and the boy followed and said that is the man, the prosecutor overtook him, they both fell down together, the prisoner had certainly the knife in his hand, I told him if he did not put it in his pocket I would knock him down.
Q.(to Prosecutor) What meat had he taken out of your barrow. - A. There were two legs of pork, and a spring of pork, a shoulder of mutton, and a brisket of beef.


                  JAMES 
                  BRAY
               



            . I was constable, I asked him for the knife, he gave it me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down Jewin street, I went into a street and evacuated there, and when I came to the top of the street, that gentleman accused me of taking the meat, I told him it was not me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
