





222. 
               
                  CUTHBERT WINGHAM 
                  WHITFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzling a 100l. bank note
            , the property of Sir 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Curtis
                  



               
            , Bart.
, 
               
                  Abrabam Wildney 
                  Robarts
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis
               



            .
MR. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  WILDNEY
               



             ROBARTS. I am in partnership with Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis
               



            . The prisoner was our clerk
, and has been so for the last fifteen years.On the 9th of December, in consequence of information which I received, I desired to see him, and made inquiry of him about a particular circumstance, after which I asked him if his depredations were confined to that particular point? - he hesitated sometime. I neither threatened nor promised him with respect to this charge. I asked him if it was possible, notwithstanding our system of book-keeping, that we could be defrauded? He then told me that we had been defrauded to the extent of 600l. He alluded particularly to a Treasury bill of 500l.
MR. THOMAS LONDON. I am superior clerk to Messrs. Robarts and Curtis. If we have any Treasury or private bills payable at the Bank, they are made up regularly every day, and a list, which we call the Bank Charge, and the bills, are delivered to a porter to carry to the Bank for payment. They generally give a ticket. If he receives payment, he is to bring the bank notes which he receives. If any objection is made to any bill on the ground of irregularity, or supposed irregularity, it is returned to the house. I look at the prisoner's book of the 10th of November; it was his duty to make out the Bank charge of that day-it is in his own hand-writing. There is a 100l. specified to be for a Treasury bill; he discharges himself of that 100l., by debiting the Newcastle Bank 100l., as if the 100l. to be received on that account had not been paid, but returned. The entry of the debit is,"100l. Newcastle"-(Looks at a Treasury bill for 100l.)-it appears to have been indorsed to our house by the Newcastle Bank, and to be due that day-it appears to have been received on that day by our porter.
Q. Does it appear that the entry of the 100l. applies to that bill-A. I have no doubt of it. When a bill is not paid at the Bank, it must be entered in that form to discharge himself of it, and to balance that account. In the column in which the 100l. is entered, he has not made any entry of the 100l. being paid by the Bank upon that Treasury bill, if he received it, there was 100l. deficient-the entry represents it as unpaid. It would be the prisoner's duty, if it was not paid, to make a debit ticket. I have one in my hand made out by him respecting this bill (reads)-"Debit Newcastle Bank on Treasury, 100l., 10th November."This represents that the Newcastle Bank were to be debited 100l. on account of this bill not being paid, which was done,
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. He charges himself with having sent out the bill-his debit ticket cannot apply to any other bill. The entry is in his hand-writing.
JAMES GILBERT. I am in the Public Drawing-Office in the Bank. All Treasury bills are paid there. On the 10th of November, a Treasury bill, (100l.) was presented to me by Davis, from the house of Messrs. Robarts and Co. for payment. I examined it, marked it, and drew a ticket on the pay-clerks for the porter to receive the money. He receipted the bill for Robarts and Curtis.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I attend on the Bank-note Pay-office in the Bank. On the 10th of November Green gave me a ticket which Davis brought. He stood by me in the office. I paid it with a 100l. note, No. 10,789, 24th October, 1817.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am in the same office with the last witness. The ticket was delivered to me - I entered it, gave it to Wilson, and posted it to Messrs. Curtis and Co.
JOHN DAVIS. I am porter to Messrs. Robarts and Curtis. On the 10th of November I took the Treasury bill for 100l. to the Bank, received the money, carried it back, and delivered it to the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  LONDON
               



             re-examined. I look at the prisoner's book. When he received the notes from Davis, it was his duty to enter the notes and dates to the credit of the Bank charge. The 100l. bank note, No. 10,789, 26th of October, 1817, is not entered to the Bank charge - He ought to have entered it to the credit of the Newcastle Bank. On the same day, I find the bank note, of that number and date, is entered as received from Johnston of the Coal Exchange, for a bill of 168l. 7s. 6d.; there is still a deficiency of 100l. in his account.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. There must be a deficiency.
Q. If Johnston had to pay him 68l. and he entered it 168l,, the bankers would not be defrauded at all - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. It occurred in error.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
