





411. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WEIR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of March
 a box, value 1 s. two window curtains, value 4 s. and a valence, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mellersh
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MELLERSH
               



            . I live at the King's Head, in the Borough. A box directed to Miss Davis, Tower Terrace, came by the Arundel waggon, it was sent out on the 9th of March in the care of my porter, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bishop
               



            , I never saw the box till the next morning at the office, Whitechapel.


                  THOMAS 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  William 
                  Mellersh
               



            . On the 9th of March I took the box in Mr. Mellersh's cart.
Q. Do you remember having this box directed to Miss Davis, Tower Terrace - A. Yes, I missed it in Whitechapel


. A man told me he saw a man take it out, when he told me I immediately pursued, I saw the box on the pavement in Whitechapel-road, I saw the prisoner twenty minutes after the box was taken. On the next day I saw the box opened, it contained some window curtains and a valence.


                  THOMAS 
                  HIGGS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker in Whitechapel-road. On the 9th of March I saw the prisoner with this box in his hand and an apron over it, he chucked it out of his hands, I ran after him and took him. This is the box that he threw down, when I stopped him the people asked what he had done, I said he had stolen this box, the prisoner said he was a poor fellow, he had not got any work to do; I said this is the way to make people poor, you do not go away from me, I took him to the magistrate. This is the box that he threw down, and the prisoner is the man that had the box.


                  RICHARD 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I was standing at the corner of Great Garden-street, Whitechapel, the prisoner passed me with this box in his hands, carrying it before him, there was a cry of stop thief, I immediately run, a tall man behind him told him to run. I am quite sure the prisoner is the man. The carman picked up the box, it is directed to Miss Davis, Tower Terrace, London.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of all the charges laid against me.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
