






732. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August
, three yards of corderoy, value 6 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Milner
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BERCHER
               



            . I am a packer in the service of Mr. Milner the prisoner was a labourer
 there. On the 11th of August, I and Mr. Milner measured a piece of corderoy; it measured twenty-four yards. I marked the piece as measuring twenty-four yards. I left the warehouse in the evening at dark, and I left the prisoner there. The next morning, when I came to the warehouse again, I looked at the piece of corderoy; when I came to the end of the piece; I found it was deficient; I measured it then again; it measured but twenty-one yards instead of twenty-four. This is the piece of corderoy; it is cut, jagged with a knife.


                  JAMES 
                  MILNER
               



            . I am a packer in the Old Change. On receiving information from the last witness, I caused the prisoner to be apprehended. I sent for an officer; he came about ten o'clock. I went with the officer to the prisoner's lodgings in St. Martin's-le-grand; I there found the three yards of corderoy among other things. I matched the three yards of corderoy with the remainder of the piece in my warehouse; it matched exactly. This corderoy is my property. I am sure that piece was cut off the bigger piece.
Prisoner's Defence: I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
