





955. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, the sum of 20 s., in copper monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Buttenshaw
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BUTTENSHAW
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Holborn Bridge


; the prisoner has been in my service as porter
 for five years. On the 31st of May, I suspected him, in consequence of which, at night, when he was gone, I counted over my copper. I had ninety-eight 5 s. papers, part were in a cupboard, and part on the counter, in the counting-house. I put my initials on about fifteen of the top papers, and locked the counting-house-door - it was between nine and ten o'clock. The prisoner came to work about half-past six o'clock the next morning; I then delivered the key to the man-servant to open the shop and counting-house. I came down about half-past seven o'clock, and in consequence of what my son said, as the prisoner was going to breakfast at eight o'clock, I told him I suspected him of robbing me of copper money - he denied it. I told him he should not move till I had searched him. Giraud, who had marked the papers, brought two of the papers of copper out of the cellar with my writing on them. The prisoner then started up, and ran out of the shop; I followed him, calling out Stop thief! he turned up a count about 100 yards off, and was there stopped. I searched him, and found two 5 s. papers of copper on him; he took them out of his breeches-pocket, and delivered them to me - they had my writing on them; he then acknowledged taking them, and begged that I would not prosecute him; he offered to give me 5 l. I gave him in charge.


                  PATRICK 
                  JOHN GIRAUD
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. There were ninety-eight papers of halfpence in the counting-house. Next morning my master charged the prisoner with taking some; I went down stairs, and found two 5 s. papers under the stair-case. I came up, and said the prisoner must have laid them there; he immediately ran out, but was secured soon after. I found only ninety-four papers in the counting-house.


                  JAMES 
                  CRANEY
               



            . I am a grocer, and live opposite the prosecutor - he sent for me; I found the prisoner in his shop, charged with stealing the money. We took him up stairs; he fell on his knees, begged for mercy, and gave two papers of halfpence from his breeches-pocket.


                  EDWARD 
                  BUTTENSHAW
               



             re-examined. The papers have my hand-writing on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
