





646. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     PENDERGAST
                  , alias 
                     
BETTY SMITH





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, two gowns, value 20 s. a cloak, value 20 s. a shawl, value 15 s. a cap, value 1 d. a bonnet, value 15 s. a laced cloak, value 30 s. a spencer, value 1 s. and five yards of muslin, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Cutts
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  NANCY 
                  CUTTS
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor, he is a housekeeper, he keeps the Cooper's Arms public house




. The prisoner left my service on the 8th of August, between eight and nine in the evening; I missed the things that same nigh; I saw her the next evening at the Flying-horse, Lambeth-street, Whitechapel; she had my gown and spencer on her back; she took the property out of the one pair of stairs room.
Q. When was the last time you had seen them before they were stolen - A. On the 7th of August.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ALLINGHAM
               



            . I keep a milliner's and cloaths-shop in Seething-lane, Tower-street.

Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar - A. Yes, I can positively swear to her; I bought of her a piece of muslin and a black lace cloak, I gave her two pound for them altogether.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer. On Thursday the 9th of August, I took one gown and spencer of the prisoner's back; I found a gown and a bonnet in a box where the prisoner told me, in Thames-street, and a shawl, a bit of muslin, and an old nightcap that was in the trunk.
Prisoner's Defence. The lady gave me thirty shillings for them, and the box belongs to me.




               GUILTY
            , aged 15.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
