





191. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     COSTELLO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, eighteen pound weight of copper, value 1 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pontifex
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Russell 
                     Pontifex
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am foreman to William and 
               
                  Russell 
                  Pontifex
               



            , coppersmith

s in Shoe-lane


.
Q. Did you lose any copper at any time. - A. Yes, on the 19th of January; when I saw the property at Guildhall, I knew it to my master's property.


                  MICHAEL 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre's. On the 19th of January, about twenty minutes before nine, my partner and I came out of Smithfield, and came down West-street. The prisoner passed me with some property under his coat, which appeared to be heavy. I followed him down West-street, and catched him. I said, what have you got here; hesaid, what is that to you; I demanded he should tell me; he said it was some copper. I asked him who he worked for: he said, a man in the middle of Thames-street. He had forgot the partners names. I took him in custody; he dropped it directly. My partner picked it up; we took him and the property to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLSMORE
               



            . I am a patrol. I picked up the property; there is eighteen pound of copper.
The property produced and identified.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . The prisoner used to fetch up coals for the factory, and we have found many of the nails since he has been taken up among the coals.
Prisoner's defence. I went to wash my hands at the well; that copper was in that small bag by the well; I picked it up, and went along with it to where I owed a man some money for tea and sugar to Mr. Brown's, Cow-cross, in Sharp's-alley. The patrol came, and took me in custody.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
