






860. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Haughton
                        




                     
                  , a silk handkerchief, value 5 s.
             his property.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAUGHTON
               



            . I am a silk mercer.
 No. 8, Henrietta-street, Covent Garden. Yesterday I was walking in Watling-street


, I heard a voice exclaim, sir, your pocket is picked.
Q. Did you perceive any person at your pocket - A. No. I turned round and saw my handkerchief lay in the area of the house; I was passing, a cry of stop thief was raised; I saw a man pass me into Friday-street, I followed him, the man ran very fast, he was stopped before I came up to him. The prisoner is the man.
Q. Was your handkerchief a silk handkerchief - A. It was, and the value about five shillings. At first the prisoner denied that he had taken it, on the way to the Poultry Compter he seemed agitated, and said he would not do so again.
SAMUEL WILLIAMS. I am a warehouseman in Watling-street. I saw the prisoner and Mr. Haughton in Watling-street, I knew Mr. Haughton; I was on the opposite side of the way; the prisoner and another person was behind Mr. Haughton; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of Mr. Haughton's pocket; the instant he took it he found he was detected, he threw it over his head, it went into an area; I do not know whether he saw me; there was a gentleman standing at a door directly opposite where the handkerchief fell. The prisoner run away, and I followed him, his companion was standing near by him at the same time, he did not attempt to run away; he did not run. It was not a minute before the prisoner was stopped.
Q.Have you any doubt that he was the man that did this act - A. No doubt; he was not out of my sight, only just when he turned round the corner. I came up when he was stopped. I told Mr. Haughton that he was the man that picked his pocket, I would go back and shew him where the handkerchief was. Going to the Compter the prisoner told me that I must mind what I swore to. We had the man that was with him up also, he being a bad character; the grand jury threw the bill out.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENGOFF
               



            . I am a warehouseman, 48, Friday-street. I heard the cry of stop thief, and immediately recognised the other man as having been before Mr. Alderman Hunter; I saw the prisoner taken at the corner of Friday-street.
DANIEL CARTWRIGHT. I am a marshalman, I took the prisoner in custody, and received the handkerchief. I have had it ever since.
Q. Do you know the prisoner before - A. Yes.
Prosecutor. It is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my work in Whitechapel; the gentleman passed me, his handkerchief was hanging out of his pocket, I took it out meaning to give it him; a gentleman passed me, I threw it of one side; I did not run, I walked. It is a very unlikely thing that I should put my hand in a gentleman's pocket in the day time. I wish to know where Cartwright knew me.
Cartwright. I knew you to be in the company of thieves about Fleet Market.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
