





586. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLARE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of June
, a bottle, value 1 d. a pint of brandy, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bensfield
                        



                     
                  ; two pair of trowsers, value 12 s. two pair of drawers, value 4 s. 6 d. three frannel waistcoats, value 10 s. and four hundred and seventy four penny pieces, and a one pound bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Favell
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bensfield
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John Richardly 
                           Bensfield
                        



.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENSFIELD
               



            . Q. What are the names of your partners - A. Samuel Favell, and John Richardly Bensfield; we are wholesale slop seller



s in St. Mary-Axe


, the prisoner had been our porter
 about two years.
Q. In consequence of information that you received did you cause him to be taken into custody - A. We did, on the 28th of June. I was present when his boxes were searched in our house, he was an in door servant. In his boxes there were found two pair of trowsers, two pair of drawers, and three waistcoats; in a cupboard not locked by his bedside, in a hat box, were found thirty shillings in penny pieces.
Q. Does your house keep any quantity of penny pieces for the purpose of paying your work people - A. On account of the scarcity of specie, we have lately paid them in copper; we have from ten to thirty pound at all times in the house in a box, that box was locked and deposited in a warehouse, that he and the other servants had access to; that warehouse was in the lower part of our premises, where we generally take in the work; and I can verily say that the prisoner was not paid in copper.
Mr. Knapp. Was there no other servant lodged in this room in which this property was found - A. Yes, his name is Spooner.


                  RICHARD 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . Q. Are you the upper porter at Messrs. Favell's and Bensfield's - A. Yes.
Q. I presume you and the other servants were in the general habit of break fasting together, which of the servants were in the habit, of leaving the room first at breakfast - A. The prisoner generally left it first, about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before the other servants, he generally went in the warehouse below, where the chest was with the penny pieces.
Q. On the 30th, the day but one after the prisoner was apprehended, did you find any thing - A. Yes, in the place where the shoes and knives were cleaned, I found this key, this is the lock of the box, it fits the lock.
Q. Who was the person by whom the knives and shoes were cleaned - A. The prisoner; the other servants had access to that place, but; no work to do there; I found that key on a shelf behind a small box.
Prosecutor. This is the real key, it had never been out of my possession.


                  SOLOMON 
                  PAR
               



            . I am a servant to the prosecutor, I saw the key found; I found a five shilling paper of halfpence, I took them to my master, they laid upon a shelf upon the ground, covered over with a sheet of paper; I afterwards found another parcel upon a shelf as high as my breast, that parcel was open and some of the penny pieces taken out.


                  JOHN 
                  GOFF
               



            . I am an officer; I, in company with Friend, took the prisoner into custody on the 28th of last month. On the next day we went to Mr. Bensfield's house and searched his boxes, we had not the keys, we broke them open, the boxes were identified by the other servants to be his boxes, and the prisoner claimed the money and notes that were in the boxes; we found two pair of trowsers, two pair of drawers, and three waistcoats, they were found in the prisoner's two boxes, the gold and notes were returned to the prisoner; I told the prisoner I found trowsers, waistcoats and other things; he said, he bought them of his master, and that the foreman had measured him for some of the articles that were found in his boxes; he pointed out a flannen waistcoat he had bought of his master.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in company with Goff, at the corner of Raney's-gardens, in Tooley-street.
Q. Have you the penny pieces which have been spoken of - A. I received these two papers of Mr. Bensfield, they were found in the cellar. These six papers Goff and I found in the hat box, there is no difference to be distinguished in the papers. The prisoner stated that he purchased the things of his master.


                  DANIEL 
                  JONES
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Favell and Bensfield.
Q. Look at that one pound note, do you know whether that one pound note has in a little time past been in their possession - A. I received it in the month of June last, it is marked by me, W. W. denoting the christian and the surname of the person that paid, and June, 1810; the figure of the day of the month is not so clear, that I cannot say what day.Q. Have you got the book here, with the entry of whatever goods and slops the prisoner had of your master - A. Two of the entry's are of my own hand writing; there are no entry's of these articles. The entry's read.
Q. to Mr. Bensfield. What is the value of the two pair of trowsers - A. six shillings each, the drawers two shillings each, and the waistcoats, five shillings each.
Q. Has these goods been part of your stock - A. They have, they are new, and there are our marks upon them; I never sold any of them to the prisoner, and to the best of my belief, no other person has; we never sell to our servants without giving them a bill of parcels.
Prisoner's Defence. Some of the things that have been bought, there is the man that cut them out, they were not entered in the book.
GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing to the value of 24 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
