





155. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWZEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, one box, value 8 s.; four shifts, value 13 s.; three yards of linen, value 9 s.; three yards of lace, value 6 s.; three petticoats, value 4 s.; nine gowns, value 5 l. 11 s.; three pair of stockings, value 4 s.; twelve aprons, value 12 s.; one curtain, value 5 s.; three books, value 10 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 9 s.; and one iron, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann Maria 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  MARIA JONES
               



            . On the 18th of November, I left my place, at Mr. Williams's, at Stepney-green, and left my box at the green-grocer's, at the corner of Stepney-green till next day, and then being recommended by that woman, I employed the prisoner to carry it to Pentonville - I agreed to give him 2 s. 6 d., and said I would go with him. We set out; he met his brother, and asked him the nearest way. He walked very slow, and took very long rests - I told him to walk his pace. He then rested on a post for near a quarter of an hour - it being very cold, I and my sister walked on, but not perceiving him behind we went back. When he saw us he came on, and carried it as far as the Hackney-road, rested a long time, and then carried it about ten minutes longer, and sat down at a public-house door in the Hackney-road. Being very cold I gave him a pint of beer, and directed him to bring it to No. 6, Suffolk-street, Pentonville - I told him three times, then left him, and went on. Not finding him come I went as far as Finsbury-square, but could get no tidings of the box; I went to Stepney-green that evening - he had not returned. Next morning I gave information at the office, and he was apprehended on Saturday - this was on Thursday. I found two gowns, an apron, and a handkerchief at the pawnbroker's - that is all I have found - I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  FRANCES 
                  JONES
               



            . I was with my sister. The prisoner is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURSEY
               



            . I am a schoolmaster, and live at No. 56, Church-street, Mile End. On the 18th of November the prisoner brought a box to my house, and asked to leave it till he went home to tea. He came about eight o'clock, and said he wanted something out of it; he brought a young man with him, who he said was brother to the young woman that belonged to it. He said it was too late to take it home, but she wanted some things - he took it away next morning. I knew him before; his father is a respectable hair-dresser, and his brother once lodged with me.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday evening, the 21st of November. I found a prayer-book and bible at the pawnbroker's, and more things at Henry's, in Whitechapel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brice, pawnbroker, Wentworth-street, Whitechapel. On the 20th of November the prisoner pledged the prayer-book and bible.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into a public-house, and when I came out it was gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
