





404. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, a pig, value 21s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas George 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .
THOMAS GEORGE WILLIAMS. I live at Hackney


, and in consequence of having been repeatedly robbed of my poultry, and one thing or other. I sat up in an out-house on the night of the 10th, to protect my pigs. Unsuccessful attempts had been made to steal one the night before, and therefore I sat up, well armed with a loaded blunderbnss, a brace of pistols, and two or three swords. We went out at about twelve o'clock, and I ordered the doors to be bolted after we went out; and we went into a shed opposte the pig-stye. About a quarter before three o'clock I heard something, and on looking through a hole in the boards, I saw the prisoner in the yard by the pig-stye; and I suppose he was going to kill the pig. I then levelled my blunderbuss through the hole; I cocked the blunderbuss, and being in the dead of the night, it made a tick, which he heard and looked towards the shed. The moon shone full on his face, and I could distinguish his features plainly. He then stooped again, and as he rose I fired. I immediately ran out, but he had gone over a wall six foot high. Since that we have killed the pig, and he must have had it in his arms when I fired, as the pig was full of shot. If it had been on the ground, the shots could not have hit it for the stye. We found a bat shot through with shot.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOSTON
               



             sat up with the last witness and coroborated his account.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street; I and Fortune went to a house in Globe Fields, where we had information the prisoner was; and a woman told him that the officers were at the door, and he ran out behind, and we pursued and took him. His face was all black and a number of shot holes in it; and he then appeared to have been very much wounded. We asked him where his hat was, and he said, he left it in the garden where he had been shot.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
