





66. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CROMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, 5 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, and a 1 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thorn
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THORN
               



            . I a cheesemonger
, Broadway, Blackfriars


. On the 10th of October, about two in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop represented herself to be a cook in a gentleman's family at No. 50, Wood-street. She purchased cheese and butter to the amount of fourteen shillings and sixpence, and requested change for a two pound note. I laid the change for a two-pound note on the counter. The prisoner took it up. She said, my man was to go with her to get the two-pound note at her master's house, as she described it, and to take the butter and cheese. My man and the prisoner set off from my house. I expected my man to get the two-pound note. I saw them go out of my shop together. My man returned without the two-pound note.
Q. Was the woman brought back at the same time - A. No. I did not see the woman any more until I saw her at Hatton Garden office about six weeks after she got the money.
Q. Did you know her to be the woman that played you this trick - A. Yes. I knew her again. I have never got my money. My servants name is 
               
                  William 
                  Trip
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRIP
               



            . Q. Do you recollect this woman coming to your shop - A. Yes. I was to carry the cheese and butter that she had bought, the prisoner said, to No. 50, in Wood-street, and I was to receive a two-pound note back. The prisoner left me on Ludgate-hill; she told me that she was to go to the grocers to buy some tea and sugar, and she said she would overtake us.
Q. Was there anybody with you then - 
               A. 
            Yes, abutcher; he was to carry a piece of beef to No. 50. The prisoner never overtook us. I went to No. 50. I did not find the woman at all, nor did I get a two-pound note at No. 50.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. I apprehended the prisoner upon another charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I ask for mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
