





18. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously atealing, on the 10th of October
, one 10l. bank note, one 2l. bank note, and two 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hine
                  




               
            .
Mr. Gurney, stated this case to the Jury, as afterwards borne out in evidence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HINE
               



            . I am coachman
 to one of the Brighton coaches. On the 10th of October, I arrived at the Bull inn, Holborn


, at about five o'clock in the afternoon, as I got off my box in the yard, the prisoner accosted me; at that time, I was rather busy, and told him I would speak to him bye and bye. I then ran down into the tap, and somebody said, there is an old informer wants to speak to you. I took off my great coat, but did not see the prisoner in the tap at the time. I gave my coat to Andrews, telling him to take care of it, for there was something valuable in it. I then went to get a cup of coffee with a gentleman who asked me, and staid about twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour; after that, I felt in my great coat pocket, for I wanted a ten pound note out of it, and then I missed the notes.
Cross examined by Mr. Barry. At the time I told Andrews there was something valuable in my coat, I did not see the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I received from the last witness his great coat; I took it, and rolled it up, and laid it on a bench in the parlour, by the side of the clock; there was nobody in the room at that time but Dale, the prisoner. The people were mobbing him in the yard, saying he was an informer, and I took him to get a glass of gin, and to get him out of the row; I took him into the parlour, in which I had laid the great coat; I left him alone for about five minutes to enquire something about him; buton my return, he was gone, before Hine came.
Cross examined by Mr. Barry. I left the room for five minutes; whether any one else in that time went in, I don't know. When Hine told me to take care of his coat for something was in it, the prisoner was on my right hand. There was a great many people in the tap room, but there was none in this room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STANLEY
               



            . At that time I was landlord of the Bull inn, Holborn. I went into the room while Mr. Andrews and the prisoner was there; I saw the coat rolled up upon the bench by the clock. That is not a room where every one can go into; people might go from the tap into it; but certainly nobody did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAVANNAH
               



            . I lodged in Union-court, Holborn hill. The prisoner and his wife lodged in the same house with me. On the night of Tuesday, the 10th of October, the wife came to me in a hurry, she brought me a ten pound note and two one's, to know the amount of them.


                  SARAH 
                  LUNN
               



            . I lodged in the same house with the prisoner and his wife. Before the 10th of October, I had means of knowing that they had no money. Before the 13th, they purchased some new cotton at thirteen pence halfpenny per yard. Mrs. Dale said it was her money, and that she had taken it for her first husband's pension at Somerset House. The prisoner said that it was not hers, for it was his, and that he had a damned good run at a coachman for it, who owed him twenty pounds, and had paid him the best half of it.
Cross examined by Mr. Barry. I am not the wife of the last witness; but lodge on the same floor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Hatton Garden. I apprehended the prisoner on the 12th of October; I found a great many new things lying about on the floor. I searched the prisoner's wife, and found on her three pounds fourteen shillings. She would not know any thing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
