






857. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, four blankets, value 8s.; two sheets, value 4s., and one tea kettle, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Remmington
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .
GEORGE REMMINGTON. I keep the White Hart, in Brooks-market




. On the 4th of March I let the prisoners a furnished room - They said they were brothers. On the 9th of March they went out at ten o'clock in the morning, locked the room up, and fastened the shutters - They did not return. Next morning I had the room broken open, and found the articles stated in the indictment gone-the room was stripped, excepting the bed. About six weeks after I met Webb selling pearl-ash in Holborn, secured him, and asked him where his brother was? he said he had none - I am sure he is the man. He said if I would let him go he would pay for the property. I let the lodging to them as two brothers.


                  EDWARD 
                  EYLES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Remmington. On the 4th of March the prisoners took the room at 4s. 6d.per week. On the Monday following they came and had a quartern of gin, said they were going out, and would pay when they returned - They never returned. Next morning we broke the door open, and missed the property. I took Smith at Holloway.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISTLETON
               



            . I am an officer. Webb was given into my charge. He said if the things were gone Smith must have taken them, and that he worked at Holloway. They charged each other with it. Smith said he neither knew the house nor the prosecutor. When he saw Eyles he said he knew it, but had nothing to do with it.
EDWARD READ. I was with Thistleton - He has spoken correctly. They both offered to pay for the property to be let loose.
SMITH'S Defence. I went out, returned about half-past eleven, and could not get in. I never had the property.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
