





574. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GRANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Bilby
                     



                  , two 10 l. bank-notes, a 2 l. bank-note, and seven 1 l. bank-notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davidson
                        




.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a sailor
. On the 24th of last month I was going home, to Berkeley-square, to a house where I lodged. I met with the prisoner. I went with her to a house, No. 10, Charles-street, Drury-lane


. When I went into the house she told me, the bed would cost four shillings; I gave her a five shilling and sixpenny piece, out of my pocket; afterwards I asked, what would be the demand for sleeping with her: she told me, there was no occasion for that; it should be settled for in the morning. In the morning, when I awake, she was gone, with all my money, and my silk handkerchief.
Q. Where was your money - A. In my pocketbook, in my jacket pocket, and my jacket was under the pillow, under my head. In the morning I got up; I inquired of the landlady, where the young woman was that I had come in with last night. She said, she did not know; she would inquire. I told her all my money was gone. The landlady searched the room.
Q. What was the money - A. Two ten-pound notes, a two-pound note, and seven one-pound banknotes.
Q. Did you ever find any of your money - A. Two pounds the magistrate gave to me, at Bow-street, to pay my expenses, as I had no money.
Q. Are you sure that she is the woman - A. Yes, I am sure she is the woman.
Q. Were you sober - A. I was a little merry. I was sensible. I am sure she is the woman.
FRANCES BILBY. I and my husband keep the house, No. 10, Charles-street, Drury-lane. I let the rooms all out, ready furnished.
Q. Do you remember this young woman coming there - A. Yes; about a month ago.
Q. Who did she come with - A. Her husband, she told me. I know nothing further than, that she occupies the room that the prosecutor was robbed in. She lodged with me not quite a month.
JAMES SMITH. I am an officer. I had information of the robbery. In the morning I took the prisoner in custody. On my bringing her along, she put her right hand into her pocket, and took out this Morocco case. I thought she was going to drop it. I took it out of her hand, and brought her to Bow-street office. I searched the case; in it I found two ten-pound bank-notes and one two-pound.
Prosecutor. I can swear to one of the ten-pound notes; it has a blue mark. I do not know the number.
Prisoner's Defence. Last Wednesday, was a week, I was going home. I was going home in the morning, between two and three o'clock. I met that man: he asked me, where I was going. I said, home. I went home, and took a candle with me. He said, could I get any thing to drink. I said, yes. I took a bottle and got a quartern of rum. He asked me, if I should like to go on board a ship. I said, yes. He took out a pocket-book, and two watches. He told me, if I wanted any thing he had plenty of money. He said, how much will get your clothes. I said, about three pounds. He said, take all; buy what you want, and take care of the rest. He said, take care of the money, and make haste back. I went to Westminster, and spent four pounds buying me things. I was coming home with the two ten-pound notes: if I had intended to rob him, I could have taken the two watches. He was very tipsy.
Q. to prosecutor. Is this true, that you gave her the money to rig herself out with - A. No.




               GUILTY
            , aged 27,
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
