





960. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously secreting and stealing, twenty pounds, on the 19th of March, 1814
, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , he being her clerk
 and servant

. Other counts, only varying the manner of laying them.


                  MARGARET 
                  GORDON
               



            . I carry on the business of a silversmith
 in the Strand


. The prisoner had the whole management of the business. He had one hundred and fifty pounds a year, with his board and lodging. He left me, and on his return in 1812, he did not lodge in my house. He absconded on the 12th of April last. The next time I heard of him, was by a letter, but I don't know the date, He absconded in consequence of my finding fault with the manner in which he had disposed of some money which he had been paid for some goods. He kept my accounts, and used to shew me every day by the account, the money which he had received; I found an entry of twenty pounds in cash received, but no account given of it in the books. It was his duty to account for it, if he had received it.


                  ROBERT 
                  DEBENHAM
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Machin. On the 19th of March, 1814, I see by my books, that I paid a sum of twenty pounds, on account of Mrs. Gordon. I don't know how I paid it but I know it was in Bank notes. It was paid to the prisoner.
Cross examined by Mr. Gurney. I do not speak from my recollection of having paid this money, but from an entry in my book. We now have goods in our hands of the prisoners. Here is the entry in the day book, and here is the entry in my ledger.
Q. How do you know that you did not pay the twenty pounds to Mrs. Gordon herself - A. I don't recollect ever paying any to Mrs. Gordon; it was not customary.


                  Margaret 
                  Gordon
               



            . My business was entirely in the management of the prisoner.
Cross examined. If a payment was to be made up, the prisoner had to make up the money, and if he could not make up enough, he was to apply to me. He has now some little money due to him as salary.Sometimes he used to pay himself; but he then would so account for money.
(A letter was now read, signed by the prisoner, and addressed to the prosecutrix, confessing his guilt, and hoping for mercy.
Prisoner's Defence. From my earliest youth my exertions have been devoted for the prosecutrix The reason I parted from her, in 1812, was owing to some disgusting treatment I received from her husband's executors. When I returned, I had the absolute controul of her affairs, with the expectation of being taken into partnership, and was told to supply myself with my salary, from the money that came into my hands.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Simon 
                  Le Blanc
               



            .
