





1216. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     COBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and maliciously, by fraud, taking and carrying away a certain male child under the age of ten years (to wit, of the age of four months), with intent to deprive 
                     
                        William Joseph 
                        Canning
                     



                   and Sarah his wife (the parents), of the possession of the said child
            .
SOPHIA CANNING. I am twelve years old. On the 16th of August
, I was in Kensington, with my brother, in the street - a little girl spoke to me, and called me
"Can," the prisoner came up to me, and said, let me see what is your name, Can? she said my mother said she should be glad to see her when she had time, and that I could go faster than her and she would hold the child till I returned, and to tell my mother her name was "Miss Hose," and to bring my mother there to see her - I went to my mother who lives in South-end-lane, Kensington, just by; I returned and found the prisoner and child gone - I had been gone about a quarter of an hour - We was near Mr. Rodger's house when she spoke to me. I am positive theprisoner is the same, and described her to the people, as having a defect in one eye, and being marked with the small-box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rodgers, of Kensington. On the 16th of August, enquiry was made about the child, I remembered seeing the prisoner cross the road opposite our shop, she looked through the window as if she wanted to buy something, she had no child with her then - She threw up her veil - I observed her features, which were remarkable-she walked backwards and forwards for about five minutes at the window - I saw her talking to two little girls, one of whom had a child, after that she came to the window with the same child, moistened a bit of bread in her mouth, and fed it. I am positive she is the woman-in a quarter of an hour I saw the child's parents and told them.


                     SARAH 
                     CANNING
                  




               
            . I am the mother of the child, which was three months and a half old at the time it was stolen; my daughter had it out - She came to me - I went into the street to look for the person, she was gone. My husband went in pursuit of the child, it was a boy. I had no acquaintance with the prisoner - I never saw her before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOSEPH CANNING
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness, I went in pursuit of the child, from information which I received; I got Ruthven's assistance, and found the prisoner, on Wednesday the 19th; the officer brought the prisoner and child to me; I took the child out of the prisoner's arms and knew it again directly; it was almost famished for want, and appeared not likely to live; my daughter knew it again immediately; while the cart was coming along, she called out, that the prisoner was the woman. I never saw the prisoner before.
GEORGE RUTHVEN. I am an officer of Bow-street. I went to Alresford, to West District Common, about six miles from Alresford, and found the prisoner there; I had learnt her name, and said,
"Well Eliza, how is the child,"(she had it with her), she said it was very well; I asked her how old it was, she said a month; I asked her if she suckled it, she said her milk was gone. I asked her how she came to take the child away from the girl at Kensington, she said she did not, it was her own. As we came along, she wanted to know what I knew about it, and said, if it is not mine, whose is it; I told her she had taken it from Kensington, she said, "yes I did; I have not hurt it, and hope its parents will not hurt me." I took her in a cart to the public-house; the father and mother knew it again; the little girl pointed the prisoner out at Alresford, and said she was the woman. The child was very bad.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked the little girl for the child, and she gave it to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
