





422. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORTHEM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
, a snuff-box, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        Abbara 
                        Richardson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ABBARA RICHARDSON. On Thursday night the 23d of May, I was sitting in the pit at the Opera-house


, about half-past ten, one of the officers came and asked me if I had lost any thing, I answered no. He came to me a second time, and asked me the same question, I put my hand to my pocket, I found I had lost my snuff-box; it was a silver gilt one. I followed the crowd, and the officer held up the snuff-box, I knew it to be mine.
Mr. Alley. You had been some time at the Opera. - A. Yes, I had just come out of the boxes.
Q. You were sitting by the railing. - A. Yes, a good way from the officers.
Q. Was not the house very full. - A. It was remarkably thin at that time.
Q. Can you say whether your pressing against the railing might not have turned the snuff-box out of your pocket. - A. I did not perceive the man take it, I cannot say whether it fell out of my pocket by rubbing against the rails or no.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am an officer, I was attending in the pit of the Opera-house, I observed the prisoner on the left hand side of the pit.
Q. Had you ever seen him before. - A. No, not to my knowledge, I saw him place himself behind a gentleman who was sitting at the end of one of the seats, I saw the prisoner put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, but he did not succeed there, I was close behind the prisoner at the time, he then removed to the right hand seat of the centre of the pit, there he attacked another gentleman's pocket, he removed again, and as he removed I removed behind him, I immediately touched Humphrey's, my brother officer to follow him. He then went and placed himself behindthe prosecutor, Mr. Richardson. The prisoner then got as close against the rails as he could, he then cast his eyes downward, I saw him put his hand into Mr. Richardson's pocket, and as soon as he got the property he turned round directly.
Q. Did you happen to see the property in his hand. - A. Not exactly at that time, I was perfectly satisfied that he had got something. I told Humphreys to ask Mr. Richardson if he had not had his pocket picked, I followed the prisoner, Humphreys came after me and said no, he had lost nothing, I insisted upon Humphreys going back again to Mr. Richardson, as I was sure he had something, and by that time the prisoner had got into the watercloset, I followed him into the watercloset, there I saw him looking at something, I could not see what it was, he dropped his hand very quick the moment he saw me, I returned out to see if I could see Humphreys, Humphreys came running and said the gentleman had lost his snuff box, then the prisoner was just going into the pit again. When he got into the pit I saw Humphreys had got hold of the prisoner's hands, I assisted Humphreys in bringing him out of the pit, and in his left hand side coat pocket I pulled out the snuff box, I held it up and called out for the owner, the prosecutor came forward and said it was his box. We immediately took the prisoner off to St. Martins watch-house. This is the snuff box.
Prosecutor. It is my box, I missed it out of my pocket upon being informed the second time.
Prisoner. At Bow Street Nicolls did not swear that he saw me put my hand into his pocket.
Court. I have the depositions here, and if you like to have them read you shall. - A. I should wish it.
The Depositions read. The said 
               
                  William 
                  Nicolls
               



             says he was in the pit of the Opera-house last night for the purpose of finding out and detecting pickpockets - That Humphreys was with the informant, who now says, that he saw 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Northam
               



             put his hand into a gentleman's pocket but did not take any thing out. He then went to the right hand side of the pit, and was followed by the informant; he then stood up against a gentleman who was standing against the rails, he put his hand into the right hand pocket of the gentleman and then went away, the informant desired Humphreys to go to the gentleman and ask him if he had lost any thing, Humphreys returned and said there was nothing gone, informant being sure he had taken something desired Humphreys to go to the gentleman in the pit again, and he the informant followed him into the water closet, he saw him looking at something and he put his hands down directly, and as soon as the prisoner went into the pit again, Humphreys took hold of his hands and the informant found the snuff-box in the right hand pocket of the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I was along with Nicolls in the pit, Nicolls informed me what he saw the prisoner do, I followed the prisoner down to the right hand of the pit till he came to the prosecutor, then he stood close behind him close to the railings of the pit, I observed him busy doing something, he put his left hand round the railing, and then his right, I was within a yard behind him, there were no one between us, he remained there about a minute, he looked round towards me, I had a glass at my side, I looked with my right eye on the stage, and looked at him with my left eye, I observed him put his hand into his pocket, I could not see what he had in his hand at the time, then he made off; he never stooped down so as to pick up any thing, any other way than to put his hand between the railings, I kept my eye upon him. After I apprehended the prisoner, on our going to the watch-house, I said a respectable man like you, how came you to be guilty of this; he said it was the first thing he ever did in his life, I replied it is the first time that you were catched doing it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never said such a thing. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I stand here accused of a crime, which my situation in life, and the support I ever had from my business, always precluded me from want. I could have no motive whatever in the world for doing it. I came out of the boxes into the pit, and when I saw that box lay down, I took it up, I thought it belonged to Mr. Smith, a surgeon. I went into the water-closet, not with intent to look at the box, but with another motive. When I came out of the water-closet I went into the pit, to look for the gentleman that I thought owned it. Had I stolen it I should have made off with it. This officer says he followed me, how could he follow me, I never was a thief and this gentleman, Mr. Smith, he has been here all to day and yesterday, he has been gone away I believe an hour, he thought my trial would not come on; if he had been here to day, and had shown his box, you would have seen how much they were alike. Still I believe there will be enough witnesses called, whose words will go further than a Bow-street officer's. I believe my Lord you know that Bow-street officers is not very nice in what they say.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
