





1133. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, two seals, value 30s.; one key, value 5s., and one chain, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Millner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLNER
               



            . I am a surgeon
. On the 8th of September, about a quarter after nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Leadenhall-street; as I was returning home, just by St. Mary Axe


, the prisoner ran out of the end of the street, seized hold of my watch-chain and seal, and endeavoured to draw my watch out, but finding he could not, he made a violent jerk, which severed the chain and seals off; I called out to my wife that he had robbed me-she gave the alarm and followed him; on turning round to follow her, a person came behind and gave me a violent blow on my neck, which knocked me into the road - I saw no more of the prisoner until he was taken; he was searched and some snuff found on him, at the watch-house, screwed up in a paper. I am sure the prisoner is the man who took my watch-chain and seals. I saw him plainly, and can swear to him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. He came before me, my wife was behind; it lasted full two minutes before he could get the chain off; I am sure he is the man. My property was found.
FRANCES MILLNER. I am the wife of the last witness. I was walking about two yards behind him, he called out that he was robbed; I saw the prisoner run from him - I pursued and never lost sight of him until he was secured.
Cross-examined. There were not many people about. I am sure he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  KELTING
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 8th of September I was in Leadenhall-street. About a quarter after nine o'clock, I heard a cry of stop thief; I ran up and met the prisoner running towards me in the road; I tried to lay hold of him, he struck me on the head, I struck him on the back and seized him. Just as as I had got hold of him a person came behind and struck me on the nose - I kept my hold; while I was in the act of striking the man the prisoner got away. I pursued, he knocked down a boy-he was stopped. I never lost sight of him. About a quarter before ten o'clock I picked up a broken seal, and the next morning I found the ring near the spot where the robbery was committed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
