





662. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of May
, one silver watch, value 50 s. one jacket, value 2 s. one pair of shoes, value 2 s. a bank note, value 2 l. and one bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Richad 
                  Harlock
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HARLOCK
               



            . I am a lighterman and bargeman
.
Q. When did you lose these things - A. On Monday, the 1st of May, they were on board the barge, laying at Johnson's wharf


; I went on board at nine o'clock at night, on Monday, and went to bed on the Monday. I called my boy to get up; he got up, and look for his shoes, but could not find them; the boy said I cannot find them master; I went up on deck; he told me there was a pair of muddy shoes; my clothes were gone, two bank notes; they were laying by the side of my bed.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner - A. I went to Shadwell office, and there received the information.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I had a watch pledged with me, on the 2nd of May, by a young woman, by the name of H. Huggins.



                  HANNAH 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . This young man lodged with me a fortnight; he slept out all night, and came home about four o'clock in the morning, and said, that he had been gambling, and won the clothes, a watch, and a one-pound note.
- MORRIS. I am an officer. I received information on the 2nd of May; I took the prisoner in custody; he denied having stole the things, said, he had won them a gambling, he said, he had won the clothes in the raffle and watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
