






634. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     M'CARTHEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     CROSS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morrison
                        




                     
                  , 25l. in Bank of England notes, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am a seaman
. I received these notes from Mr. Hacket's, in Birchin lane, on the day in the indictment. The two prisoners got along with me, and staid with me all day. I got rather forward in liquor, and they called a coach for me, and I requested that I might be driven to the Brown Bear, in Bow street, where I had lodged, and where I owed a score; but instead of being driven there, I was driven to the house of the female prisoner, in Gravel-lane; she represented the other prisoner to be a lodger of her's. I was intoxicated; but had my recollections about me. They twice attempted to take my money away from me by force; but they did not succeed. I wanted to go down into the cellar at about eight o'clock in the evening and the female prisoner lighted me down. While I was down, the man cried out put out the light, and take the money from him; but I walked up stairs, keeping my hand on my money. I then said, I would go home; they then collared me, and insisted that I should not go, and they took me into the Red Lion, in Gravel-lane


, to have something to eat, and a pot of beer, and they said, they would leave me then. While I was there waiting for something to eat, for which I had sent out one of the party, the female prisoner put her hand into my bosom, and whipped the money out; I immediately caught her hand, and gave her a chuck with my elbow; she dropped the notes, and the other prisoner whipped them up, and went off. He came in again in about half an hour, and on my acousing him, he threw all his clothes off, and insisted on being searched; I never got a note back again.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEMMINGWAY
               



            . I was the landlord of the Red Lion at the time of this business. I did not see what passed. I heard the prisoner M'Carthy, say, that this man says he is robbed, if there has been a robbery, I insist on being searched; I would not search him, I refused. Cross asked me to call my wife, and have her searched also. M'Uarthy then came into the middle of the room, and pulled off all his clothes. I told him, if the bird was flown, it was no use to look in the cage for it. They were then taken to the watchhouse.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JEFKINS
               



            . I am a ship-mate of the prosecutor. I went with him to receive this pay, and prize money, and I wanted to go with him to take care of him seeing he had got into bad company, but when he got into the coach with the prisoners, he would not let me go any farther; so I left him.
The prisoners each in their defence denied the charge.
M'CARTHY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
CROSS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
