





1286. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 31 plates, value 7 s.; one soup-ladle, value 18 d.; four sauce-ladles, value 1 s.; one tea-cup, value 3 d.; six saucers, value 1 s.; one water-craft, value 3 s.; four cruets, value 16 s., and one tumbler, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Josiah 
                     Spode
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Copeland
                  



               
            .


                  JOSIAH 
                  BINION
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Spode
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Copeland
               



            . In August last, I observed a woman in Oxford-road exposing china and earthenware for sale. Something about it attracted my notice, and from the conversation I had with her, I was induced to examine the plates, and found my master's name on them - I informed my father. The woman lived at No. 9, White Hart-yard - the prisoner was in our employ.


                  WALTER 
                  BINION
               



            . I have been 35 years in the prosecutor's service. On the 7th of September, in consequence of what my son informed me, I went to Oxford-street, and saw the woman - she said her name was Wilson, and with some trouble I got from her, that she lived at No. 9, White Hart-yard, Drury-lane - Tilley keeps the house. I went with Perry to search that lodging about a quarter before nine o'clock in the morning; the prisoner was at the warehouse at the time. I went to the front garret, found the same woman there, and said we were come for more plates, the same as we had bought of her in Oxford-road - she said she had more. I found all this property there, and bought it of her for 12 s. 6 d.; it was the property of Messrs. Spode and Copeland, and has their name on it. I bought 48 plates of her, and found 31, and these things at her lodgings. The water-craft I know by a flaw, and the plates also - we never sold any of that pattern. I could not bring them all away at once, and on going a second time, I found them removed. We apprehended the prisoner at the warehouse, and asked him where he lived? He at first refused to tell the officer. Mr. Copeland then asked him, and he said, at No. 9, White Hart-yard, in the garret, and said he had a wife and two children - he was taken to the office. I keep the keys of the warehouse, and am always there the first and the last. The prisoner always came first, and went to work immediately.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. How long was he in your service - A. Eleven months - we took him out of charity. We sell all our damaged goods to one man, but these are not damaged.


                  PETER 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am an officer. I accompanied Binion to the house - he has spoken correctly.


                  THOMAS 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I keep the house, No. 9, White Hart-yard. The prisoner occupied the front garret - the woman there was his wife.
Prisoner's Defence. I have dealt in china and glass ever since 1802, and have frequently dealt with the prosecutors. When I found they kept me in their employ, I sold off my stock at reduced prices - I never robbed any man.


                  WALTER 
                  BINION
               



             re-examined. Here is a soup-dish among the things, which has not been made above four months. We made these articles.
MR. POTTER. I am in the prosecutor's house. I once sold the prisoner a dish, but nothing else.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
