





290. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STOTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of April
, 2 trusses of straw, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mellish
                  




               
            , esq.


JONATHAN DRAYTON, I am a servant to Mr. Mellish. On the 2d of April I missed some tare straw; I could not tell how much was gone, I had seen it there the night before. When Mr. Hewittson came down I told him, I missed it about half after six o'clock in the morning, it was tied up with hay-bands.
Q. Where was the prisoner at work. - A. At Mr. Cobbett's. On Thursday I missed the straw, and on the Monday I saw it at Mr. Mons's the magistrate; the prisoner was then in custody; It was Mr. Mellish's straw.
Jury. How do you know that be Mr. Mellish's straw - A. Because it was like the other, and tied up with hay-bands. We lost some straw from Mr. Mellish's barn, and the straw I found I believe it to be Mr. Mellish's


                  JOHN 
                  HEWITTSON
               



            . I am Bailiff to Mr. Mellish. On Monday the 2nd of April I went to the barn. I saw there had been some straw tumbled about, I traced the straw across the yard over some hurdles, and across the next field adjoining the yard, and across the next field into the foot-path; I traced it into Enfield Town to the prisoner's door, and I found the straw in the back part of the prisoner's house.
Q. Was the prisoner at home - A. No, his wife was. I examined the straw, I believe it to be that taken from Mr. Mellish's barn. I saw the prisoner after he was taken; he said he found it under an elm tree, and he took it home, I went to the elm tree, and there was no appearance of straw having been there.


                  JOHN 
                  PHIPLEY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner. I found him at work at the plough for Mr. Corbett of Berry-street Enfield. As soon as he saw me he left the plough and ran off; I pursued him, a gentleman, on a horse stopped him and I took him into custody he said d - n them I shall fling them now.
Q. Had you told him what you had taken him up for - A. No, he said he found it under the great elm tree.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the straw going to my work.



               GUILTY
             aged, 46
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
