





505. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of May
, a bank dollar, value 5 s. 6 d. eight three-shilling bank tokens, twenty-four shillings, and a key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cate
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CATE
               



            . I am a milkman
; I live at 13, Hungerford-street, Commercial-road. In the afternoon of the 15th of May, I had a brother-in-law came out of the country; he stopped with me at my house. When my brother-in-law said he was going home, (he lived in Swallow-street,) I went with him part of the way home. I parted with him in Middle-row, Holborn. As I was returning along Newgate-street, my hands were cold; I put them into my breeches pockets; I met the prisoner at the end of Foster-lane


, she laid hold of my arm, and wished me to go home with her; I refused to go with her. I felt the prisoner's hand at my pocket; she ran away. I then suspected she had got something from me; I felt in my pocket, and perceived all my money gone in my pocket; I had a five-shilling and sixpenny dollar. I missed all the money I have put in the indictment, and the key of my chest. As soon as the prisoner went from me, I stepped sharp after her, and catched her; I said, you huzzy, you have robbed me of my silver, and likewise my key; she threw down the key, and said pick it up; there is your key. I then said, if you do not give me up my silver, I'll charge the watch with you; she said with an oath, she would not. The watchman came up, and said, you huzzy, you will not leave off your old tricks. I told him what I had lost, and gave charge of her.
Q. Did you see her searched - A. When we came to the watch, I went back to the spot, and found my key in the spot where I supposed she had thrown it down. When I went back to the watchhouse, they told me they had searched her; they produced ten shillings to me; among the shillings was one shilling that I knew; it had two dots in it. I lost more than ten shillings. They searched her again, and found three three-shilling pieces in her stays. I desired them to search her again; they said she behaved so rough they could not search her. Before she was searched I said I could be positive to one shilling.


                  HENRY 
                  HURRY
               



            . I am street-keeper of Newgate-street. Near upon twelve o'clock, the prisoner was brought into the watchhouse, charged by William Cate of robbing him of forty shillings. Cate appeared a little fresh; he was perfectly collected, and had his senses about him. I knew the prisoner as soon as she came in. I said I must search you. She pulled nine shillings out of her pocket, and a purse with duplicates in it. The prosecutor said he should know one of the shillings; he picked out one of them; before I searched her again, she snatched the shilling off the table that the prosecutor knew; I took it from her; and upon searching her further, I found three three-shilling pieces in the lining of her stays. Shewas so abusive, I did not search her further. There was nothing further found. This is the shilling the prosecutor picked out.
Prosecutor. I can say with certainty this is one of the shillings that was taken out of my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave me that shilling to look for the key.
Prosecutor. This is the key; it was in my breeches pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  GILL
               



            . I am a constable. At the watch-house the prisoner said the prosecutor gave her that shilling to have connection with her.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
