





1055. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SLATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, one watch, value 1l.; one seal, value 6d.; one key, value 3d.; and one 3s., bank token
            , the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Young
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a hatter
, and live in Wood-street, Cheapside. On the 1st of June, about twelve o'clock at night, a woman accosted me - I went home with her, immediately after the prisoner came into the room, I sent the woman out for something to eat, she returned - I paid 4s., for the expences, the other woman went out of the room; the prisoner remained - I had put my watch under the pillow, and my clothes on the chair; the prisoner sat by the bed-side, in a moment she went towards the door and run down stairs, I immediately missed my watch, and run after her; I caught sight of her at the top of the court; I called out watch, several times-it was in Georgeyard, Golden-lane; I found the prisoner and watch at the watch-house - I picked her out from three others. I did not give it to her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of "stop thief! she has got my watch," I saw the prisoner run out of George-yard, across Golden-lane, into Cupid's-court, which has no thoroughfare, I followed and secured her - I charged her with stealing a watch, she said she had no watch - I found it in her hand - She wished to go back and give it to the man - I would not let her. I went to George-yard, and saw the prosecutor - he came to the watch-house and picked her out from three others; his name was on the watch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
