





332. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of January
, a ream of paper, value 4 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ramsey
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gray
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DOUTHWAITE
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sills
               



             and Co. I saw the prisoner bring the paper from the Three Crains wharf, at the bottom of Queen-street


, on the 24th of January, a little after four in the afternoon; I saw him bring it from the wharf and throw it into a cart instantly; I stepped up to him, and asked him what that paper was; he told me it belonged to the carman. I enquired of the carman if that paper belonged to him; the car-man said he knew nothing about it; the prisoner was bye. I then took hold of the prisoner, and secured the property.
Q. Do you know whose property it was - A. It was in Mr. Sells and Company's care. I stowed it by for them myself; they must make it good.


                  RALPH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a porter. I saw the prisoner heave the paper into the cart, and before that he went into the warehouse unknown to me; I locked the warehouse door, and in five or six minutes after, I went to open the door, the prisoner came out; I said to the prisoner, I beg your pardon, I did not know you were there or else I would not have locked the door.
Q. Did you see him bring any thing out of the warehouse - A. No, he brought it from off the wharf and put it into the cart; I saw him threw it into the cart.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNN
               



            . On Tuesday, the 24th of January, I went with a load of wool to the Three Cranes wharf at the bottom of Queen-street; after I had unloaded it, I turned my cart round to draw off; I went away to my horse, one of Mr. Munn's bottle waggons drawed in, and stopped me; one of these porters said carman, do you know any thing of this paper; I said no, I have just unloaded; I had nothing in my cart; I know nothing about the paper.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Sills and Company. I can swear to the property; it is the same paper that was entrusted into our care; I know it by the mark L. T. and a diamond, or a square; there were sixty-two reams of paper marked so in our care. This is one of them.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
