






841. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MERREDEW
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HURDSFIELD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 35 yards of flannel, value 35s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Humphrey 
                     Sexton
                  




               
            .
HUMPHREY SEXTON. I am a haberdasher
, and live in Bethnal-green-road


. On the 13th of April, about half-past seven o'clock at night, I was called down, and found my flannel taken from the door.


                  SARAH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I was coming from the mangler's, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner, Hurdsfield, take the flannel, and give it to Merredew - I called my master; I lost the men. I am sure Hurdsfield is one. I am not quite certain of the other.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a headborough of St. Luke's. On the 13th of April, I was standing in Golden-lane, about half-past eight o'clock at night, and saw the prisoners come down Cowheel-alley, into Golden-lane; Merredew had a bundle under his arm. I took Merredew, and asked him what he had got? he said it was flannel; it was rolled up in two aprons. He said, if I would go with him he would shew me where he got it from. I took him to the watch-house. Hurdsfield was outside the door; I sent for Prince. When he saw Prince he ran away; I took him about a fortnight after. I am sure he was with Merredew.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and found a knife on Merredew. As we were taking him to the watch-house, the gang came up and said, "I wish you luck!" and attempted to rescue him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HURDSFIELD'S Defence. I have not been to Bethnal-green-road these twelve months.
MERREDEW'S Defence. A gentleman gave it to me to carry to Aldersgate-street.
MERREDEW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
HURDSFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
