






832. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hastings
                        




                     
                  , (no person being therein) about eight o'clock in the forenoon of the 17th of May
 and stealing therein one watch, value 3 l., and 9 d. in monies numbered
            , his property.


                  EDWARD 
                  HASTINGS
               



            . I live in Horns-alley, Liquor-pond-street


. On the 17th of May, in the morning, I went to the corner of the alley - I am sure I shut the door after me. I returned in about five minutes, and saw the prisoner, Porter, come out of the yard before my door, Price stood at the gate - something passed from one to the other. I went into my house, missed my watch off the shelf, ran into the alley, found Porter coming out of the next house, and charged him with taking my watch, he denied it. I found Price at the bottom of the stairs in that house. I am sure they are the same boys. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Rice
               



             produced my watch to me. I kept Price.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ANN 
                  RICE
               



            . I live next door to Hastings. I found the watch on my stairs. Both the prisoners were strangers to me, and had no business in my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I apprehended Porter.
PRICE'S Defence. I went to Rice's to buy dogs' meat.
POTTER'S Defence. I was on an errand.
PRICE - GUILTY. Aged 15.
PORTER - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
