





602. 
               
                  UDEN 
                  JOSEPH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house or 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wrighton
                        




                     
                  , about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 24th of March
 (no person being therein), and stealing three sheets, value 7 s. 6 d.; two shirt-bodies, value 7 s.; four pair of stockings, value 4 s.; three pair of shoes, value 8 s.; two knives, value 1 s., and one petticoat, value 18 d.
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WRIGHTON
               



            . I lodge at Harrow


 in Mr. Hope's house, - he lives in it. On the 24th of March, I lost this property - it was found on the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  WRIGHTON
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. On the 24th of March, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went out, and returned about five o'clock in the afternoon. I found the window and door broken open - my drawers also forced open, and all this property gone. I had locked every thing up before I went out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREENHILL
               



            . I am a farmer. On the 24th of March, I was going to Harrow, and met the prisoner. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and was asked if I had met anybody? I returned and overtook him on the Harrow-road with a bundle on his back, containing the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODSDEN
               



            . I pursued after the prisoner, secured him with the bundle, and found the prosecutor's shoes on his feet - he had left his own in the house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man, who gave me the bundle.
GUILTY. Aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
