






1408. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  HAWTHORN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, four pokers, value 1l. 14s.; four shovels, value 1l. 14s., and four pair of tongs, value 3l. 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Downer
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DOWNER
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live in Fleet-street


. The prisoner, Riley, lived two years as porter
 with me-Hawthorn is a stranger. On the 5th of October I gave him leave to go to Gravesend, and to return next day. On Tuesday morning Armstrong brought a shovel, which I knew to be mine. I went to his house, and saw the articles stated in the indictment, which are my property. Riley never returned - He was taken on the Thursday following.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAVAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Downer. Armstrong brought a shovel, which I knew to be my master's. Riley never bought it.


                  ROBERT 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Baldwin's-gardens. On the 3d of October, the prisoner, Hawthorn, came to my shop with the articles stated in theindictment, and said he brought them from Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



            ; that he was occasionally his porter, and used to carry goods home for him. He said he was to pledge the fire-irons for 3l., and was to redeem some clothes pledged before, and to give him the balance. I asked him where Smith gave him the irons? he said, at the Queen's-head, public-house, at the corner of Ormond-street. I asked him where his manufactory was? he, on the other side of Fleet-street. I told him to leave the fire-irons, and send Smith to me, as I did not like his story. In a few minutes the prisoner, Riley, came, whom I had known by the name of Smith. He appeared very much hurt at my detaining the fire-irons, and not sending the money by his porter as he desired. I asked him where he bought the goods, as I was not satisfied? he said he bought them of Mr. Livermore, an ironmonger, in Oxford-street, and he would bring me the bill and receipt on Monday morning, at twelve o'clock-this was on Saturday. He redeemed some clothes which he had pledged with me in the name of Smith. I kept the fire-irons. He did not come on Monday. I went to Mr. Livermore in consequence of what I heard - I went round to several shops, and among others to the prosecutor's, he claimed them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HAWTHORN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
