





287. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     BEDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, two hundred and sixty-four pieces of copper money, value 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Garrett
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am a tea-dealer and grocer
 in Bishopsgate-street


. The prisoner was my porter
. On Saturday evening, the 24th of February, after the prisoner was gone home I told the halfpence which were in the till, and left there thirty shillings. On Sunday morning the prisoner came as usual to take in a temporary watch-box which is at the door; I gave him the key of the shop for that purpose. After he had taken in the watch-box, I went into the shop and found a deficiency of the halfpence. I sent for a constable, the prisoner was searched, and there was found on him eleven shillings worth of halfpence. There was only eighteen shillings and eleven-pence remaining in the till; the money found on the prisoner and the money remaining in the till was all right but the deficiency of a penny. I do not account for the deficiency of the penny.
- FERNLEY. I am a servant to Mr. Garret, I assisted in counting up the half-pence on Saturday evening, the 24th of February, on Sunday morning I counted them again, there was a deficiency of eleven shillings and a penny: some of the half-pence I should know again which appear to be burnt, they are very black indeed.


                  CHARLES 
                  EMERY
               



            . I am a constable. On Sunday morning the 25th of February, I searched the prisoner in Mr. Garrets' parlour; his waistcoat pockets were nearly full of half-pence, and in his breeches pockets were the remainder. I laid the half-pence on the table, Mr. Garret was present: he said the deficiency was about eleven shillings. Mr. Garret asked the prisoner how he came to do it, he went down upon his knees and begged for mercy, and said it was the first time he had ever robbed him; he begged of me to intercede with Mr. Garret to send him to sea.
Q. to Mr. Garret, Is there any of the halfpence that you know - A. I do not know any of them myself, my servant knows them.
FERNLEY. I know these two half-pence, they were counted on the Saturday, they are black and appear to have been much burnt.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury before Mr. Recorder.
