





852. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     FARMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of October
, a silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ballard
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BAPTIST ZERO
               



            . I live at Mr. Ballard's coffee-house, the corner of Nassau-street


. On the 29th of Oct. the prisoner came in and called for a bason of soup, the other waiter brought him the soup; he had a silver spoon to eat the soup with. Before he had done eating the soup, I looked at him, I perceived he had been at our house before, I communicated it to the other witness and desired him to watch him; he supped the soup very slow; the prisoner left the house and the spoon was gone; I ran out of doors, I saw him running, I called out stop thief, he threw the spoon on the pavement; I laid hold of the prisoner and charged him with having stolen the spoon: I went after the spoon, a woman gave me the spoon, this is the spoon, I know it to be my master's.
Mr. Courtney. Q. Were you at this hotel - A. I was.
Q. What is the worth of the spoon - A. Eight or ten shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the coffee-house. I called for a bason of gravy soup, and paid the waiter for it soon after he brought it, not this waiter. There was another person at the lower end of the table, and when I had done eating the soup, I removed from the table to another table nearer the window to read the paper, leaving the bason and the spoon. When I quitted the room, there was one waiter standing about the center of the coffee-room, the other waiter I met on my descending the stairs; the person was a perfect stranger to me, sitting at the same table. I ate the soup. He left the room as soon as I left the room. I went towards Grafton-street. I heard the noise of stop thief, but could not distinguish from whence the sound proceeded, but supposing it camefrom King-street; I walked briskly up Hayes's-court to see what was the occasion of the call, the waiter came up, seized me by the collar, and said I had taken away the spoon; I was taken back to the coffee-house where I saw the master of the house, by hearing what I said he was disposed to let me depart, but was prevented by some gentlemen in the room; shortly after a woman came into the coffee-room and brought in a spoon, but whether that was the spoon that I was eating with I am totally ignorant. I solemnly declare I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
