





327. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 7th of March
, upon 
                     
                        
                           William Vernon 
                           George
                        




                     
                  , with an offensive weapon, namely, a pistol, did make an assault with a felonious intent, the goods and monies of the said William 
                     
                        Vernon 
                        George
                     



                   violently and forcibly from his person, and against his person to take
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  VERNON GEORGE
               



            . I am a glove-manufacturer
, and live near Worcester. This happened to me on the 7th of March, at about a quarter past one in the morning, I was in Fore-street, where I met the prisoner, and asked him to tell me the turning into Angel-street; he said, he was going into Cheapside, and as it would not be much out of his way, he would conduct me there. We went on until we came to the end of Lawrence-lane


, when the prisoner turned about, and presented a pistol to me, and demanded my money or my life. I sprang at him, and seized him by the collar; a scuffle ensued, and we both fell together; we had a scuffle on the ground, and then I cried out watch in the space of a minute, the watchman came up, and he said, I wanted to rob and murder him. I told the watchman he had presented a pistol to me, and wanted to rob me. An altercation took place, and a gentleman threw up a sash, and said, take them both into custody. I was then seized by two watchmen, and taken to the watchhouse, and the prisoner the same. The prisoner was searched, and I was searched likewise. While I was being searched, a watchman brought a pistol in, and another brought a paper of powder, which he said the prisoner threw out of his pocket. I said to the constable of the night, that I wished to send for a friend, with whom I had been spending the evening; he came, and I was liberated to appear the next morning, which I did.
Prisoner. Does the evidence you give now, correspond with that you gave at Guildhall?
Witness. I think I gave the same at Guildhall.


                  PETER 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a watchman of Cheapside. I heard a noise, and shortly after a cry of watch! murder! When I came up to the place, I found the prosecutor and the prisoner upon the ground, and when they got up, each charged the other. Mr. George charged the prisoner with wanting to rob him; and the prisoner charged the gentleman with wanting to rob and murder him. A gentleman opened a window, and said, take them both to the watchhouse. Three other watchmen had come to my assistance. We took them to the watchhouse; in going along, the prisoner dropped the bowl of a pewter spoon from his pocket; I also saw him drop a piece of paper, which was afterwards discovered to contain gunpowder; I did not pick it up, because I had hold of the prisoner. When they got to the watchhouse, they were both searched, but nothing found. I then went back to the place where they had been lying, and found a pistol, which I brought to the watchhouse, and gave to the constable of the night; it was loaded.

Prisoner. Were you the first that came up?
Witness. Yes.
Prisoner. What was cried first?
Witness. To the best of my recollection watch! was cried first.
Prisoner. When you came up, what hold had the gentleman of me?
Witness. He held you fast by the collar.
Prisoner. What did I say to you when you first came?
Witness. You said, the gentleman wanted to murder you or rob you.
COURT. Which gave the first charge?
Witness. The prisoner; he had hold of the prosecutor also.
Prisoner. Did you see me drop any thing; did you see the bowl of the spoon fall?
Witness. Yes.
Prisoner. Had you hold of me?
Witness. Yes; I on one side, and another watchman on another.
Prisoner. And how was there a possibility of my having the use of my hands, in the custody of two watchman?
Witness. We had only a hold of your collar.
GEORGE TAYLOR. Another watchman, corroborated the account of the last witness, and picked up the powder.
Prisoner. What did the gentleman say when he came to the watchhouse?
Witness. He said that if you would acknowledge your fault, as there was a God above, he would say no more about it; but if not, he would persist in the Law. The prisoner then wanted the gentleman to go side with him; but the gentleman said he would not, and whatever he had to say, he must say before faces, or he would not hear it.
Prisoner. Did not the gentleman say, that he could not say whether it was a pistol or not?
Witness. No; he distinctly said it was a pistol. When the prisoner was searched, a thimble was found upon him, and he exclaimed, a very pretty pistol indeed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Fore-street, in the morning, about one o'clock, to go to Old-street to sleep, and this gentleman came up, and asked me the way to Angel-street; I told him it was to the right of Wood-street, and I would conduct him to it. Just as I got into the dark place, the gentleman demanded my money or my life, and came close to me; I struck his hand, from which the pistol immediately fell, and he caught hold of my collar; I called out murder, and the watchman came up, and I gave charge of him. A gentleman from a sash said, take them both, and three watchman came up, and we were both taken to the watchhouse, and searched, and I had neither pistol or powder, nor had the gentleman who is my prosecutor; he sent for his friend, and was liberated, and they took charge of me; I was sent to Giltspur-street Compter, and afterwards sent here for trial.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
