






149. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GILVIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Meredith
                        




                     
                  , in the night time of the 1st of December
, with intent to steal, and stealing therin, two looking-glasses, value 2l. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the public office, Bow-street. I recollect meeting the two prisoners at about a quarter past six, on the evening of the 1st of December, in Play-house-yard; they had two looking-glasses, each carrying one. Frost was with me; he laid hold of Brooks, and asked him where he got the glasses, and he pointed to Gilvin, and said this is the person who employed me to carry them; I directly went and laid hold of Gilvin, and told Frost to keep fast hold, for I knew Gilvin. We took them into the public-house, and I searched Gilvin, and found on him a pair of gloves, and a pair of spectacles. I asked him where he got the gloves, and he said they belonged to himself; and the spectacles he could give no account of at all. We took them to Bow-street, where they were committed; and in coming across Spa-fields we heard of the robbery. We went to the prosecutor's house and there they gave an accurate description of one of the glasses.


                  JOHN 
                  FROST
               



            . I know nothing more than Wainright has said; only that I found on Brooks a gimblet, and a piece of chalk, with which the shutters were marked.


                  ELIZA 
                  SLACK
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Meredith, who lives at No,7. Lloyd's-row


. I saw the two glasses in his houss, at ten o'clock on Friday morning, and missed them about six in the evening; they were hung up by screws to the wall. The bottom sash of the windows was laid open at that time, and the parlour blinds laid open two; but the shuttets put to; any person could have got into the parlour by opening the sash. I had not seen the windows from teno'clock in the morning. until six in the evening. I won't say anything about the gloves, but I know the glasses to be my master's property, as well as the spectacles.
GILVIN, GUILTY, aged 20.
BROOKS, GUILTY,aged 20.




               Of stealing to the amount of 39s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
