






128. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HENRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of November
, one watch, value 2l., and one key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Lowrie
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MICHAEL LOWRIE. I am a labourer
. On the 2d of November I was going into the Nag's Head, public-house, in Tothill street


, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; I was going into the back room, and met the two prisoners in the passage; they kept pushing me - I asked them what it was for? - Henry whipped the watch out of my fob- the other prisoner said, "let him go." I did not know them before. I said I would not leave go, as they had my property - I brought them up to the bar, and called the publican - I told him that Henry had robbed me of my property as I was going up the passage-Walters tried to rescue him; I called the publican, and he laid hold of him. There was nobody else in the passage but the two prisoners - I got my watch in about five minutes.
JOHN CLARK. I am a publican. On the 2d of November, about half-past seven o'clock, the prisoners came into my house; the prosecutor came in a few minutes after - He called out that he had lost his property - I seized Henry, and asked him what he had been doing? I saw the watch in his hand - He tried to shuffle it under his clothes - He slipped it behind him. I held him till the officer came-the watch was picked up by another person; he begged of me to let him go; Walters was close to him.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  ROGERS
               



            . On the 2d of November I went into the house, and saw Henry, between the passage and the bar-the prosecutor said he was robbed. The landlord seized him - He said he 
               drew
             the watch out of his pocket - I found it on the ground.
RICHARD COX. I am a constable. I took the prisoner, Henry, into custody-Walters tried to rescue him; he said, "D-n me, you are not going in that way, are you?" Henry tried to get away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENRY'S Defence. I was going into the house, and saw the prosecutor - he said he was robbed, and seized me.
WALTERS's Defence. I saw Henry taken-next day they took me.
HENRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WALTERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
