





840. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ELLIOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, five hundred bricks, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  STARLING
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Scott
               



            , at Ball's Pond, Islington; the field is called North-field. When bricks are delivered to a customer, before delivery, we give a delivery note; that note is shewn to the kilnman; they come to our accompting-house, and take the delivery note; that note contains the quantity of bricks to be delivered.
Q. Who was the kilnman of that field - 
               A. Charles Tripp
            .
Q. Look at this note - A. This is a fictitious note; there is not the carter's name to it.
Q. Had the prisoner ever applied at your accompting-house for the delivery ticket - A. He came four several times for tickets, for other people, not for himself; there is no delivery tickets to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a ploughman and carter at Mr. Scott's premises.
Q. Do you recollect Trip - A. Yes; I recollect when he was dismissed, and I know Elliott; I saw his name upon the cart.
Q. On the week before Trip was dismissed, you were plowing in the field - A. I was. I plowed on the Monday, and on Thursday. On the Monday, I saw Elliott in the field; he came with a cart and one horse; he took the bricks from out of the field; Tripp, the kilnman, delivered them to him. I saw the prisoner load the cart, and I saw him take the bricks away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I am field clerk.
Q. Did you go down to Ratcliffe Layer with Goodwin - A. Yes; I examined the bricks on the prisoner's premises. I could form a judgment of their being made in Mr. Scott's mould, and I know them by their being made with coal-dust instead of ashes, and I found some others that were made in 1813.
Q. Had you in the field bricks of this years making - A. Yes, and in 1813. Balls Pond brick field is by the side of the road; some evil disposed person knocked the stock off the table; the moulder knocked the two nails out, and got two spikes with two large heads; that made the alteration in the stock; after that, all the bricks had the impression of the heads of the two spike nails; I found ninety-three thousand were missing; these bricks were about two pound a thousand; we had originally about four hundred thousands; we had two hundred thousand made last summer with that mark.


                  CHARLES 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I was kilnman at Mr. Scott's; he discharged me on the 7th of May.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  William 
                  Norris
               



             - A. Yes; I recollect his ploughing the field a week before I wasdismissed; while he was ploughing there, Elliot came with his horse and cart; he took away five hundred bricks from the kiln; I helped him to load them; he paid me two shillings a hundred,
Q. Did he bring any ticket with him - A. No; he must know they were stolen. Master sells them at four shillings a hundred. I was afterwards dismissed. I did not give any information of the robbery untill I was in custody myself.
Prisoner's Defence. I have carted bricks from Mr. Scott's fields five or six years. All that Tripp has been saying, is wrong. Shortly before Christmas, I carted three or four thousand bricks from the prosecutor's; I had tickets for them, and then Tripp told me if I wanted any more bricks, to come to the field, he was authorised to sell them. While the road was snowy, I had only a one horse cart; I could not go down the lane; I went afterwards for some bricks, and paid the whole value. I repeatedly asked Tripp for the tickets; if he did not make the return to the master, it was not my wish that he did not. Gentleman, if he is permitted to swear that I had the bricks for less than the value, I trust you will not think that I bought any bricks knowing them to be stolen.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
