





379. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NIX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, sixty pounds weight of lead, value 1 l. three brass locks, value 2 s, an iron range, value 50 s. and an iron stove, value 1 l. the property of the Rev.


                        Evans 
                        Jones
                     




                  , affixed to a certain house of his
            .
REV. EVANS JONES. I am a clergyman
, I have the lease of a house at Wilsdon


, On the 19th of January,it was untenanted; on that day, I was there in the morning, and saw the articles in the indictment affixed to the house, I was not present in the evening when the prisoner was seen on the premises.
MR. PHILLIPS. I am a son-in-law to the last witness. On the 19th of January, I went to the house in consequence of information; when I went into the house, I saw the kitchen range had been misplaced, it had been removed merely from the brick work. In consequence of what I then saw, I went again in the evening to the house; I went the back way, across the garden, there was a wheelbarrow standing at the back door, and the room door wide open; that door was fastened when I left it. I put my head, and one foot in the house, and then I saw the prisoner drawing the kitchen range along the passage; I am positive to the prisoner's person; I saw him quite plain, it was a beautiful moon light night; I went down the garden to get assistance. I returned, I saw the prisoner with the barrow; I catched hold of the prisoner; he struck me, but the next witness coming up, he gave over. I am sure the prisoner is the same man I saw with the barrow, and the same man I saw in the house, I swear positively to his person; the stove and the range were both standing down by the barrow.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I assisted Mr. Smith in apprehending the prisoner; the prisoner might be about twenty five yards from the premises when he was taken; I saw the man go out of the garden gate with the wheelbarrow; I saw the prisoner was the man; when I overtook Mr. Phillips, he had got hold of him by the collar with the wheelbarrow.


                  THOMAS 
                  TROYBECK
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was delivered into my hands. I found upon him three door keys, a screw driver, and five small keys, and the plate of a brass lock.
Prosecutor. I tried the plate to the brass lock, it belongs to the brass lock; this lock was not removed, when I was there in the morning the plate and key fits the lock; they are my property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REX
               



            . I keep a public house at Wilsdon. On the 18th of January, I saw the prisoner at my house, he put his hand upon my shoulder, he said he wanted to speak to me, he stood at the wash-house, he said the people had run away, and there was a parcel of people ransacking the house, and there was a nice little stove he would bring down to my house; I refused to let him, I said, I would not let him. I pursuaded him to go away, and if other people were rogues, I did not wish him to become one.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
