





336. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of January
, a lamp, value 7 s.
             the property of the 
               
Mayor, Commonality, and Citizens of London



            .
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, only stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Teague
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT, stating it, to be a lanthorn, instead of a lamp.


                  JANE 
                  HOW
               



            . I live in Cock-lane; my husband keeps a shop there: he keeps a coal shed, and deals in the brokery line. On Friday, the 13th of January, the prisoner came, he brought with him a glass lanthorn for sale: he said, I kept a coal shed he was going past, and as we sold coals he thought the lanthorn would be of use in our shop; I did not know the value of it; I said, I would give half a crown for it; the prisoner went out, and said he would not take it; he returned, and brought it in, said he must take it; I then gave him half a crown for the lamp, he left it; on Saturday morning we cleaned it, and put it out for sale. 
               
                  Michael 
                  Whale
               



             the lamp lighter came, I delivered the lamp to him.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WHALE
               



            . I am a lamp-lighter; I trim the lamp for Giltspur-street Compter. On the 13th of January last, I trimmed this lamp about two o'clock in the afternoon; I left it there; I went to Ely-place. I missed the lamp when I came to light it at four o'clock. On Saturday morning at four o'clock, I saw it at Mrs. How's, a broker's shop, in Cock-lane; Mrs. How gave it to the street keeper in my presence. This is the lamp, I know it myself very well it is of the value of seven shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  TEAGUE
               



            . I am keeper of Giltspur street Compter
. The lamp is the property of the Mayor, Commonality of the Citizens of London; we lost a lamp on the 13th of January, I believe this to be the lamp.
Prisoner's Defence. The lamp was given to me; I never was in that prison until I was taken there.
COURT. Q. to Mrs. How. What time of the day did he bring the lamp to you - A. About four o'clock.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
