





458. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 60lbs. of lead, value 5s., and one fixture, (that is to say) one copper, value 20s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same only stating them to have been fixed to a certain building.
ELIZA BROWN. I live at Kentish Town. The house No. 5, Devonshire-street, Queen-square


, is mine, it was unoccupied. The copper was safe on the 16th between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; I missed it the next morning.


                  ROBERT 
                  HORNSEY
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Monday the 17th of February, about ten minutes before seven o'clock in the morning, I was going to do some work at Mrs. Brown's house, No. 5, Devonshire-street. I put the key in the door, and found it unlocked, there was something behind it, I could not open it. I found two men behind the door with loads on their backs. I took hold of a man who dropped his load and knocked me down, and gave me a black eye. My fellow workman struck one of them a violent blow over his arm with his axe - They both ran away. The man pursued and brought the prisoner back. I believe the prisoner to be one of the men. He left his hat and knot in the house. When the prisoner was taken to the watch-house, he sent to the house for his hat. He had the copper on his head and some lead.


                  JOHN 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am a carpenter. I opened the door and found the prisoner, and another man, behind the door; the prisoner had the lead on his head. I struck one of them. They both rushed out. I pursued the prisoner and took him. I am sure the prisoner is the man. He asked me to let him go, and he tried to knock me down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two men took me to the house, and gave me the copper to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
