





242. 
               
                  ISRAEL 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a compass, value 5 l. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burley
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BURLEY
               



            . Q. Did you at any time lose a compass - A. Yes, I did. It was lost from my warehouse.
Q. When was the last time you had seen the compass in your warehouse - A. On the Wednesday, I think; on Thursday I learned it was gone.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner's house in Petticoat-lane, on Wednesday the 9th of February, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Did you see him - A. Yes, and there were three other persons that have been tried; they were charged with stealing sealing wax and pencils. I desired my fellow officer to secure the prisoners while I ran up stairs. I went up stairs; I found this compass up two pair of stairs. I took the prisoner up with me; I asked him how he came by it; he said he bought it the night before of a man for one pound. This is the compass.
Prosecutor. I am sure it is my compass; it was brought to my warehouse on Monday night; I saw it in my warehouse about twelve at noon on Tuesday. I removed the compass myself, and set it on a medicine chest in the middle of the warehouse. Mine is a wholesale warehouse; I sell nothing retail. This compass was for a ship of my own.
Prisoner's Defence. On Tuesday week a sailor came in; he asked me for a lodging; he had a box under his arm; he slept at my house that night; he paid me sixpence for his lodging. On Wednesday morning he asked me to let him leave this box, and on Wednesday the officer came and took me in custody.


                  MOSES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am the son of the prisoner; I live at No. 5, Meeting-house-yard, Gravel-lane, Houndsditch. My father keeps a clothes-shop, and lives in Petticoat-lane. He lets out lodgings for seafaring men.
Q. Were you at his house when this article was brought in - A. I was; it was brought in by a sailor last Tuesday night week, between seven and eight o'clock. The sailor asked for a lodging; he was accommodated with a lodging; he paid sixpence for a bed. He lodged in the front two pair of stairs room, in a four-bedded room. I slept in the same room the sailor did. I laid hold of one handle of the compass box, and the sailor the other, I helped him up stairs with it. In the room he uncovered it, and shewed me the compass.
Q. Was the compass taken away by him - A. No, I saw it there the next morning; he asked my father to let him leave it there, and he would fetch it away on Thursday.
COURT. What day was your father taken up - A. Wednesday afternoon.
Q. Was there no talk of buying the compass - A. No, not a word.



               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
