






645. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARVEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COX
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, one pair of boots, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles James 
                     Bradley
                  




               
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am the wife of Charles James Bradley, who is a shoemaker
, and lives in Kingsland-road


. On the 1st of April, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the boots hung at the window, outside. I missed them - the prisoners were brought back in a few minutes with them.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Harvey lurking about the shop window; Cox was on the other side, opposite the door - Harvey went up to the shop, then crossed over, and spoke to Cox; they then sat down on the bench of the public-house, and talked together. Harvey then went over again - Cox stood opposite the door with his hat in his hand, as I thought making a motion to Harvey when nobody was in the shop. Harvey then went to the window, took a pair of boots, and ran away; Cox walked away in the same direction. I stopped Harvey - he dropped the boots, and threw an open knife away. Another person secured Cox immediately - he struggled a good deal.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVEJOY
               



            . I was with Thompson, and observed the prisoners together. Cox sat at the public-house opposite the prosecutor's - Harvey went and sat down by him. He then went over, cut the boots down, and ran away with them. I collared him.


                  JOHN 
                  PAVEY
               



            . I was with Thompson, and saw Harvey lurking about, and then take the boots; they were acting together.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Cox's Defence. I know nothing about it.
HARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COX - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
