





648 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of August
, two pair of stockings, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
THOMAS BROWN. I am an hosier
, 121, Bishopsgate Street


. On the 24th of August, in consequence of information, I pursued the prisoner, he was taken and brought into my shop, and on the prisoner was found two pair of odd stocking, I had the fellows to them in my shop, they were taken from the outside of my door.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . On my going past Mr. Brown's door, I saw the prisoner taking the stockings, I informed Mr. Brown, and I pursued the prisoner, when he was stopped, he was surrounded by a quantity of loose people. I said I would never lose sight of him, and when I got hold of him, I would never loose him, the women that surrounded him took from his pocket three pair of stockings, they said why do you not knock the son of a bitch down, I told them it was impossible for him to do it. As soon as I got hold of his neck-handkerchief, by some means or other he got my fingers in his mouth, the women that surrounded him persuaded him to bite my fingers off, I brought him to Mr. Brown's shop, then there were two pair of stockings found upon him, but they were odd ones, the women took several pair out of his pockets, the prisoner said they should not be found upon him, therefore girls pick away as fast as you can. I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Whitechapel that gentlemen caught hold of me, he said I was the man that took the stockings, he threw me down in the kennel, the officer searched me, and did not find any thing about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
