






140. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lawson
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Palmer
                        



                     
                  , with intent to steal, and stealing therein, a piece of printed cotton, value 4l. their property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EAKIN
               



            . I am a servant to these gentlemen. I was coming at the back part of our warehouse, at a little before ten in the morning, and saw the back door open, and I was a little surprised at not seeing any one there. I went forward, and saw a man going along with the goods on his shoulder. I missed the cotton from the bail, and suspected he had taken it, and I called somebody out of the cellar and then went after him, and met an officer bringing him in custody with the cotton, in St. Paul's Church Yard; I believe 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts
               



             is the man that I saw with the bale. I can't tell how they got into the warehouse, for I know the door was shut a few minutes before. It was a catch lock, but whether it caught or not, I don't know; but I suppose it did.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a City officer. The prisoners both walked up a little way together, until they came to Palmer and Lawson's: Roberts went in, but came out again in a moment, and joined company with the other. They then walked up and down a little time, and then Roberts went in again, and come out again but did not bring anything then. He joined company with Atkinson, and in a few minutes went in again. While he was in, Atkinson walked past the door; and then I saw Roberts bring these printed goods out. I kept in the court, until their backs were turned, for fear they should see my face; and as soon as they got into St. Paul's Church Yard, I went after them, and took them both into custody.
ROBERTS, GUILTY, aged 19,
ATKINSON, GUILTY, aged 17,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
