





59. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously sealing, on the 9th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 5s. the property of some person unknown, from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On the 9th of November, I saw the prisoner attempting several gentlemen's pockets; at the corner of King-Street, Cheapside


, he pulled a great many handkerchiefs out, and when he perceived they were cotton, he let them hang. He then pulled a yellow silk handkerchief out of a man's coat pocket; and the crowd was so great, that it was as much as ever he could do to get it into his pocket. He was then pushed off the pavement, and crossed the road, and I followed him down Cheapside, round St. Paul's Chorch-Yard, until I came into Bridge-Street. It was impossible to get to the man he took the yellow handkerchief from. When he got into Bridge-Street, he look another handkerchief; but what one that was, I cannot tell. I could not get up to him immediately; but in about a quarter of an hour I saw him again. I spoke to Hudson, a brother officer, and told him to be with me at the corner of Water-Lane; from all probability the prisoner would pass us on the return of the procession. He did return pass us, and on seeing us, he bolted across Water-lane into Bridge-Street, and I followed him and took him into custody. We took him into a house, and searched him. In one of his pockets we found a very sharp pair of scissors; we found some handkerchiefs upon him, among which was a yellow one, which I firmly believe to be the one he took at the corner of King-Street.
Prisoner. There is a handkerchief of mine there, which is mine, and which has the initials of my name on it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



             (holding up a handkerchief,) a gentleman claimed this handkerchief; as his saying his initials J.P. were upon it. The prisoner immediately said it was his, for his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Price
               



            . Before this he would not give any name at all.


                  JOHN 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I also took two handkerchiefs from the prisoner which are not marked; they were under his shoulders, between his shirt and his skin,(Property produced)

Prisoner's Defence. I bought them handkerchiefs for five shillings, of two men. I have been in his Majesty's service for twenty-two years, and fought for my king and country, under the command of Commodore Chauncey, on the Lakes in America.
COURT. Under Commodore Chauncey?
Prisoner. I mean, my Lord, under Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Yeo
               



            .



               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
