





1002. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     NORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, eight ounces weight of rhubarb, value 20 s. four pound eight ounces weight of jalap, value 18 s. two ounces weight of cloves, value 1 s. 6 d. four ounces weight of nutmegs, value 3 s. five ounces weight of lozenges, value 9 d. three quarters of an ounce weight of musk, value 12 s. two bottles, value 2 s. 6 d. three pounds eight ounces weight of barley, value 2 s. two pounds weight of linseed oil, value 2 s. two pounds weight of pepper, value 2 s. eight ounces weight of ginger powder, value 1 s. and a bottle, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cannan
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Auldjo
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CANNAN
               



            . I am a druggist

; I live in Lothbury


. My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Auldjo
               



            . The prisoner was our porter
; he had lived with us upwards of a twelvemonth. On the 20th of this month I was making up my account of opium; I discovered I was about one hundred and fifty pounds weight short. I then called up both my porters; they both declared they knew nothing of it. I got two officers. I searched the prisoner's house. He lives in Chicksand-street, Whitechapel, and at 
               
                  Philip 
                  North
               



            's apartment we found all the articles enumerated in the indictment. They are articles that I deal in. I cannot swear to drugs. I know the bottles; they are cast in my own mould.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. These things I found at different parts of the prisoner's lodging. He confessed it was his masters property. In his tea chest I found some nutmegs, and ten one-pound notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I was with Harrison. I heard the prisoner say all these articles were his master's property. He said he received the ten one-pound notes for his master's goods.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not own to them things. Some of them were given to me by the warehouse-man. The sponge I had in particular before I ever knew Mr. Cannan.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
