





24. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, a cloth pelisse, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph James 
                           Long
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James Long
               



            , in the Minories


. On the 8th of November, in the evening I stood behind the counter in the shop, I saw the prisoner rush out of the shop, he had taken a pelisse that stood on the horse, two yards inside the shop. I ran to the door and called stop thief, I saw the prisoner running across the street, I pursued him towards Aldgate, he crossed Aldgate and proceeded towards Church Alley, I called stop thief and two gentlemen stopped him, the constable came and took him to the watch-house.
Q. Did you lose sight of him - A. I did. I am certain he is the same man, he dropped the pelisse about six yards from the shop.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I was going down the Minories, I heard the cry of stop thief. I pursued the prisoner until two gentlemen stopped him. I took him into custody. This is the pelisse.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JAMES LONG
               



            . It is my pelisse, I live at No. 147, Minories. I keep the house, the pelisse is worth fifty shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the Minories, it began to rain very hard, which compelled me to take shelter in the prosecutor's house, and when I was about thirty yards from the house, a young man passed me going towards the house calling stop thief, he then came and seized me. I know nothing of the charge. I am a taylor by trade, he cannot say that I was seen to steal, nor was any property found on me.
GUILTY, aged 17
         




               of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
