






714. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GODDEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, two brass legs, value 2 l. six sets of twisted string, value 2 l. 9 s. ten pair of brass hinges, value 6 s. forty-nine screw-drawer nobs, value 13 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rolfe
                        



                     
                  ; and one writing-desk, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Rolfe
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I am a manufacturer of pianofortes
. I live at 112, Cheapside. I have a manufactory, No. 28, London Wall


. It has a private entrance and a carriage entrance into it. On Sunday the 31st of July; the prisoners (at about half past nine in the evening) they were surprised at my son's calling in his way home to Islington. I did not see the prisoners until they were in custody. They are quite strangers to me.


                  JAMES 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I called at the manufactory about twenty minutes after nine on Sunday evening, the 31st of July. We have two entrances to our manufactory, one a carriage entrance, the other a private entrance for the men to enter the workshop, about two yards from each other. The moment I put the key into the lock of the door where the workmen enter. I heard a great noise; I did not go in; I enquired who was within two or three times, and receiving no answer I called out for assistance. In a short time two men came up; one informed me he was an officer; he begged me not to open the door until he got farther assistance, conceiving they were desperate characters within. He went for assistance; the other remained with me. A few minutes after he was gone two men rushed out of the carriage entrance. We pursued them. The prisoner Godden I secured in Fore-street, about one hundred yards from the manufactory; we lodged him in the Compter; and on our returning we met the prisoner Williams custody; he was taken in Moorfields.
Q. Do you know they are the same men you saw come out of the manufactory - A. I do not; I have every reason to believe they are. I lost sight of Godden, for a moment; he was walking when I stopped him she was pointed out to me by every one that knew him. When I stopped him all the things in the indictment were missing. The property was found on the staircase, ready to be taken away. It consisted of a portable desk: that was mine; it contained brass work and and wire, my father's property. I believe the prisoners to be the persons.


                  JOHN 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I was coming down London Wall; I heard Mr. Rolfe call for assistance; I assisted him. I was the first man that came up to him While I was standing with him the officer came up; he said we had better stop until he got other assistance. When he was gone, two men rushed out of the gate; Mr. Rolfe ran after him, and called stop thief; I called stop thief likewise I ran after them; I lost sight of one of them; he turned into Moorfields. Godden I kept sight of I was close behind him when he turned out. I ran by the side of him in Fore-street. I never lost sight of him. I pointed him out to Mr. Rolfe; he took him into custody.
JOHN LINNET. I am a constable. Mr. Rolfe gave me charge of Godden; I took him to the Compter. I took this padlock out of his pocket, and these keys.


                  JOHN 
                  LENCH
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday night, the 31st of July, about twenty minutes after nine o'clock; I heard the cry of watch. I immediately ran to the spot where the voice came from; young Mr. Rolfe said there was somebody in his premises. I went immediately to get another officer. As I was returning with the officer there was a cry of stop thief. The prisoner Williams was running towards Moorfields. I got sight of him just as he turned round Moorgate. Williams is the man I pursued. A man after him on horseback. I am sure Williams is the man I was pursuing. Another man stopped him in Moorfields; I came up just as he was stopped. When I got up, he said do not hurt me, I wish I had not taken to this way. I took him to the watchhouse, and searched him; he had only a few halfpence about him. I took him to the Compter, and returned back with Mr. Rolfe to search the warehouse. When we opened the door, there were a great many things tied up in different bundles. This chisel was laying against the bundles; here are two skeleton keys that laid close to the bundles. This key opens the warehouse door; this opens another, and here is a handkerchief; he had no handkerchiefround his neck when I stopped him; this handkerchief contained some doe skins.
Godden's Defence. I was at home at half past five in the evening; I had occasion to go towards the Tower. On my return home I came through the Church-yard, and up Fore-street, in my way home to Golden lane.
Williams's Defence. On my going round London Wall, I heard the cry of stop thief; I followed the thief; he made his escape; he kept crying out stop thief. Some gentleman stopped me: he said, he must take me back, and see, he had no doubt I was the man.
Godden called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GODDEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
