





254. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of January
, a plough, value 5 s. a plane, value 5 s. a great coat, value 8 s. and a saw, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gardner
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I work at Mr. Smart's, at Chelsea


.
Q. When did you lose your tools - A. On the 21st of January, about twenty minutes after four. I went to my partner to another part of the premises, and during the time I was gone I lost my tools.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WITTICE
               



            . I am a labouring man. I was at work in the yard getting a foundation out. I was going into the building for a basket of chips: I met Parsons coming out of the building with the tools; he had a jack plane and a saw.
Q. Did you lay hold of him - A. No; he drawed back. He threw away the jack plane, and the great coat; and the saw he put in his bosom. The plough and the plane and the coat he threw under the step. I went to tell the prosecutor, and in the mean time he walked out of the gate. I and the prosecutor followed him, and just as the prosecutor came up to him he pulled the saw out of his bosom, and put it between some pales.


                  JOHN 
                  LISCOMBE
               



            . I am a carpenter. The prosecutor and me were taking dimensions of the adjoining house. The last witness, Wittick, gave us an alarm that a man had got his tools. We pursued the prisoner. On taking hold of him he dropped this saw in between some garden pales, just at the moment we took him in custody, and the other things were under the stairs when we came back, where he had dropped them. When we laid hold of the prisoner he said he was distressed.
Prosecutor. The coat is mine; the saw, plane, and plough, they are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work two months; I could not get any employ. I had burried my wife a few days before. There were nobody in the building; I was tempted to take them through necessity and hunger.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
