





288. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PICKMAN
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, one trunk, value 3s.; five pair of sheets, value 2l. 10s.; four table cloths, value 1l.; four shifts, value 10s.; five napkins, value 2s.; two shawls, value 10s.; four aprons, value 6s.; one tea-chest, value 5s.; one bible, value 7s.; one shirt, value 7s.; one gown, value 5s.; four towels, value 4s.; and one quilt, 2s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Oldham
                  




               
            .
THOMAS OLDHAM. I am a clerk
. On the 26th of December, I was at Little Gadsden and sent six packages to London by the carrier, I delivered them to Francis London. The carrier was directed to my house, No.2, Penford-street, Red Lion-square, Holborn. Five of them were delivered safe, the other contained the articles mentioned in the indictment.
ROBERT APPLETON. I am a watchman of Red Lion-square. On the 27th of December, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner by the near side of the waggon, and another man with him, the waggoner took a load out of it and went to Mr. Oldham's house; while he was in the house, the prisoner and the other man crossed over to the waggon, they each took hold of the handles of the package and walked down Penford-street, Red Lion-square, I went across to them, and said, what have you got there, it does not belong to you. They dropped the trunk, and ran away. I sprung my rattle and called stop thief! they ran down the street; Dewxell and Welch stopped them. I went up and said, the prisoner was the man, the other got away.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. The waggon stopped two doors from Red Lion-square. It was not quite dark. I am sure he is the man.
WILLIAM WELCH. I am a watchman. I heard the alarm and stopped the prisoner, he was running.


                  JOHN 
                  DEWXELL
               



            . I am a patrol. I was on my beat, in Holborn, and heard the alarm, and took the prisoner into custody.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LONDON
               



            . I am a carrier. I had the box in my cart, I set it on the pavement, while I was in the passage it was taken.
REID. I am an officer. I took the prisoner and trunk.
(Property Produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
