





933. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BLANDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Crawley
                        




                     
                  , four ten pound bank notes and a five pound bank note, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a seaman
 lately discharged from the navy.
Q. On the 31st of October did you lose four ten pound notes and a five pound note. - A. I did, in the night about three o'clock. I was as sober as I am now this present moment. I felt her going out of bed, I asked her where she was going to, she said to make water, I was in bed in a house in Long Acre


, this woman is one of the turnkeys of the house, it is a house of pleasure. This prisoner came through the lane that I live in, I went home with her to this house.

Q. A little after three you found her go out of bed. - A. Yes, and I found my property gone.
Q. Did you find that she had got your notes. - A. Not at that time, I took hold of her, I said if you do not give me the money that I have earned honestly, I will make you suffer for it, and there was this lady by the door; then these ladies said if I would go out for five minutes, they would give me the money, I went out, and staid till the five minutes was out, as I thought, I had no watch, and then I went in, and then she told me that she had swallowed them, when I went in this house I had four ten pound notes, and one five, I changed a ten pound note with my landlady, she took the heaviest notes and left the lightest, she capsized me, I found four tens and a five gone.
Q. Have you ever recovered the notes again. - A. Never a farthing. She told me if I would take her to an apothecary's shop, and get her a dose, she would capsize them, I got her a dose of oil to bring them up, then she said if I would let her alone for twenty-four hours, she would bring them down, I never could bring them up or down.
Prisoner. I knew this man three times before.
Prosecutor. No only once, and then I gave you a dollar.
MRS. GRIFFITHS. I live in Bird in hand court, Long Acre. I am a servant in that house, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Winwood
               



             keeps the house, between eleven and twelve o'clock I let the man and woman into the house, they were shewed into a room, and they went to bed. I heard a great noise in the room, I went up stairs, he said he had lost seven and forty pound, I took a light in the room, and took the bed off, no money could I find, we searched the woman, no money was found.
Q. Did you hear her say that she had swallowed the notes. - A. I heard him say it.


                  RICHARD 
                  BOULTER
               



            . I keep the sign of the George in Drury Lane. I am the landlord of this man, before ever he went out of the house this book contained fifty-four pounds, that was between seven and eight o'clock, he was about half seas over, this woman was an entire stranger in the house, she came in and called for half a pint of ale, I saw him leave the house in company with the woman. The next day the master of the house came down to me. I saw the prosecutor about nine o'clock the next morning. Donaldson gave me this book, it contains seven ones and a two, the four tens and the five were taken from this book, he charged this woman with robbing him, and this woman declared just now that she heard nothing from the prisoner about her swallowing them, they were taking water up stairs to make this woman's emetic operate. I know that he had fifty-four pound when he left my house, and on the next day he had only nine left. The prisoner in jail sent to the prosecutor telling him that she had voided the notes, and they was as sound and good as ever they were; and when they went she said he had come too late, a prisoner that is under transportation had robbed her of them.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man in Drury Lane, he asked me to go and have two pots of porter with him, and then I went to his landlords and had some ale, and after that we went into a public house Covent Garden. I left him and saw him again. I went to bed in this house with him, in the morning he said you have picked my pocket, and he said if you do not give it me I will rip you open. I alarmed the house, this good woman came up stairs, a constable was sent for, they took off all my clothes and searched me. I am not guilty at all, and as to swallow a note I never said so, nor did I do it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
