





528. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     ASHLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of May
, three hundred and seventy pair of braces, value 80 l. one hundred and twenty-seven knives, value 15 l. and twenty-eight razors, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Andrews
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing the same goods, the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Shoer
               



            .
WILLIAM BERKEX. I am a clerk to Mr. Andrews; he is an insurance broker
. He has an accompting-house in Great Winchester-street


. I have been in his employ a year. The prisoner was engaged in March-last.
Q. Had you a chest that you kept these goods in that you charge to be stolen - A. Yes; I packed them up about the 15th of February, all the articles, thirty-one dozen of braces. On the 26th of May, I found it opened, and only one pair of braces was in it, instead of thirty-one dozen. It must have been forced open, because, I had fastened it with nails. The nails had been drawed, and the braces taken out.
Q. Did you miss any other of your master's property - A. Yes, 120 knives and 28 razors; they were in the custody and care of Mr. Andrews.
Q. The chest remained in your master's accompting house, to be sent to Mr. Shoer of Birmingham - A. Yes; I acquainted my master of the loss. I offered to my master to come and search my lodgings.
Q. Were the braces, knives, and razors, produced to you any where - A. Yes: and they were my master's property that I had missed.
JOHN ANDREWS. I am an insurance broker and agent. I had the care of these things for Mr. Shoer, of Birmingham. I told the prisoner and Berkey, that the goods were missing; they could not go without hands, and that it laid between them; that they had better acknowledge the fact; it was the only means to let me know what became of the goods. The prisoner denied that he knew any thing of the goods. Berkey voluntary offered to have his lodgings searched. I went to the prisoner's house, with an officer, in May. Vickrey, the officer, searched the prisoner's premises: he did not find any thing. He desired the prisoner to go with us to Purse's, London-wall. The prisoner there acknowledged that he had taken the property. I went to Mr. Purse's, before we took the prisoner there, and there I found the things. It was in consequence of that I took the warrant out against him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Purse, pawnbroker. I knew the prisoner. I am sure he is the person. He pledged near thirty dozen of braces. Part of them has been redeemed by Mr. Solomon: these are the braces that I shewed to Mr. Andrews: he claimed them. The prisoner pawned them in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  BROOKES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Folkard, pawnbroker, Surry-road. The prisoner pawned at our house one hundred and fifty-two knives, and forty razors, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



            .
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Moses 
                  Solomon
               



             - A. I have seen him.


                  MOSES 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I know the prisoner. I saw him several times since last February. He sold me the duplicates of pen-knives, braces, and razors. I took them out. Part of them I produce. The others I have sold.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg leave to state that I have served a number of years in His Majesty's service. I have left that situation only a year, and I have been a purser in an East Indiaman.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35. 




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
