





626. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     MULKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, one coat, value 50 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher Edward 
                     Lefray
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COOK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Edward Lefray
               



            . On the 25th of March, I had a coat in my possession, and gave it to Drewell, the carrier. On the Saturday following I found it at the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DREWELL
               



            . I am the Hendon carrier. Cook gave me the coat; I put it into my cart, and carried it into the Temple to Mr. Lefray. I took it out of the cart, and put it on the horse with three other coats, at the corner of Elm-court. I saw the prisoner with two other sailors, lurking about - it was about three o'clock in the afternoon. I lost the coat.


                  ROBERT 
                  DREWELL
               



            . I was with my brother. The coat was put into the cart at Camden-town. I lost it while I left the cart to carry the goods up to Mr. Lefray's chambers.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in West Smithfield. On the 25th of March, about half-past four o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop, and wanted to sell the coat for 17 s. I asked him how he got it? he said it belonged to a sailor. I detained him, and took him to the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
