





359. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of March
, a pocket book, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burnham
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURNHAM
               



            . I am a serjeant at Mace in the City of London
. On the 7th March, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking down Brook-street, Holborn


, I perceived two men close at my heels, I also felt the hand of the prisoner in my pocket; I immediately seized him, and took him into custody. He did not completely take my book out of my pocket, but he had it in his hand. I did not put my hand into my pocket. I felt his hand in my pocket, and the moment his hand was in my pocket I felt it lighter. I am perfectly satisfied it was in his hand.
Q. You say the moment his hand was in your pocket you felt it lighter - do you know whether it was in his hand - A. It was in his hand, or in something in his hand. I discovered his hand in my pocket, I am sure it was in his hand; he ran up against me instantly, and shoved me against the rails; I have no doubt but that he got at the bottom of my pocket; my pocket was lighter. It was either in his hand, or in something in his hand. I do not know whether I might mention it, he said, through friends, that he would give me ten pound if I would not prosecute him.
COURT. No, I must not hear that.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am the watchman of Brooks-street. I had then just called the hour of nine; I was on the opposite side, Mr. Burnham called out watch, he said, take charge of this man, I have found his hand in my pocket.



                  JAMES 
                  MAXTEAD
               



            . The magistrate bound me over on account of being in danger of my life, to appear against him next sessions.
Prisoner's Defence. The indictment for which I now stand charged I am innocent of. On that evening I had occasion to pass Brook-street, Holborn, to a shoemaker to get a pair of boots; after I had passed Mr. Burnham nigh the distance of ten yards I was collared by him, and accused of picking his pocket of a pocket book; he said, you have not picked my pocket, but in point of law it is the same; I will prosecute you. He called the watchman, and then stated that I had not robbed him, but made the attempt. I was held to bail, two in forty pound each, and myself in eighty pound. I attended at Hicks' Hall, when a bill was found against me for a misdemeanor. I was informed on the Thursday that a bill was found against me for a felony. I am aware of the unfortunate situation I am placed in, and the evidence, Maxtead, was a witness against me. I am charged of stabbing him; when I was confined in my bed at Hatton Garden I said I would ring his ears, for which I was bailed. I am likewise in an unfortunate situation, not having the benefit of counsel. I hope for your candid and impartial verdict.
Jury. Q. to prosecutor. Are you sure that the prisoner had got your pocket book in his hand - A. I have no doubt of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
