






567. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  REUBEN
               




             and 
               
                  HANNAH
                  
                  GIDDES
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of June
, one hundred yards of ribbon, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Martin
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
JAMES MARTIN. I keep a linen-drapers, and haberdashers shop
, in High-street, in the parish of St. Pancras


. I was not in the shop when the prisoners came in.


                  JAMES 
                  AUTHORN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Martin. I was in the shop when the prisoners came in; Reuben asked for ribbon; she bought a yard and a quarter at seven-pence a yard; they had afterwards several lengths cut off.
Q. Did Giddes buy any thing - A. No; she was with her at the time.
Q. Was there any alarm before they left the shop - A. Master came in, he was serving at one end of the shop; he saw them take a piece of ribbon away.
Q. to Mr. Martin. Did you see either of the prisoners take any thing - A. Yes, Reuben; I saw her take a piece of ribbon, and gave it to Giddes. I threw the flap of the counter up, went and took it from her, and told her it was my property, and said, I should search and see if she had any thing else, and as they moved the umbrella, a piece of ribbon fell out. I picked up the umbrella, and found six pieces more in it.
Q. Do you know that either of them brought the umbrella in - A. No. I believe the umbrella stood on the right hand side of Reuben.
Q. What is the value of these pieces of ribbon - A. Three pounds, rather more than less. I said, I would send for a constable. Giddes went on her knees then, and Reuben ran away; she was pursued and brought back. These ribbons have my shop mark upon them.
Q. Had you seen either of the prisoners take any of these seven pieces that were in the umbrella - A. This piece of blue ribbon, is the piece that I saw Reuben take and give to Giddes.
Q. to James Authorn. Did you see either of the prisoners take any of these pieces of ribbon which were in the umbrella - A. No. There were three serving in the shop besides me and my master.
Q. Did either of these three give any alarm of any thing being taken away - A. No. I did not see which of the prisoners brought the umbrella in.
Prisoner Reuben. The gentleman took that ribbon off the counter, and put it into the umbrella.
Q. to Mr. Martin. Reuben suggested that you put a piece into the umbrella - A. So I did. When I took that piece, from Giddes, I put it into the umbrella. They were all in the umbrella except that one piece. I put that in myself.
JAMES WELCH. I was sent for to take the prisoners into custody. I asked them where they lived; they neither of them would tell.
Prosecutor. There was another person in the shop; she begged these girls off; she said, it was the first thing they ever did.
Welch. She is a base character, and led these girls into it.
Reuben's Defence. When I went into the shop I had no umbrella with me; there were several more people in the shop buying ribbons besides me.
Giddes's Defence. When we went into the shop neither of us had any umbrella.
Giddes called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
REUBEN, GUILTY, aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GIDDES, GUILTY, aged 16.




               Of stealing one piece of ribbon, but not privately in the shop
            .





               Confined 1 year in the house of correction
            , 



               fined 1 s.
            

First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
