





1013. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, two table cloths, value 14 s. nine yards of calico, value 7 s. nineteen handkerchiefs, value 1 l. four yards of French cambric, value 3 l. one piece of nankeen, containing twenty four yards, value 1 l. 4 s. one patchwork coverlid, value 5 s. twelve yards of trimming, value 12 s. eight yards of printed cotton, value 16 s. ten candles, value 1 s. and ten parcels of paper, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Pope
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bickham
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     

                              Samuel 
                              Pope
                           



                        , Junr.






                   in their dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKHAM
               



            . I belong to the arm of Pope, Bickham, and Pope; we are Manchester manufacturers



, and reside in Cheapside


. We do not reside in he house ourselves, but two servants who are paid out of the partnership fund, do. On the 18th of September, I bought a lot of silk and cotton shawls. Onthe 19th, I discovered they were colours I did not like; I wanted to return those which displeased us, but they would not take any back, without the whole. Then it was discovered that four were deficient; the prisoner was in our employ. We questioned all the servants; they all denied as well as the prisoner. I then went to the Mansion house, and got two officers. I told all the servants to remain within while I was gone; for I was going to search their respective lodgings. On coming to the prisoner's lodgings, in Swan alley, Coleman street; we found all the articles mentioned in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  HONE
               



            . I am warehouseman to the last witness. I sleep in the house; my masters do not. These shawls were missed; Mr. Bickham told us all to stay within while he searched the respective lodgings, but the prisoner went out, for about twenty minutes. He said, gentlemen I suppose you think me guilty, from my leaving the premises so long; the reason is, my wife is very much indisposed, and I went home to apprise her of Mr. Bickham's coming. These shawls that were taken, must have been taken between the 18th and 19th,
CHARLES MATTHEWS. I and Harrison went with Bickham to the prisoner's lodging, and found all the articles, named in the indictment, concealed in different parts.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I assisted in this search, and took from the prisoner's wife, five one pound notes, and four dollars. We did not find the shawls.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26,
Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
