





811. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of October
, twenty eight pound weight of shot, value 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Edward 
                     Holmes
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hall
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chapman
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John William 
                     Chapman
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BACON HALL
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Edward Holmes
               



            , William Hall, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chapman
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  William Chapman
               



            , they are wharfinger



s at Bear Quay


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I have known him three or four years, always as a lazy fellow about the Quays. On the 6th of October the prisoner was brought back to our Quay by Mr. Hockless, he said, Mr. Hall, this man has got something; I took from his bosom a bag of shot weighing twenty eight pound; he attempted to to make his escape, I prevented him and sent for a constable, he was taken to the Compter. We had a matt package of shot on the Quay. After I had taken the prisoner to the Compter, I examined the matt package, and found it had lost three bags, of which only one was found on the prisoner; the package had been cut.
Q. That package was under the care of these gentlemen - A. Yes, they were answerable for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOCKLESS
               



            . I am a mariner. On the 6th of October I saw the prisoner running up Bear Quay into Thames-street, I followed him and took him, I told him he must go down the gateway with me, I then clapped my hand on the bag of shot under his shirt, I took him to Mr. Hall, he took the bag of shot from him, he said, he would not go to the Compter, without he had a coach to ride in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEPBURN
               



            . Q. Are you a servant to these wharfingers - A. Yes, I was in the vessel, I saw the prisoner take the bag from the spot where the package was lying, I gave information to Mr. Hockness; he pursued him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOW
               



            . I am a constable. I was charged with this man, and this bag was delivered to me at the Mansion house: I have kept it ever since.
Hall. That is the same parcel I took out from under his shirt; it contains shot.
Prisoner's Defence. I am guilty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
