






12. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Whitmore
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 1s. 6d.; two 5l., two 2l., and three 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
MR. WILLIAM WHITMORE. On the 18th of November I was in Throgmorton-street


, about a quarter after one o'clock in the day, and met the two prisoners - They were coming one way and I the other; they stopped me on the pavement, which is narrow - They would not make way for me; I desired they would let me pass. Brown came round on my right side and the other on my left. As I passed between them I felt Thomas's hand in my waistcoat pocket. As soon as I got clear of them, I put my hand to my pocket and missed my pocket-book, which contained a 5l., a 2l., and three 1l. notes. I turned round, and saw 
               Thomas
             a few yards before me; I ran up to him-he took to his heels as hard as he could, and crossed Broad-street - I called out Stop thief! he was stopped; I came up in half a minute - I never lost sight of him. Several people came round him; one of them gave me my pocket-book; the other prisoner was taken and brought up, and the constable took them both. I am positive he is one of them - I saw them both walking together before they came up to me.


                  CHARLES 
                  WOODHALL
               



            . I am a bank-porter. I saw the prisoners running, and Mr. Whitmore following them. I saw Thomas drop the pocket-book and run on. When they came to the corner of the street Thomas was stopped. While they were taking him to the Mansion-house, Brown was standing in the street and was secured.
WILLIAM SCOTT. I was in Threadneedle-street about a quarter of an hour before this happened, and saw the prisoners in company together. Brown stepped up to a gentleman, and attempted his pocket, which was rather open-the gentleman turned into a coffee-house. When I returned, I found Thomas in custody, and saw Brownstanding at the corner of Throgmorton-street; I pointed him out, and the officer took him. I am sure he is the boy.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
