





1257. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 49 lbs. of tea, value 15 l., and one bag, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilmott
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watts
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a waggoner
 at Horley, just below Blackwall. On the 10th of September a bag of tea was in the front of my waggon - it was safe when I went by Halfmoon-street, Piccadilly


; a man came up to me there, and asked me to go for a box to take to Brentford. He took me into a public-house about two hundred yards off, and told me to wait there while he fetched it. I had left my son in care of the waggon - the man never returned. My son left the waggon and came to me. On my return I found the prisoner in custody with the bag of tea, which belonged to Mr. Wilmott, of Bagshot. I was answerable for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SLADE
               



            . I am porter at the Angel Inn, Fleet-market. I was coming from Hyde Park Corner about a quarter past twelve o'clock in the day, and saw the waggon, and a little boy feeding the horses. I saw a man come up and take the boy down Clarges-street; the boy gave the hay into the prisoner's hands to feed the horses. He pretended to feed them, and looked about. A man beckoned to him - he got on the shafts, took the bag of tea out, put it on the shafts, and took it away about twenty yards; I then secured him with it, and brought him back.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge. I found a waggoner's hook on him, and 9 d.
Prisoner. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
