





123. 
               
                  MIHEL 
                  EMANUEL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of August
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Wilson
                     



                  , widow, a promissory note, value 10 l. and a promissory note, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Ogleby
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William Law 
                           Ogleby
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW OGLEBY
               



            . I am a ship and insurance broker

; I live in Abchurch-yard, that is my dwelling-house, I have an accompting-house in 
               
                  Jane 
                  Wilson
               



            's house in Sherbourne-lane


, she is a widow. It is in the parish of St. Mary Abchurch.
Q. When did you lose this note of yours - A. On the 23d of August I left in a drawer on the desk in the accompting-house, a ten pound note, and a one pound note; I only had it in my hand that morning; about ten o'clock, on the next morning I looked for it they were both missing; the prisoner was my servant
, he attended at the private house, and slept in the accompting-house. Some time ago I saw a watch with the prisoner, I suspected him, I sent for Mr. Harris that he bought the watch of; I traced the note, and got it.
Q. What is your partners name - A. 
               
                   
                  Alexander Ogleby
               

            .
Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you - A. A year and a half.
Q. Did he sleep in the accompting house, or in a room adjoining - A. In a closet in the accompting-house.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES HARRIS
               



            . I am a watchmaker, I live at 19, Nightingale-lane. On the 22nd of Decemberthe prisoner came in, and wished to look at some new watches; he approved of one, and tendered me a ten pound Irish note; I sent my apprentice out to get cash for this Irish note of Mr. Murray, and I gave the change. I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  JONATHAN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live near Mr. Harris. On the 22d of December I gave him change for a ten pound Irish note; I endorsed it with my own initials; here is my initials at the back of this note.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LOVELESS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Harris. On the 22d of December I went to Mr. Murray to get change of a ten pound note; he gave me six pound; he was to send the rest down the next day; I took the six pound to Mr. Harris.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . On Tuesday last, in company with Cartwright, I apprehended the prisoner at Mr. Ogleby's. I took a watch out of his pocket. We took him to the Mansion House; there were two keys taken out of his pocket; I went to where he lodged. I there found two one pound bank notes, a half-crown, sixpence, and a new hat.
Q. to Mr. Harris. Look at that watch - A. This is the watch I sold to the prisoner.
Q. to Mr. Ogleby. Look at that ten pound note. Is that your note - A. It is; the woman endorsed it at the time I took it of her; I am sure it is the note; I lost it out of the drawer.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I was in company with Leadbetter. On searching him I found this purse with a shilling in it, and an Irish one pound bank note. It has the same direction as the other; it is endorsed A. Storey, the same as the other.
Q. This house in Sherbourne Lane is let out in lodgings - A. Yes; Mrs. Wilson lives in the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been along with this master a year and a half; he lost some money last Christmas. My master saw this watch; he asked me where I got that watch. I got money before I came to London. I brought this money from Ireland. It is my money. When my master saw the watch, he said, this is the way my money goes. I slept in the accompting-house. I never saw the money at all. This watch cost me four pound ten shillings. I bought the watch at Wapping. My master said, he had lost the money, and I had bought the watch with it. I said, No, I got money before I came to London. This master gave me victuals and drink, and clothes; he gave me no money.
JURY. The notes are dated 4th of June, 1810. The prisoner said, he brought them to London he could not have done that.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21,
Of Stealing, but not in the Dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
