





893. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of October
, six sheets, value 12 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Borradaile
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Harrison
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John Watson 
                     Borradaile
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON BORRADAILE
               



            . I am a hat manufacturer
. I lost these hats from our gate, 34, Fenchurch-street


, on the evening of the 7th of October, a little after seven in the evening.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a servant to Mesrs. Borradailes. I watched the gate about half after seven o'clock. I saw three men on Wednesday three weeks come within the gate. I saw the prisoner Hart with three papers of hats in his hand. I rung the bell for assistance to come out. The prisoner threw the hats behind him when he saw me. I stepped outside of the gate; he threw the hats down behind him. I then took the prisoner into custody, and took him into the accompting house. He took these hats from a package that was in the gateway; a large package, that held twenty-two dozen; these hats were taken out after the pack was cut, but there were some taken out before. I cannot say who cut the pack.
JOHN NICHOLL. I saw the six hats after the alarm was given; they were lying behind the gateway; they were afterwards picked up, and taken care of. These are the hats.
Prosecutor. These hats are our property; I have no doubt of it. The names of the partners


 are 
               
                  William 
                  Borradaile
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Weston Borradaile
               



            , and 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Harrison
               



            , Our warehouse is some distance from the gateway where this package was. This package I had just received; these hats were in our own private gateway.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent of this charge as the child unborn. I have served in the army eighteen years. I have been transported before for seven years for a crime that I was guilty of. I applied to the society for the refuge of the destitute; it was too full to admit me. They furnished me with one pound; I went into the city; I was taken up by a police officer; it was impossible for me to get any employ, as my character was gone. Should I unfortunately be found guilty, I hope to be sent out of this country for ever, as I am certain I could not get my living in this country.



               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for seven years
            

London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
