





108. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     ROACH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, 17 yards of printed cotton, value 34 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SEYMOUR TERRY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roberts
               



            , in Cranbourn-street


. On the 8th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came in to purchase a yard of cotton. I did not miss the print until the constable brought it to know who it belonged to. I looked at the print, and found my private mark upon it. He brought the piece of cotton with it that the prisoner had bought of me - that brought the prisoner to my recollection - she was at the watch-house when I saw her again.
Q. Were there other persons that served in the shop besides yourself. - A Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COTTON
               



             On the 8th of January, between four and five o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Newport-market. She was going to take a leg of beef, she saw me, she put the leg of beef down; I took her in custody.
Q. Are you a constable. - A. No, a journeyman butcher in Newport-market. I examined her; she had got mutton and pork, and seventeen yards of printed cotton. I took her to the watch house. The cotton was given to the constable at the watch-house; he traced where the property belonged to.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWBURY
               



            . I am a constable I produce the piece of cotton; it was on the watch-house table when the prisoner was given in my charge. I have had it ever since.
Mr. ROBERTS. This is my cotton. It has my private shop mark.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor; I could not tell how I came by it. They took me to the watch house; I did not know where I came from. I never was guilty of a thing of the kind before.
GUILTY, aged 29,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

First Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
