





1448. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, three sacks, value 3s., and twelve bushels of barley, value 30s
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elias 
                  Edwards
               




            .


                  ELIAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Harlington


. On the 25th of September my barley was locked up in the barn; next day I missed twelve bushels and three sacks.


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a patrol at Harlington; the prisoner lived at Strandswell, which is eight miles from Harlington. Hearing of the robbery, I told Edwards that the prisoner's cart had been seen out. We got a search-warrant and searched the prisoner's house - We found a sack there which Edwards claimed; we went to his loft and found three sacks of barley-the prisoner was there at the time; he said there was nothing there but his own property.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. He never said he found it until after I searched his house; he said he meant to have it cried.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TOMPKINS
               



            . I am thrasher to Mr. Edwards. I locked the barn up safe on the 25th of September, next morning I found it open, and three sacks, with all the barley, gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  CARVER
               



            . I am a constable. I went with the search-warrant-while they were searching the house I went into the stable, where the prisoner kept his horses, and found his cart there, with the name of "
               
                  William 
                  Marshall
               



            , Fish Machine," on it. I saw the prisoner come out and go into the loft, he went to the public-house, and round to the loft, a girl went up to him, and told him they were searching his house; he asked what they were looking for, I said "they will be here in a minute;" I saw three sacks of barley there; the prisoner said there was nothing there but what belonged to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it not customary to go out at night to get fish - A. That is not the way to Billingsgate;the prisoner said there were three sacks, but the other two had been changed. He said he found the barley.
(Sack sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the barley in the sacks, and emptied it into my own sacks as it was wasting.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
