





1001. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August
, a jacket, value 15 s. a pocket-book, value 2 s. a bill of exchange for 13 l. 5 s. 8 d. and three 1 l.
             bank notes, the property of 
               
                  Palmer 
                  Tuddensham
               




            .
PALMER TUDDENSHAM. I lost my jacket at King-street, St. George's in the East


. My pocket-book was in my jacket pocket; my pocket-book contained a bill of exchange for thirteen pounds five shillings and eight-pence, and three one-pounds bank notes. The prisoner took the bill for payment. I took an officer, and apprehended him.
EBENEZER DALTON. I am an officer. On the 18th of October, Mr. Tuddensham applied at the office, saying, he had lost a bill of exchange, and other things; I went with Mr. Tuddensham to Mr. Lancaster, a butcher, Spitalfields-market; I there apprehended the prisoner, and searched him; I found nothing on him.
MR. LANCASTER. I am a butcher, in Spitalfields market. The prisoner Dixon offered me this bill; I can swear to the bill. When he brought it, he asked me to accept it. This is the bill.
Prosecutor. This is the bill; I lost it; I am sure of that.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went for payment of the bill, Mrs. Lancaster said Mr. Lancaster was not at home; the daughter told me it was a stolen bill. I paid for the bill in the public market, Smithfield.
Prosecutor. The bill is not negotiable; I never endorsed it.


                  AMELIA 
                  KARN
               



            . I was present when the prisoner took the bill.
Q. What bill is it - A. To be received on the day of payment.
Q. Where was it - A. In Smithfield market.
Q. Do you live with the prisoner - 
               A. 
            Sometimes; I am going to be married to him.




               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
