





563. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, a veil, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Leversatch
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Leversatch
                     



.


                  CATHERINE 
                  LEVERSATCH
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Leversatch
               



             is my husband. I lost my veil on the 6th of April, at eight o'clock in the evening, I was walking along
Long Acre


, I heard some footsteps following me very quick; the prisoner came up to me, and took my veil off my head; I turned immediately round, I saw the prisoner's face: the veil was not quite gone over my shoulder; I put up my hand to save myself, in my doing that, he took away the veil, and ran up Angel-court; I pursued him up the court, I cried stop thief; he was stopped at the end of of Rose-street and King-street; I came up and accused him; the veil was tied on my head when he took it away from me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILEY
               



            . On the 6th of April, about a quarter past eight in the evening, I was coming along Rose-street. I stopped at the end of Rose-street; I saw the prosecutrix come up to the prisoner, she said, he had robbed her of her veil. I said where; she replied, in Long Acre. I took the prisoner, and gave him in the charge of a constable; he took him to Bow-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge as God is my Saviour.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
