






466. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MACDONALD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gingell
                        




                     
                  , a watch, value 2 l. a gold seal, value 1 l. and a one pound bank note, his property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GINGELL
               



            . I am a labourer
 in the East India warehouse. On Saturday evening about twelve and one I was going to my lodgings at Pimlico; I met 
               
                  Ann 
                  Williams
               



             in Pimlico, I went home with her to her lodging, we went to bed; in the morning I was awoke by a man and woman, they used bad expressions and threatened me, that I was obliged to leave the house.
Q. Where was the woman - A. She went away from me; when they awoke me on searching my pocket, I found my watch, gold seal and a one pound note and some silver gone. On Sunday evening I applied to Green, the constable. I told him the case; Iwent with him to the Green Man and Still, and called for a pint of beer and the prisoner 
               
                  Ann 
                  Williams
               



             brought me the beer. I gave her in charge, I know nothing of the other woman.
Q. Were you sober on that night - A. I was rather in liquor. I am sure she is the woman.


                  EDWARD 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am officer. On Sunday evening about seven o'clock, Gingell came to me; he said he was robbed of a watch, some silver and a pound note, and a gold seal. He took me to Pear Street; we went to the Green Man and Still, he shewed me Nance Williams, and said that was the prisoner; I searched her, I found nothing on her but two shillings; she said afterwards she would shew me the girl that had the watch. I found the watch at the One Tun in Perkins's rents, Mrs. Harding produced it.


                  MARY 
                  HARDING
               



            . I keep the One Tun in Perkins's rents; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Macdonald
               



             came in my house about nine o'clock on Sunday morning she was very much in liquor, she asked me to take care of the watch for her till the next morning; Mr. Green came on the Sunday night, and then the watch that I received of Macdonald I gave to Mr. Green.
Macdonald's Defence. I came home before five in morning. I found the watch on the bed, (I sleep along with Williams) I gave it to Mrs. Harding to take care of till the next morning. I found nobody in the room at all.
Williams's Defence. This man had some drink several times in my room, and the last time I went out and returned there were no one in the room; I went out of the room, and pulled the door after me. I saw no more of him until I was taken.
MACDONALD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
