





902. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Betcy 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th of September
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, a lace veil, value 1 l. and a miniature picture, value 3 l. her property
            .


                  BETCY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live in Lisle-street. On the night of the 13th of September, about one o'clock, I was coming home, coming along Cranbourn-street


 I saw the prisoner with two other men; the prisoner took hold of me by the hair of my head, and snatched the veil from my face; he strove to get the miniature that was round my neck, there was glass before it, it was set in gold, and marked with G. E. He snatched that away from me; I cried out for help. The prisoner struck me three or four times; after that Mr. Webb came up; he secured the prisoner; I never lost sight of the prisoner. I saw Mr. Webb pick up the veil. The prisoner did not strike me until after he got the veil. It was a sudden snatch, the taking of the veil, and the miniature.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBB
               



            . I live at 19, Wardour-street, Soho. I had seen Betcy Johnson at the play; I had left her, and was happening to go up the same passage that she went up; I saw three men surround her; I saw the prisoner take the veil; I seized the prisoner; he dropped the veal. I did not see the miniature taken; he dropped the veil; I picked it up, and delivered it to the constable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I found the prisoner in the custody of Mr. Webb; in taking him to the watchhouse he offered me a shilling not to take him; I delivered him up to the constable; after that I went back, and found the glass.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to me; this veil was delivered to me by Mr. Webb.
Prosecutrix. It is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, I did not know what I was doing.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
