





601. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of May
, a pewter quart pot, value 18 d. and a pewter pint pot, value 14 d. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Harrison
                     



                  ; a pewter pint pot, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Pinnock
                     



                  ; two pewter pint pots, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Wilson
                     



                  ; and a pewter pint pot, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I keep the sign of the Monster
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street office. I went to the Monster public-house


. The prisoner was stopped by Mr. Pinnock. He had got this pot and three others from her, in my presence. She was given into my custody. I found these other five pots after them four. She had got the whole nine upon her at one time. After I put her in Tothill-field's prison, I went to her lodging, and found this frying-pan. It has melted pewter.


                  JOHN 
                  PINNOCK
               



            . I met the prisoner with a spouted pot in her hand. She appeared to me to be a stranger in the neighbourhood. I asked her, whose pot it was. It belonged to Mr. Harrison. I took two pots from her bosom, and one from under her cloak.
MR. HARRISON. These two are my pots.
MR. JACKSON. This is my pot. I keep the Compasses, at Chelsea




.
MR. PINNOCK. This is my pot.
MR. WILSON. This is my quart and pint. I keep the King's Head, Chelsea




.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to get my child from school. I met a woman; she desired me to take care of them pots, and not to let any body see them. She said, the man was coming out to fetch the pots in himself; she did not want him to see them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
