





1167. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     MACDONALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniousl assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Garrett
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 12th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will one watch, value 4l.; one chain, value 4s.; and one key, value 6d.
            , his property.
WILLIAM GARRETT. I live in Dock-street, Commercial-road. On the 12th of August, about ten o'clock at night, I had been to market; I was attacked at the end of Somerset-street, Whitechapel


, by the prisoner and five others. The prisoner drew my watch out of my fob-one of the others shoved me behind; I called out, and Smith came to my assistance-Johnston and I secured the prisoner, the others ran away. It was done instantaneously; he struck me on the breast before he drew my watch out-the others tried to rescue him; he never got out of my sight.
GEORGE JOHNSON. I am a stationer, and live in Buckle-street, Red Lion-street, Whitechapel. I saw the prisoner and several others, one of them pushed Garrett behind; he was quite close to him; the prisoner gave him a blow on the breast and then took his watch; he turned round and was going to make his escape, I collared him; he dropped the watch; I caught it before it got to the ground; the others tried to rescue him. I kept my hold.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an headborough I went towards the mob and saw the prisoners in Johnson and Garrett's custody - They tried to rescue him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               Stealing from the Person only.
            





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
