





439. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANGER
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing on the 27th of April
, a three-inch deal, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Hooper
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bedford
                  



               
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am a timber merchant

, my partners name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bedford
               



            , I live in St. Bartholomew the Great


.
Q. Did you lose this three-inch deal - A. Yes, I believe it is mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEABRIGHT
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Monday evening the 27th of April, I was alarmed about nine o'clock in the evening with the rattling of timber. I am a journeyman to, and I live upon Mr. Hooper's premises. I heard footsteps going up the court, it is no thoroughfare, I stepped out after it, and lost it, then about a quarter before ten o'clock we heard some footsteps come down the court again, when he came back I followed him out, he had got a deal upon his shoulder. I followed him into Aldersgate- him street, I then saw a watchman, I gave him in charge immediately.
Q. You did not see where he took the deal from - A. No.
Q. What became of the other man - A. There was only one at the second time. I secured that man with the deal.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPECK
               



            . I am a watchman. I was crying the hour of ten o'clock, the prisoner was coming across the road with this deal on his shoulder, the last witness gave me charge of him. I asked him where he brought the deal from, he said a man gave it him who was going to his club, he lived at 17, Grub-street.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. A man asked me to carry it home for him, his name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Harding
               



            , I have sent for him, he is not here.
Seabright. There is no thoroughfare there, and there are no deals there but what belong to Messrs. Hooper and Bedford, it laid about six or seven yards from my door.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
