





21. 
               
                  WILLIAM THOMAS 
                  SHELLITOE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 29th of November
, two coach glasses, value 10s. two rugs, value 2s. and one lock, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parkes
               




            , Esq.




                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am coachman to Richard Parkes, Esq. he lives in Broad-street, Bloomsbury; I missed the things on the 30th of November, at about eight o'clock in the morning, I had seen them at four o'clock on the afternoon of the 29th, in the coach-house, which was locked. I saw the glasses again at Bow-street the next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; on the 29th of November, about half past eight in the evening, I observed the prisoner come out of Great Russel-street and turn down George-street, with something under his arm, I told my brother officer to head him and stop him, which he did at the corner of Buckeridge-street, and took the glasses from under his arm, he got loose from us, and at that time he drew a large stable lock from under his arm, threw it down, and ran away; we followed him into a house, and up-stairs, under his bed, we found an iron crow.


                  THOMAS 
                  AMSDEN
               



            . On the 29th of November, about half past eight o'clock, the last witness desired me to follow the prisoner; he got away from us, and we followed him into a house in Buckeridge-street, and found him under the bed; he cried out, for God's sake do not hurt me. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence as follows:-My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, on the 29th of November, as I was returning home I saw something white laying on on the ground; I picked it up; a cry of stop thief was raised, and knowing the thing did not belong to me I threw it down. I was overtaken and secured. I have a large family, and implore the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
