





567. 
               
                  DIANNA 
                  YOUNG
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, two window curtains, value 8s.; one vallance, value 7s.; four petticoats, value 16s.; one veil, value 10s.; two gowns, value 1l. 8s.; one shawl, value 2l.; one purse, value 3d.; and 8s. 6d.; in monies, the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Wadsworth
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
CHARLES WADSWORTH. I keep a house in Bishopsgate-street


. I am a tea and coffee dealer
. On the 3d of April, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in the first floor-room; my wife gave me the key of the bedroom to take one of the children to bed, which is up another pair of stairs. When I was about half the way up stairs. I heard the bed-room door shut to, I went up, and found the prisoner in the room, shuffling a quantity of things towards the fire-place. I said what are you doing. I suppose you are going to take away every thing as well as my clothes, which you took before. Who let you in, and who is concerned with you? She answered, "you are mistaken. I am just come up; I only wanted a nurse." I asked her where she came from; she replied, that she came from Hammersmith, and then from Rateliff Highway; and, she had been to 34, Bishopsgate-street, to ask for a man of the name of Gardener; she also said, that they referred her to my residence. I told her, it was impossible. She next said, that the lady below sent her up stairs. I called the lady to come up, who keeps a shop on the ground-floor of my house. She came up, and the prisoner said, "you know me, Ma'am;" but the Lady said,"I know nothing of you." I told her she was concerned with somebody who knew my premises very well. I sent for an officer. She fell on her knees, and begged I would not; for she would expose the parties she was concerned with, but she was afraid her husband should know. I gave her in charge.
Court. Q. How came you to say, you are going to take every thing from me, as you did my clothes before. - A. I had lost a suit of clothes a short time before. I knew somebody must have been in my room with a key. I thought they would come again. I allude to the other robbery. The street door was frequently open. The room door was unlocked by somebody.


                  HARRIET 
                  WADSWORTH
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Wadsworth. My husband lets the house out: the ground floor is let out in two shops: the bed-room is up two pair of stairs; the rest of the house is let as counting-houses. My husband called me up; I found the prisoner in the room: she told me not to be frightened at seeing her, and wanted very much to take the child from me. I told her she had been taking my things out of my drawers (which were then lying in the hearth.) She said I had made a mistake, and had taken them out myself. She cried very much, and said she was sent by a fair young man. The next morning I found a key put between our two beds. I tried it with the lock of the drawer: it opened it. I lost the articles stated in the indictment; all of them were found on the hearth except the purse, which I did not miss till the next day. I never saw the prisoner before-nothing was taken out of the room.


                  RUTH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a fruiterer, and lodge in the first floor of Wadsworth's house. I was called up into their bed-room, and found the prisoner there. The things laid on the ground in great confusion. She said she wanted to speak to Mrs. Lloyd. I told her my name was Lloyd, and that I never saw her before. I did not know her.


                  THOMAS 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. I found 16s. or 17s. on her, and some copper.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is a falsehood with respect to my taking the purse and money.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
Of stealing to the value of 39s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
