





283. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of March
, a lamp, burner, and reflector, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Apsley 
                  Pellatt
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Green
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leader
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I live in Little Knight-rider-street, Doctors'-Commons. On the 3d of March the prisoner brought a lamp to pledge I had received information from Mr. Pellatt. I took the lamp to Mr. Pellatt and Green, in St. Paul's Churchyard


; they came to our shop, and took her in custody. She then said, that she had found it.
APSLEY PELLATT, Jun. On the 3d of March, at seven o'clock in the morning, on my coming down to let the men in to work as usual, I perceived both the burners of the street lanthorn gone, and there was a ladder there on the outside of the shop, and one of the panes of glass of the lanthorn was broken. I immediately went to the pawnbrokers round about, and informed them of the circumstance, and described the lamps. About ten o'clock the same morning Mr. Taylor, servant to Mr. Lock, brought the lamp, which I thought to be ours. I immediately called the man who trimmed it, and he swore to it.
Q. Do you know any thing of the woman - A. I never saw her before; she seemed very much intoxicated when she was taken. The ladder that was left on the right side of our shop was not marked; we could not ascertain whose ladder it was; we have it still in our possession.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Paul's-chain, about six o'clock in the morning, I found the lamp there by one of the pillars in St. Paul's Church-yard. I am a chairwoman
; I was going out to work that morning.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
