





1524. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DORMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 12 lbs. of lead, value 1 s., and 10 lbs. of copper, value 12 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Richardson
                        



                     
                  , deceased
, and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     George James 
                     Lock
                  



               
            , and fixed to a building of his.


                  JAMES 
                  SALTER
               



            . I am a market gardener, and live at North End, Fulham; I know Mr. Richardson's house - it is at Fullham


. Between twelve and one o'clock, as I was going to market, I went to call a man up, who said he had heard a noise by Mr. Richardson's. I went across the garden, and saw the prisoner and Bolton there - I knew them before; I saw them drop off Richardson's wall. As soon as Bolton dropped, I saw him pick up a sheet of copper, and run up my father's garden with it, (which joins Mr. Richardson's premises), and the prisoner went away with the ladder that they had used to get over the wall with, which is about fourteen feet high. I ran after him, but he dropped the ladder, and got from me - he had nothing but the ladder. I followed Bolton so close, that he dropped the copper, and got away. I continued watching, but saw no traces of them.


                  SARAH 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Richardson
               



            . On Saturday, the 5th of June, I got up between six and seven o'clock in the morning. My sister, who lives at Salter's, came and told me what had happened; I went out, and unlocked the gate. Salter came in and found the tools; the lead and copper had been forced off our privy, and the privy adjoining, which belonged to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  James Lock
               



            . Part of it was stolen before, but some was taken that night.


                  JAMES 
                  SALTER
               



             re-examined. I found a holdfast, some pincers, a crow-bar, and a knife.


                  JAMES 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am a carter. I was coming down the garden, and heard somebody on Mr. Richardson's privy, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, of the 5th of June. I went close up, and looked at them over a wall for about five minutes; it was the prisoner and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bolton
               



             - I knew them before; the prisoner lived about one hundred yards from Richardson's. They ran away, and I saw Bolton drop the copper; we have not found him since - they threw the lead and copper down; I picked part of it up, and then went to market with my master's cart. The prisoner never came to his lodgings after that night, that I could hear of. I did not go to look for him.


                  ISAAC 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a patrol. I apprehended the prisoner near the Wheat Sheaf, public-house, Percey's-green, Walham-green, on the 23d of September; I had been informed of the robbery some time before, and looked after the prisoner. I endeavoured to find him at his parents' - he was coming from there when I took him. I asked him if his name was Dormer? He said it was not - he had some victuals in his apron. I asked him if he knew any thing of this concern? he denied it - Salter delivered me the copper. I had often passed his street - he was there. I cannot find Bolton.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the place, for as this happened on a Saturday, I stopped to work, nobody offered to detain me. I went home on Sunday, a brick-maker asked me to go to Cowley to work; I went, and continued there all the Summer - the first morning I came home I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
