





115. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SCRAFTON SHARPE
               



            . I am a grocer at the corner of Mark-lane, Fenchnrch-street. On the 19th of October, the prisoner came into my shop, he said he wanted a pound of eight shilling black tea for 
               
                  Charles 
                  Martin
               



            , of Venterer's Hall; he said, he had left his service and had returned again to it; I believed his story to be true, that he was in the service of Mr. Martin. I gave him the article, and the bill of parcel of the same goods. He came again the next day, and said he wanted a pound of black tea and a pound of green tea for the same master's use for the country. I gave that to him, with a bill of parcels. On the 22nd he came again, he then said he wanted a pound of green tea, for town; he represented that to be for his master's town use, it was his master's custom to have a pound of black tea and a pound of green, that he should have taken it the other day; he had the green tea, two pounds and a half of currants, three pounds of moist sugar, and nine pounds of loaf sugar; I let him have them believing him to be Mr. Martin's servant; each time he came he said he was glad of having returned. My brother is my only partner, his name is Thomas; he called again on Saturday the 29th, I had suspicion; I sent to Mr. Martin; the messinger returned, I detained the prisoner, and took him before the Lord Mayor.


                  CHARLES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . The prisoner had formerly been my servant; I gave him no authority to apply for these parcels; he had left me a year and a half. I did not know that he had gone for these goods.
MRS. 
               MARTIN, Q.
             Did you know that the prisoner had gone for all these goods - A. No, he had no authority from me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in hopes of paying Mr.Sharp before my master knew.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
