





1338. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, one blanket, value 2 s; one sheet, value 4 s., and one coverlid, value 1 s, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Chapman
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room; also one blanket, value 2 s.; one pair of shoes, value 4 s., and two shawls, value 7 s.
            , his property.


                  ANN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Chapman
               



            , who is a carpenter
, and lives in Chapman-street, Commercial-road


, I let the prisoner my back-parlour furnished,we were to agree about the price on Saturday night. He came on the 14th of September, about eight o'clock in the evening. I went out, and while I was gone, he robbed the house and went away.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I was at the house; the prisoner came to lodge there. Between nine and ten o'clock there was an alarm that a person had gone out with a bundle; I went down stairs, found him gone and the bedclothes also. I ran out, and took him in about two hours at the Hoop and Grapes, public-house, Ratcliff-highway. I held him, and told the people to assist me, but they would not - he got from me; I caught him a second time; he escaped again, and was taken in Old Gravel-lane, he was taken to the watch-house; I am sure he is the man. Next day the bundle was brought to the office.


                  JAMES 
                  CRUTCHER
               



            . On Tuesday evening, the 14th of September, about ten o'clock at night, I was coming up Old Gravel-lane, heard the cry of Stop thief! and stopped the prisoner in the road - I gave him to the watchman. The constable of the night found a shawl between his waistcoat and shirt, which the prosecutrix claimed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am a headborough. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - he denied all knowledge of it. I found a shawl under his jacket, and the other things in a bundle at the Jolly Sailors, public-house. He said he left the rest of the property there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor left me in the house; Scott gave me the bundle, asked me to leave it at the Jolly Sailors, public-house, and told me to sell one shawl. I sold it to a Jew, and gave her the money.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SCOTT
               



             re-examined. It is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
