







171. 
               
                  
                     EDMOND 
                     PAGE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
, eighteen pairs of shoes, value 4l. the property of 
                     
                        David 
                        M'Queen
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .

DAVID
             M'QUEEN. I am a shoe maker
. On the 23rd of December last, I lived at 93, Drury-lane


; I kept a shop
 there, I am a house-keeper. In the evening of the 22nd, there were several people came into my shop to purchase shoes, and among others, the prisoner Page, and a lame man; I don't know who the lame man was. He tried on several pair of shoes, and none would fit him but a pair, which were unbound; Page did not want any. They said they would return in an hour and a half, when these shoeswere to be bound for them. When they were in the shop, I missed some shops; but did not take any particular notice until they were gone out; then I made a search, and missed eighteen pairs, they were tied up in three separate parcels, and when I had last seen them, I put them down towards the right hand coming into the shop. I missed some before they went out; they went past where they were. There were three men and two women in the shop besides them; this was Saturday, and a busy evening; the value was between three and four pounds.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LANK
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. On the 23rd of last month, the Saturday, I saw the three prisoners at the bar, in company with a lame man, coming out of a public-house, in New-street, Covent Garden. I suspected that there was something wrong going on, and I turned in Bedfordbury, and watched them. They had a lame man in company; the prisoners Cole and Page went on first, and the lame man and the boy, Scott, followed;they went down into Chandos-street, and thence into Maiden-lane, and through the different streets, until they came into Drury-lane; they went as direct a line as they could to this man's shop; before they stopped, they looked through the window for a minute or so, and then went about twenty yards below the shop, and had some conversation together. I placed myself on the opposite side of the way, and continued watching them. The boy, Scott, followed the lame man in; as soon as he got in, he took a bundle of shoes, and was coming out, and Page made room for him; he came out of the shop with the shoes under his arm; the prisoner, Page, was covering him while he stole the shoes in the shop. I let him go until I thought he had got out of the hearing of the other prisoners, I then took him into custody; he began hallooing, but I told him if he hallooed, I would choake him. Cole only stood and looked through the window. I left my brother officer to watch the other men. I took the shoes to the office, and locked the boy up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. I was with the former witness the whole of the time on the night in question. I saw the three prisoners come out with the lame man at the public-house; Cole was the man who went to different corners of the street, looking for the boy, not knowing that he was in custody; Page and the lame man were still in the shop at the time I returned; on their coming out, they all three joined company together. I went so near them that I could hear their conversation; I got close to their heels; I heard them in conversation in the dark, saying, they supposed the boy must have returned to the house whence they first came out of. Cole knocked the lame man down, saying, "he was going to bilk him out of his whack, he said, he would not let one out of his swagg." I took Page in custody, and took him up to the office. I could not get the other two. In about half an hour afterwards, Cole came up to the office, to know if any thing very particular happened within two hours, and I took him into custody. I searched Page, and found a bad dollar in one pocket, and a bad dollar in another pocket.
Page's Defence. This lame man owed Mr. Cole and me some money. When we met him, we asked him for it; he said, he had only got a one-pound note; but he was going to buy a pair of shoes, and if we would go with him, when he got change, he would pay us the money. We waiked with him to this shoe-maker's shop, Cole waited on the outside; the lame man could only find one pair to fit him, and that was not bound; we agreed to call again in an hour for them. We then went to have something to drink, and on coming out, the lame man said he should not know the shop again. Then Cole said he wanted to bilk him; that was an excuse not to get change. Then they fell quarrelling, and Cole made a bit at the lame man: I took the lame man's part, and was quitting the quarrel when Mr. Godfrey took me into custody.
Cole's Defence. What this young man says, is true.
PAGE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
SCOTT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 12.
COLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Richards.
