






1173. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  ROBINSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, one counterpane, value 5s.; twenty-seven yards of printed cotton, value 10s.; one pelisse, value 2s.; one gown, value 1s.; one coat, value 4s., and one sheet, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     White
                  




               
            .
JAMES WHITE. I am a painter and glazier
, and live in Fann-street, Aldersgate-street


. On the 27th of July, about twelve o'clock, I went out, leaving my things in the two pair front-room; I have lodgers. I returned in the evening, about half-past nine o'clock, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. The prisoner, Robinson, is my wife's sister, and had access to my rooms; the man is a stranger. The next day I appehended the man at Holloway-mount, in consequence of information. While he was before the Alderman, Robinson gave herself up, and told where the property was.



                  MARTHA 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I live in Turnmill-street, my husband is a carpenter. The prisoner, Robinson, sold me the duplicate of a counterpane and some bed-furniture.
JOHN BOTELAR. I am servant to Mr. Hill, a pawnbroker, who lives in Turnmill-street. On the 28th of May, Robinson pledged a pelisse with me for 2s. 6d.; and Brooks pledged the bed-furniture in the name of Watson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Turnmill-street. I have a man's coat, pledged on the 27th of July, by the prisoner Brooks, in the name of Watson, Grubb-street, for 3s.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURCHILL
               



            . I am a headborough. I took Brooks into custody; I asked him when he had seen Robinson last? he said he had not seen her for four months.


                  RICHARD 
                  DANIEL
               



             FALLSHAW. I am an officer of St. Lukes. I was with Burchill; he has spoken correctly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BROOKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Confined Two Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
