





175. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BOWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 3rd of January
, one hamper, value 1s. 9d.; eightyfour glass bottles, value 17s. 6d.; and thirty-six pints of essence of anchovies, value 3l.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Burgess
               



             and 
               
                  
                     William Robert 
                     Burgess
                  



               
            .
GEORGE WICKERS. I am servant to Messrs. Burgess. On the 3rd of January I packed up seven dozen of anchovies in a hamper, and assisted in putting them into the cart, which Purle drove.
ROBERT PURLE. I drove the cart; as I was coming down Redcross-street I missed the hamper out of the cart. I met Palley, and in consequence of the information he gave me, I ran into the Crescent, and met Handley; I soon after saw the prisoner, in company with another man, who had the hamper on his back. I attempted to seize the other man, but he threw the hamper down and ran away. I secured the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. The other man had the hamper. I did not see the prisoner near the cart.


                  CHARLES 
                  PALLEY
               



            . On the evening of the 3rd of January, I was at the corner of Jewin-street, I saw the prisoner, and another man, behind the cart; they pulled the hamper out of the cart, and rested it on the other side of the way; two men ran up to them and helped it on one of their shoulders, and then all four ran up Jewin-street. I informed the carter of it, and he ran after them - I went with him. Handley met us, and the carter went into the Crescent, by his direction. I saw the carter bring the prisoner back. I knew him directly. I am sure he is the man who took it.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. The prisoner was a stranger to me. I was on the pavement. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I live in Jewin-street Crescent. On the 3rd of January, about five o'clock, I saw two men, with a hamper, going on in a great hurry. I met the carter, and went with him to look after them; the carter collared the man who had the hamper, he threw it down and got away. I laid hold of the prisoner. He was with the man who had got the hamper.
THOMAS WILLY. I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the Crescent; a man threw down the hamper, I stopped to see what was the matter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
