






245. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BEARDON
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, one piece of printed cotton, value 1l. 5s.; the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Craig
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
RICHARD HODGES. I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Craig
               



            , who is a linen-draper
, in Oxford-street


. On the 10th of December, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner walking about the door with another man, I noticed him; they were looking at some goods inside the door, and talking to one another; there were several persons serving in the shop; I was the nearest to the door. I saw he was gone from the door, and a girl came in and gave the information. I did not see him take the cotton. I pursued him, his companion had left him. I saw him throw the cotton out of his apron into an area; as soon as I came out of the door. I followed him into Soho-square, and took him. I did not lose sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner, and the cotton, were delivered to me by Hodges. The cotton was dirty.


                  JULIA 
                  JELKS
               



            . I live in Adam and Eve court. I was sitting at my mother's stall, which is opposite the shop, and saw the prisoner and another man standing under the door. The prisoner took the cotton up and put it in his apron, and went away. I went in and told the men. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               Stealing only
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
