





857. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of July
, one pound eight ounces weight of tea, value 7 s.
             the property of the 
               
East India Company




            .


                  WALTER 
                  SALTER
               



            . I am an Excise officer. On the 15th of July I was stationed at the East India dock


. The prisoner was working there. Upon searching him; I found upon him a pound of tea concealed in a bag in his breeches. Upon my finding this bag of tea in his breeches he said he was sorry it happened. I gave the prisoner in charge of Mr. Over. Mr. Brooks came to him. I did not see any thing that was found afterwards. The bag appears to be a new bag; I don't think it has been used before. The company had tea there where the prisoner was employed.


                  RICHARD 
                  OVER
               



            . I am a Thames police officer. On the 15th of July the prisoner was given into my charge by the last witness. I said I was sorry to see him in such a situation. He said he had been working on board the Cumberland, East Indiaman. He said it was a new bag; it was the first offence.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am superintendant on the part of the East India Company, at their dock. The property in question is their property, and it was taken from their dock. I saw the prisoner in the Exciseman's office. On my seeing this bag I thought it was a systematick proceeding. I took the prisoner's hat; I found this bag; it went round the prisoner's hat. I then told the prisoner this seemed to be a systematick plan. The prisoner said it was the first time he had been persuaded by a man at Camberwell, a tailor, who had made these things. He said he got the tea from the Cumberland. I have seen the chests on board the Cumberland. I found a great number of the chests had been plundered of this tea.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
