





939. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               a misdemeanor
            .
JAMES M'LAREN. I am a shoemaker in Cornhill. I have known the prisoner between two or three years. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Atkinson
               



            , her husband, was employed by me as a journeyman lady's shoe maker. I settled with him every Friday night, between seven and eight o'clock.
Q. How much could she earn a week. - A. Twelve shillings upon an average. On the 4th of October, I paid the prisoner one pound sixteen shillings and threepence, upon her coming in the usual way, and presenting the book I paid her. She takes the book up stairs to my foreman, his name is Young, he signs the book, and I pay upon that signature. She brings the husband's book, and always came and took the money for the husband.
Q. Have you any means of knowing that this is notthe husband's making out, and his writing - A. No, I have not. This is the book that she presented to me, I supposing it all to be right paid the money; the bills have been made out in the same hand-writing for three years. This largest book is the book she brought me. I never saw the book my foreman signed and made out until she was apprehended; this book has my foreman's signature, it is fourteen shillings and twopence; that is the book she should have presented to me; but upon presenting to me this book, twenty pair making and binding, one pound sixteen shillings and threepence; I paid her that sum.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. M'Laren. The prisoner came to me on the 4th of October to make out a list of her husband's work; I made it and signed to no more than fourteen shillings and two-pence, that is the wages of the week for ten pair. The other book is a forgery.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence; called six witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
