






367. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILCOX
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAINES
                  




               
            , were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 7th of February
, one barrel, value 1s. 6d., and 224 lbs. of salt fish, value 2l. 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Saunders
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a waterman. I was standing at the bottom of Darkhouse-lane, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning of the 7th of February. I saw three young men come down the lane. I was standing at the King's Head, at the bottom of the lane. I saw the two prisoners and another man. The barrel stood upon its head, the other man threw it down and tried to roll it away, he could not; but the prisoner, Haines, rolled it away from Darkhouse-lane to Botolph Wharf, I there lost sight of the barrel and the three men. I went round Billings gate to look for Smith, who had the barrel in his charge, he went to look after the men and took them. I am suret he two prisoners are two of them. Willcox was with them when they rolled it away.
Prisoner HAINES. Q. Did you see me on the quay at the time it was done - A. I am sure I saw him roll it away.


                  ARTHUR 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a waterman. I was at Billingsgate plying-place


. My back was toward the prisoners at the time it was taken. The last witness said, it was stolen - I missed it immediately. Mr. Smith went over London-bridge and I remained in Thamas-street. I saw the man who escaped and the prisoner, Wilcox, with it, at the foot of the bridge, I stopped to watch them till Smith returned, he secured Wilcox, and I took care of the barrel; the other man ran away. The prisoner, Haines, was coming down Fish-street-hill, I attempted to stop him, he said, if I did not let him go, he would cut my bl-dy head off, and put himself in a posture of defence. I afterwards took him, with the help of others.


                  HENRY 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Ward, of Thames-street. As I was coming from my breakfast, I saw the prisoner, Haines, rolling the barrel, he rolled it to the top of Thames-street and put it under one of the town carts, and left it there, and went across. Wilcox and another man came and took it up, and put it on the curb. I followed Haines up Fish-street - hill. We then both took him, he wanted to fight Randall. I am sure he is the man that I saw with the barrel.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a ticket-porter. On the 7th of February, as I was coming down Darkhouse-lane, Walker told me one of the barrels was taken. I ran up the gateway and over London-bridge to Tooley-street. I returned and could not see the barrel in any of the carts as I passed, when I came to the bottom of the bridge at the archway of the church, I saw it against the post, the two prisoners were standing within three yards of it; when Haines saw me he ran away. I seized Wilcox, he said, he knew nothing of the transaction, that he was only standing there for a cart, as his father was gone to Billingsgate. I told him I should detain him. I slackened my hand from his collar, and he ran as far as Fishmonger's-hall - He was secured again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an officer of Bridge Ward. At a little before ten o'clock, I was coming over London-bridge, and saw the cask standing by the church. I was told it was stolen and took Haines into custody. I took both the prisoners. I am sure they are the men.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wilcox's Defence. I was looking for my father's cart.
WILCOX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HAINES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
