





1230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, 16 s., in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Thomas 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THOMAS BROOKS
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Duke-street, Manchester-square


; the prisoner lived five or six years with me, as porter
. Having several times missed money from the bureau, on Friday night, the 16th of July, I counted 4 l. 7 s., and marked it, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - the prisoner slept in the house, and sat up after us. I locked the bureau, and put the key into my waistcoat-pocket. I have several young men. Next morning, about nine o'clock, I examined my bureau, found the lock not injured, but 16 s. gone. I called all the servants up, except one, who had just come. I informed them of my loss, and proposed that they should all shew the money they had about them, which they did very willingly. The prisoner produced some silver - I took hold of a half-crown that was marked, sent for a constable, and on his person, and in his box, I found all the 16 s., marked in the same way. I told him I was sure he had a key which fitted my bureau - he then gave me a key from his pocket, which fitted it - it was filed a great deal. It is a skeleton key. Mine is a patent lock.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  RICKMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the money found on the prisoner. I persuaded him to deliver up the key, it opened the bureau much easier than the right one.
MR. BROOKS re-examined. It is the money I marked.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
