







1320. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COX
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, one table-cloth, value 10 s.; two pair of trowsers, value 5 s., and one pair of drawers, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis Augustus 
                     Laboure
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  EDMONDS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Augustus Laboure
               



            , who lives in Piccadilly


. On the 21st of July, these things were in the servants' hall. I went out, and on my return I saw the prisoner, Cox, come out of the little passage into the area. I asked her what she wanted? She said she wanted a young woman, named 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             - no such person lived there; she went away. In a few minutes I saw Freeman come out of the cellar, which opens into the little passage. I passed him, thinking it might be one of the male servants going out; I then thought I would go and see who it was, and saw him go up the steps with a bundle of linen under his arm. I followed, and saw him deliver it to Cox, they both went a little way down Piccadilly. I took hold of Freeman, and asked him what he had taken out of the house? He said he had only been selling books there. I asked him if he had been into the wine-cellar to sell books. A man was coming by, and I asked his assistance; Freeman then seized me by both arms, and Cox ran away with the bundle - the man took him, I followed Cox, and secured her with the bundle, which contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and took Cox - I let her go, thinking she would go to the man. Freeman was then given into my charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FREEMAN'S Defence. I was going to Corporal 
               Eady
            , and met Cox; she said she was charged with stealing a bundle of linen. I left her, and was taken.
COX'S Defence. I was taken in Bolton-street.
FREEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
COX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
