





771. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of September
, three sows, value 6 l. and six pigs, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hayne
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Hayne, at Kentish-town lodge


. On the night of the 9th of September the pigs were safe in the sty; on the next morning at six o'clock I went to the hog-sty, the pigs were gone; the staple of the pig-sty was broken, and the door forced open. On the next day I went in search of the pigs, and in Sash-court, Wilson-street, Moorfields, there I found one of the sows alive; we took the prisoner with us there. In consequence of information we went to a stable in a court in the Old Bailey, and in that stable we found the prisoner; then we took the prisoner with us to Sash-court; he told us where he lived, he pointed out the house to us, and when I got there I knew that sow to be my master's; the prisoner said he did not know any thing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  HANLIN
               



            . I keep the turnpike-gate at Gray's inn-lane road. A boy that morning was driving three large pigs along, and six small pigs, about six o'clock in the morning.
Q. Was any person with the lad - A. No person that I saw but the lad; the prisoner is very nigh the size of the lad; I cannot swear to the boy. The next day put one I saw the prisoner at Bow-street, he was then dressed in a blue coat, and the boy that paid me the toll was dressed in a blue coat.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a servant to a butcher in Kentish town.
Q. On the morning of the 10th of September were you coming to Newgate-market - A. Yes; I was in Gray's-inn-lane about six o'clock. I saw the prisoner there, he was driving three sows and six pigs, in Gray'sinn-lane towards London. Soon afterwards I saw him again, just by the end of the Old Bailey, he had the same sows and pigs with him there; one of the sows ran away down Snow-hill, I got out of my cart and assisted him, there was no man with him then, afterwards a man came down Newgate-street with a small pig on his back. I afterwards saw a sow at Bow-street, I am sure that is the same sow.
MR. MULLEN. I live in Moorfields, I am the owner of the house where the sow was found; the cellar where the sow was, is an open cellar, the prisoner and his father lodged in the house, and all the lodgers had access to that cellar.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILES
               



            . I am a ticket porter.
Q. Did you see the prisoner with some pigs - A. No, I saw the pigs, two of them were catched and taken into a stable in a court, in the Old Bailey; the next day I took Smith the officer to that stable, and the lad was in that stable then,


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was taken by the last witness to a stable in a court in the Old-Bailey, I there saw the prisoner; I afterwards went with him to the house, where he said he lodged, the boy gave me the key, I afterwards went into the cellar and saw the sow there, that sow afterwards was produced at Bow-street.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



            . I searched this house in Sash-court, I found four pigs in the house; a person came and owned them at Worship-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw them pigs, they are my master's.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Chandler, a salesman, in Newgate-market. On the morning of the 11th of September, when I came to Newgate-market, I saw the sow hanging on the meat-hooks, the prisoner was walking backwards and forwards, I asked him who that sow belonged to, he said it belonged to him, he asked me to chop it down, I told him it would fetch more to sell it whole, he gave me three-pence for chopping it down.
Prisoner's Defence. On Sunday night Mr. Banks, the Blacksmith, told me he should have a job for me to go as far as the turnpike, Battle-bridge, he would pay me for the trouble; I met him there about six o'clock, he gave me the pigs to drive home, I drove them home, he received them, he asked my father to kill the fat sow, he did, and I took it to Newgate-market, I booked it in my own name, I was to deliver the money to him, and he would pay me he said for my trouble.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
