







277. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February
, a handkerchief,value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Garthwaite
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GARTHWAITE
               



            . I am a broker
.
Q. Where were you when your pocket was picked - A. I cannot say where I was. I was going from the Haymarket


 to Covent Garden theatre


. It was near seven o'clock on Thursday night, the 3d of February. I had got as far as the corner of Long Acre; the officer asked me if I had lost my handkerchief; I told him I had. He then told me to accompany him; I did so. We came into St. Martin's-court; the officer said they were there. The officer and I followed them up New-street, Covent Garden; they stopped under the piazzas in Covent Garden; the officer seized Williams and Smith, and I seized Brown.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer of the City. On the 3d of February last, about seven in the evening, I saw the three prisoners going through Cranbourne-alley into St. Martin's-court; knowing them, I followed them. I saw Smith and Williams following Mr. Garthwaite. I followed them through the court, until they came to the end of Newport-market. The prisoner, Williams, walked sharply up to the gentleman, laid hold of the bottom of his coat, and drawed the handkerchief out of his pocket. The prisoners not being close together, I let them cross over towards Long Acre, and directly they crossed over towards Long Acre the prisoner, Williams, gave the handkerchief to Smith. I saw which way they were going, and suspecting they were going into Cranbourne-alley again, I ran and apprised the prosecutor that he had lost his handkerchief; he came back with me. I told him that I knew the lads that had taken his handkerchief; if he would come back with me I would pick them out. We met with the prisoners again in St. Martin's-court; they were about two or three yards from each other. The prisoner, Williams, was following another gentleman. I told the prosecutor they had just passed us; I would let them go further on before I took them. I followed them into New-street. I saw Williams and Smith follow a gentleman close there. Brown was some distance behind. I let them go into the piazzas, and there I took Smith and Williams, and Mr. Garthwaite took John Brown. I searched the prisoners; on the prisoner, Smith, I found this handkerchief; this handkerchief belongs to the prosecutor; it was in Smith's hat. I saw Williams take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Smith, and on Smith I found it.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at your handkerchief - A.It is my handkerchief; it has my initials on it.
Brown's Defence. I am innocent of the charge alleged against me.
Smith's Defence. I met the prisoner, Williams, in Covent Garden; he told me he had a handkerchief he would sell me for half-a-crown. How he came possessed of it I know not. I said I would get the money for it of my mother.
Williams's Defence. The gentleman took me under the piazzas, Covent Garden.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.






               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
