






316. 
               
                  
                     FELIX 
                     GIBBON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOFFMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 50lbs. of sugar, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Trollop
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James
               



            .


                  HENRY 
                  TROLLOP
               



            . I am a sugar-refiner

, in partnership with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James
               



             - We live in New-road, St.George's in the East.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 9th of May, about three o'clock in the morning, I saw a person knocking at a door in Phillip-street - he seemed very much agitated, and repeated his knocks and called out. Before I got up to him, he had got in; he had a bundle with him. I suspected all was not right. I listened, and heard a man and a woman talking. I stopped for a few minutes, and heard the street-door open and shut, and looked round and saw a man come from the door, and go towards Thomas-street. He met another man - They both returned talking together. When they came within about twelveyards of me, I went up to them, and asked them what they had got? Hoffman was one of them and Gibbon, the other, had a bundle under his arm. He said he was going on board a ship, and that he had loaves. I seized him and said, "they are loaves of sugar." I secured him, and Gibbon got away. I do not know who the man was that went into the house.


                  RICHARD 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Trollop. On the 8th of April last, I lent the prisoner, Gibbon, the key of the gate for him to come to work at two o'clock in the morning, as they had a great deal to do.
FRANCIS JACKSON. I am an officer. About three o'clock in the morning of the 9th of April, the prisoner, Hoffman, was brought to the watch-house. I went to the house, in Phillip-street, and found four more loaves of sugar. I found the key of the gate of the premises on the prisoner, Hoffman, and about eight or nine o'clock I apprehended Gibbon.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOFFMAN'S Defence. I was hired to carry it.
HOFFMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GIBBON-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
