





932. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HANKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for that, 


               he on the 28th of August
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hale
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hale
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wiggens
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Wall 
                           Lynn
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by them to receive monies, and valuable securities for them; and that he by virtue of his employment did receive 25 one pound bank notes on their account, and afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same.
            

SECOND COUNT, stating that he received twenty-four one pound bank notes and thirteen shillings in monies numbered, and that he did afterwards embezzle, secrete, and steal the same.



                  PETER 
                  WORKMAN
               



            . Q. In the month of August last did you keep the Blue Anchor, in Fenchurch-street 


- A. I did.
Q. Were you indebted to Messrs. Hale and Co. for beer - A. I was.
Q. Did you know the prisoner - A. Yes. He came to me as their collecting clerk. In the beginning of August I paid him twenty-five pounds. I cannot say whether there was one, two, or three, five-pound notes. I paid that sum to him. He signed that receipt. I cannot say they were all one-pound notes.


                  GEORGE 
                  HALE
               



            . Q. You are a brewer



. What are the names of your firm - A. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hale
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Hale
               



            , William Wiggens, and 
               
                  Wall 
                  Lynn
               



            : four partner's.
Q. In the month of August last, and long before, was the prisoner in your employ - A. He has been two years in my employ as collecting clerk, and two years before that as accompting-house clerk.
Q. Was it part of his duty to receive money of your customers, and to pay it you - A. To pay it into the firm, to the receiver of the house. He quitted my service on the 5th of September.
Q. Has he paid you the twenty-five pounds which it appears that he received from Mr. Workman - A. Certainly not.
Q. Did you ask him particularly whether his acaccompts were all right - A. We did. He said, certainly it was.
Q. On the next day did you receive that letter - A. That letter is his hand-writing, certainly. I did not see it for some days afterwards. It came to one of my partners, who shewed it me. It is signed, 
               
                  James 
                  Hankinson
               



            . There is no address: that is tore off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WIGGENS
               



            . Q. You are of the partners of that house - A. I am.
Q. Did you receive that letter - A. I did. I tore the address off. It was addressed to me.
(Read.)
="SIR,
I am sorry to be under the necessity of informing you, that I have acted in a manner of which I am ashamed of, and most dreadfully shocked. I have been led by those I considered my friends, which will place a stigma upon my character all my life. I have used that in right, which was not my own. I have quitted town in hopes of procuring money, to replace that which I have so unjustly made use of. Oh, my good sir, if you have the kindness not to let this come to the ears of no one, and particularly my injured friend, 
               J. 
            Hale, you may be assured I will replace every penny I have made use of; and believe me, sir, I remain,
your humble servant, 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HANKINSON
               



            .
Pray, sir, do not let this be known, or I shall for ever be ruined, although I know I deserve every thing bad.="
Q. to Mr. Hale. On the 25th of September was your firm the same as it is now - A. Yes, and some months before that.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the Jury, I must trust to your kind indulgence a few minutes. I lived with my late employers five years, during which period I served them with the utmost integrity. I was informed, a fortnight before I left them, by the senior partner, that they had no further occasion for me: the reason was, 
               
                  William 
                  Wiggens
               



             intended to collect my department himself; Mr. Hale handsomely saying, it was on that account he parted with me. I did all I could to induce every one of my friends to continue their favours to my late employers, which they promised me the would, on my account. The day after I quitted their service, (as appears by that letter), I informed them that I was going to Northumberland, there to try my friends to assist me to balance my accounts. I now solemnly declare I never intended to rob or defraud my employers. I assure you, my not being able to balance my accompts was owing to my expences being considerably more than I had, or could charge them. Mr. Wiggens can testify for my conduct: when I was at Northumberland he promised me that Mr. Hale, and the rest of the gentlemen, would accede to my balancing my accounts. When I arrived there I was left in the accompting-house, in an unlocked room, and at that time Mr. Wiggens went, and returned with an officer. I hope you will excuse me, and I will trust to your just decision.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
