







207. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  KING
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     MURRELL
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December

, one bed, value 5l.; one bolster, value 5s.; four blankets, value 14s.; one rug, value 3s.; one set of fire-irons, value 6s.; one tea-kettle, value 1s.; one candlestick, value 6d.; and one tea-board, value 1s.; the property of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Morris
                     



                  , in a lodging-room let by contract to the prisoners, to be used with the lodging
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RUDD
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
HANNAH MORRIS. I rent the house, No. 9, Cock-court, Jewry-street



. The prisoners, King and Murrell, came to my house on the 9th of December, and took a furnished apartment, and the articles mentioned in the indictment were let with the lodging. On the 10th of December, in the evening, they came into the lodging. On the 11th they went out and took the key with them; they slept there on the 10th and 11th; they did not return; I broke the door open on the next day, and I found the things gone; they had nearly stripped the room; they did not return any more; I saw King in custody on the 16th; about a fortnight afterwards the other prisoner was taken; I went to Rose and Crown-court, and found my property there; the prisoner, Rudd, brought their boxes when they took possession of the lodgings.
WILLIAM BARR. I am a broker, and live in Rose and Crown-court, Moorfields. On the 12th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner, King, came to me, and asked me if I would buy a bed, as she was going in the country; I went with her to Peahen-court, Bishopgate; she took me into a room on the two pair of stairs, and showed me a bed; the prisoners Rudd and Murrell were there; they asked 2l. 15s. for the bed, bolster, pillows, and rugg; I offered them two guineas for it; they consulted together, and Rudd said, let him have it; King said, it was hers; and there was only one bed in the room. The prisoner, Murrell, offered me a set of fire-irons; I gave her 4s. for them. I asked Rudd to help me home with them, and I would give him the money; he said, he was going out; King helped me home with them, and I paid her; Mrs. Morris afterwards claimed the property.
BERNARD GLEED. I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 13th of January, I accompanied Armstrong to Norwich; we took the prisoner, Rudd, into custody there; on the 15th, we told him, that we took him for a robbery; he said, he was very sorry for it; it was the first time, and if he got clear, he would not do the like again. Murrell was in Norwich Bridewell; I took her. King was apprehended in London.


                  MATTHEW 
                  GILDERSLEVE
               



            . I am an officer. King was brought into the watch-house, on the 14th of January; I took her before the Lord-Mayor: and then she said, she would tell where the things were; as we were going along Broad-street, she told me, that she had sold Mrs. Morris's things to Barr; we found them there.
(Produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KING
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.


                  ELIZA 
                  MURRELL
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOSEPH RUDD-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
