






1194. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GRUBB
               



             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, one printed bound book, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Booker
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. JOSEPH BOOKER. I am a bookseller
, and live in New Bond-street


. On the 31st of July, I missed a book, entitled Stukeley's Itrearum Curiosum, out of my shop.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Clark was my bookbinder's boy, and used to come to my shop for work.


                  THOMAS 
                  THORP
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live in Bedford-street, Strand. On the 31st of July, the prisoner, Grubb, came to my shop with a paper, which had the title of the book written on it, and asked me if I would buy it. From his manner I suspected it was stolen. In order to get it into my hands, I said if it was cheap I would. He went away, and joined the prisoner, Clark, at the corner of the street. After some conversation, he left him for about ten minutes, and then returned to him again, with the book under his arm. After some conversation with him he came over to me, and asked 3l. for the book. He said a gentleman had left it him for a debt of 3l. I told him if he would give me his address, and I found it was right I would buy it. He took me then to Of-alley, and recommended me to a woman there for his character. She said she had known him a long time-Grubb was present. I asked her if she knew any thing of him that would induce me to buy a book which I thought came out of a nobleman's library? she said it was all right, which strengthened my suspicions. Not knowing that I had authority to detain him, I told him to call next day, and I would give him the money-Clark was at the corner of the street all the time. Grubb called next day, and was taken into custody. While he was in the officer's custody Clark passed him. When he saw Grubb in custody he ran away. The book is worth seven or eight guineas.
Cross-examined. Grubb said he had it to sell for Clark.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for. I asked Grubb where he got the book from? he said from a friend named Clark, who was waiting at his house. I went there and saw him pass the door and took him. He said the book belonged to Mr. Booker.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am a constable. I went and took Clark. He said he took the book while Mr. Booker was backwards putting books away, and put it into his bag.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GRUBB's Defence. Clark gave it to me to sell.
GRUBB-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CLARK - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
