





693. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OATS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, one pocket-book, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick Benseley 
                           Barnwell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  BENSELEY BARNWELL
               



            . On the 9th of June, about mid-day, I was going along Watling-street


, and just at the corner of Friday-street


, between the corner, and the post, I felt myself violently hustled by two or three men, of whom the prisoner was one. A gentleman, who was behind me, sprang forward and seized the prisoner, who immediately threw my pocket-book under a cart. He was then secured, and taken into custody; the pocket-book was delivered to the officer, and the prisoner was then taken before the sitting magistrate at Guildhall.
Cross-examined. This happened in the middle of the open day; the last time I saw my pocket-book previous to its being stolen, was in Bow-lane. My coat is not swallow tailed, and the pocket-book could not have fallen out.
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was standing talking to a friend in Watling-street, on the 9th of June, about thirty yards from the corner of Friday-street; I saw the prisoner, and two other suspicious looking characters on the other side of the way. I observed to my friend, that they were after no good, and I would watch them. I had scarcely made the observation, before one of them went in front of the last witness, who was walking along, and just as he came between the post and the corner, stopped short, and the other two closed up. I then saw the prisoner at the bar, thrust his hand into his pocket, and pull out the pocket-book. I immediately sprang forward, and collared him; upon which, the other two men made their escape, and the prisoner threw the pocket-book under a cart. He was taken into custody by an officer, and immediately taken before the magistrate at Guildhall.
(The pocket-book produced.)
Mr. Benseley. That is my pocket-book.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
