





521. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GWATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of

                           Thomas Henry 
                           Deakin
                        




                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 14th of March
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, four gowns, value 6 s.; two pincloths, value 6 d.; one pair of stays, value 6 d.; one sheet, value 1 s., and two waistcoats, value 3 s., his property
            .
THOMAS HENRY DEAKIN. I live in Kingsland-road


. On Sunday, the 14th of March, I went to take a walk with my wife between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. We returned about seven o'clock in the evening - it was nearly dark. I tried, but could not unlock the door, as there was something in the lock; I tried again, and the key went in all of a sudden, when two men opened the door, and ran out. I instantly seized them both - the prisoner was one; he struck me on the head with something which cut my head through my hat. Both hit me several times; the blow stunned me, and the blood ran dow my face, I staggered, caught hold of the wall, and they ran off. The prisoner turned round, and said
"He is done for." I instantly recovered myself, and pursued. A man caught the prisoner, and I immediately seized him, and brought him back to my house. On my taking him back, he dropped a telescope, which was mine; I had left it on the table. He also dropped a dark lanthorn - I lost the articles stated in the indictment.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Where did he drop the telescope - A. At the door.
ELLEN DEAKIN. I went out with my husband. I followed the men, who rushed out of the house; they blew the candle out. The prisoner was never out of my sight, until he was taken - I am certain he was one of them; they struck my husband on the head. All the drawers were broken open and emptied, and the articles stated in the indictment gone.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I examined the house, and found it completely sacked from top to bottom, and every thing tied up, ready to be taken away. It must have taken a long time to do it.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .




               Of stealing only
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
