





1400. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, one trunk, value 5 s.; two pelisses, value 30.; four gowns, value 30 s.; five pair of stockings, value 5 s.; two shawls, value 2 l.; two veils, value 1 l.; three brooches, value 1 l.; one opera-glass, value 7 s., and one nutmeg-grater, value 5 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Byerly
                  




               
            .
MRS. 
               
                  JANE 
                  BYERLY
               



            . I live in Lower Belgrave-place; the prisoner was my charwoman
. On Saturday, the 24th of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I gave her my trunk to take to Mr. Hill's, who is a glover, and lives at No. 8, Cockspur-street, as the Brighton coach was to take me up there. On Monday she returned about six o'clock, and said she had delivered it at the private door of No. 8. I asked her who took it in? She said a young gentleman. The box was directed with my name as a passenger to Brighton; it contained the articles stated in the indictment, which were worth 20 l. at the least. On Monday I went there to go by the coach, and Mr. Hill asked me for the trunk; I said I had sent it on Saturday. I found that it had not taken been there - Mr. Hill's son was the only person in the house. In consequence of this I did not go to Brighton, but went in search of the prisoner; I got a warrant. She was taken on the 15th of October on anothercharge; I found her at Queen-square office. I have seen my two brooches since in the possession of the pawnbroker - I have recovered nothing else.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILL
               



            . I live with my father in Cockspur-street; no other young gentleman lives in the house. On Saturday, the 24th of July, no trunk whatever was delivered that I know of - none was delivered to me. There are ten people in the house, but my father and myself are the only men - the prisoner did not come to the house. When Mrs. Byerly came, enquiry was made for the trunk, but none could be found; my mother was going to Brighton with her.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Mount, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in York-street, Westminster. On the 13th of September the prisoner pledged two brooches with me for 10 s., in the name of Ann Smith; I am sure she is the woman. I have seen her at our shop before.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TURNBULL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and found the duplicates of the brooches on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
