





1429. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, one handkerchief, value 10d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Read 
                           Parsons
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
READ PARSONS. I live in Red Lion-passage, Fleet-street, and am clerk
 to Messrs. Shaw and Stevens, attornies. On the 3d of October, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was returning from Gray's Inn; I came home through Fetter-lane


. Just by the White Horse Inn, two fellows came before me. An officer took the prisoner, who was one of them, took him into a grocer's shop, and found my handkerchief on him - I had not missed it. He was not a yard from me when he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. It was dark - A. Yes; nobody was with me.


                  JOHN 
                  LINES
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was going up Holborn, and saw the prisoner, with another person, near Middle-row, following the prosecutor. When they came to a window which had a light in it they stopped to let him pass, then made up to him again, and followed him down Fetter-lane. I crossed over on the other side of the way, just as the prosecutor came opposite a grocer's shop. I saw the other man take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to the prisoner, who was close by. I ran over, and seized the prisoner - They were then about a yard before him, the other ran off. I told the prosecutor he had lost his handkerchief. I took the prisoner into the grocer's shop, and found the handkerchief under his coat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other man was older than the prosecutor - I did not know him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
