





529. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DODD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, six hundred sacks, value 100 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Michael and 
                     
                        James 
                        Constable
                     







            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Constables, flour factor

s. They have premises at Shad-Thames


. I have the management of their sack warehouse. On the 6th of April my master lost six hundred and twelve sacks out of the warehouse, on the inner area, at the top, there was a hole made large enough to admit a man, and, on the outside of the door, on the battens, there were marks of dirt, as if from a man's foot.
Q. I believe you have seen these sacks - A. I have examined six hundred and two; ten are still missing; we lost six hundred and twelve: these six hundred and two are my master's property.


                  REUBIN 
                  CATLIN
               



            . Q. Did you assist in landing any sacks at Queenhithe - A. Yes; on the 4th of April; it was a large quantity. I cannot say how many. Mr. Dodd, the prisoner, paid for bringing them.
Mr. Alley. Q. You were not employed by the prisoner - A. No; a young man employed me, down by the water side, and the prisoner paid me for it.
MR. DREWITT. I live at 75, Upper Thames-street. I am a sack merchant.
Q. Did these six hundred and two sacks come to your premises - A. They did. The prisoner brought me a sample sack, on the beginning of April: he said he was recommended to me by Mr. Barrett, of Queenhithe.
Q. For what purpose did he bring this sample sack - A. As a sample of six hundred and upwards. I told him I could not buy sacks by sample. I asked him, whether it was to be by money or credit; he told me, it was for money. I told him, I must see the bulk. He told me, he had had a very good character of me: he would send me the remainder of the sacks; and, if I had any objection, he would pay me for warehouse-room. On the 4th of April, in the morning, Mr. Dodd came in; he said the sacks were now landed at Queenhithe: he desired me to send my cart for them. I sent my cart to bring part: they came, twenty in a bundle; they were dirty, as though they had come up in a coal-barge. The sacks all came to my premises.
Q. Now, sir, were the sacks packed in an ordinary way that sacks are - A. No; I asked Dodd the quantity; he told me, there were six hundred and twenty-four, or six hundred and twenty-six, I cannot tell which. I was going out of town that morning. I asked Dodd, if he would call on Monday morning; he came on Monday morning; I asked him the price: we agreed for three shillings and sixpence. I told him, I was not quite satisfied in the sacks; there were twenty-two short of the compliment that he sent them in for: he said, twenty-two was no object; I might pay for what I had got, and no more. I then had doubts in my mind. I turned to Mr. Dodd and said, I wanted to know from whom they came from. I hope they are perfectly right. He said, they are perfectly right, and he should have two or three tons at least, in a week or two, and you shall have the first offer: he said, there could nothing happen in the parties for six months; so I got them marked and sent away: I pressed for the name; he told me, I knew the party. He pulled out a bill of parcels: he said, this is the gentleman the sacks belongs to, 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Cleaver
               



            , of Miles's Lane. I believe it was a printed bill he shewed me. He went away and fetched Mr. Cleaver to me; after he had gave me the bill of parcels he had put J. Cleaver instead of Benjamin Cleaver. When he brought Mr. Cleaver, I asked Mr. Cleaver if they were his property; he said, no. I asked Dodd, where he had this property from. I really, said he, so help me God, know not. I sent for a constable and had him apprehended. These sacks have laid in my premises ever since.
THOMPSON. I have seen them all, and swore to them; here are six or eight here. They are the property of Michael and 
               
                  James 
                  Constable
               



            .
MR. CLEAVER. Q. You live in Miles's Lane - A. Yes; I followed the prisoner to Mr. Drewitt's; he came to the wine-house; he told me, he had such a quantity of goods. He said, if I came forward and said, all was right, he would give me five pounds. I went to Mr. Drewitt; I there learned that he had sold sacks in my name: they were not my sacks; I knew nothing at all of the transaction.
Prisoner's Defence. I have lived with Mr. Parson's, a wholesale grocer, for a number of years, and innocent I came to this bar, with respect to the charge; and when I go I shall go innocent. I was only employed as a broker. I know no more of the robbery than a child unborn. The barge-man brought the sacks to me; his name is Cooper. After I was in custody, he came to my house, to hear if I had sold the sacks. He was informed that I was in custody; and, since that time, I have not seen nor heard any thing of him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
