






1071. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  NORTON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HOPKINS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, one coach-glass, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Paynter
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Wortley
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  WORTLEY
               



            . I hired a coach of Mr. Paynter, on the 24th of June I left it quite safe within two yards of my door, in Bleeding Hart-yard, Charles-street, Hatton-garden, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; and about three o'clock in the morning the watchman called me, saying the glass was stolen, and he had one of the men. I got up, and he brought Norton to the watchhouse soon after. Hopkins was sometimes employed by me.


                  ROBERT 
                  LONDON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Bleeding Hart-yard, at a quarter after three o'clock in the morning, I saw the coach body moving, and the prisoner, Norton, handing the glass out to Hopkins; they saw me, and ran down Union-court - I sprung my rattle, and went down George-alley, they were there, and threw the glass down - I heard it break; I saw them turn into Field-lane, but then lost sight of them; I still pursued, another watchman pointed up Brewer's-yard - I found Hopkins there. I am certain he is the man. I secured him.
RICHARD AYRES. I am a watchman. I was on Saffron-hill, heard the rattle sprung, and saw the prisoners running. Hopkins was taken in the yard, up two pair of stairs. I stopped Norton.
NORTON'S Defence. I went to get my breakfast.
NORTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
HOPKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
