





22. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of November
, a damask tablecloth, value 10 s. a napkin, value 1 s. a pair of sugar-tongs, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 2 s. a yard of cambric, value 7 s. and a pair of stockings, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Macdonald
                  




               
            , widow.


                  MARY 
                  MACDONALD
               



            . I live at 46, Lime Street


, the prisoner was my servant, she lived with me from the 7th of September to the 2d of November, she was house-maid
.
Q. What do you accuse her of stealing. - A. A damask tablecloth and other things, she stole them and pledged them. I had given her warning to quit, and on her going away she had great objection to my looking in her trunks, I sent for a constable to examine her box by her wish, the constable searched her trunk, and found the duplicates of the things that she had pledged of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  SKEDGE
               



            . I am the constable, I searched 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cole
               



            's box, I found three duplicates of her mistress's property.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEWERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 134 Bishopgate Street, I produce a damask tablecloth pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Burton
               



            . The duplicate produced by the officer is my duplicate. I know not the person that pawned it, I gave them that duplicate.


                  MORRIS 
                  STOCK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 130 Whitecross Street, I produce a napkin, handkerchief, sugar-tongs, a remnant of cambric, and one pair of hose. This is my duplicate, I gave it to the prisoner when she pawned the things.
Prosecutrix. The damask tablecloth is mine, and all the other things except the hankerchief, which belongs to a gentleman who lodges with me.
Prisoner's Defence. My mistress owed me money nearly to the amount that I pledged the things for, I asked her for the money two different times, I wanted to buy shoes and stockings.
Prosecutrix. On the evening she went away I paid her her wages and the money. I owed her, I did not know of her pawning the things, she never asked me for the money. I had a good character with her.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
