





1213. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIAN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, sixty yards of carpet, value 15l.; one ring, value 20s.; and one canvas wrapper, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Campbell
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Bone
                  



               
            .
ROBERT THOMPSON. I am clerk to 
               
                  John 
                  Campbell
               



             and 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Bone
               



            . On the 7th of July, I missed the carpeting out of the cellar.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a broker. On the 8th of July, the prisoner came to me with a pattern of carpeting, saying he had thirty-three yards of it; I asked him the price, he said 3s. 6d. per yard, which made me suspect him - He took me to a cook-shop in Nightingale-lane to see it - He said it belonged to the mate of a ship - I asked him where the mate lived, he said a great way off, over the water, he would not tell me where it was. I gave him in charge-it is worth 6s. per yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  UNKLES
               



            . I keep a cook-shop in Nightingale-lane, the prisoner used to dine at my house. On the 7th of July, he brought the carpet, and asked to leave it there till the next day, as he had another to bring - He brought the other the next morning, and said he was going to sell them; I desired him to take them away, he took a pattern, and in about a quarter of an hour King came with him to see it.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMBES
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found the pattern of the carpet on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
