






735. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COGNEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of September
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        M'Carthy
                     



                  , a watch, value 4 l. and a bank note, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Crowder
                        




.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROWDER
               



            . I was a coachman
 to the late Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Ramsay
               



            ; I was not in place at the time I lost my property, I lodged at the three Compasses, Bedford-square. On the 15th of September, I was coming up Oxford-street, just by the Pantheon, I saw Harrison, who appeared at that time intoxicated; a woman came up to him and took a watch out of his pocket, it was soon returned to him; I offered my assistance to convey him home; he then said, that he would go into a public house in Oxford-street, which he did, I went with him, he still appeared to be intoxicated, and called for a pint of beer; Cogney there made his appearance, and sat close by the side of us. I asked Harrison if he would go; he said, that he had been drinking, he had fourteen shillings to pay, if I would go with him there he would go home; I agreed to go with him; we went then together to Thomas M'Carthy', public-house, in St. Giles's


; Cogney followed after, and entered the room pretty nigh as soon as we did; and at M'Carthy's in came another man, who appeared like a groom. They had not been in above half a minute, before Harrison produced a pack of cards, seemingly from the window, and offered to play a game of put with the person appearing like a groom, the did play; the groom got up and asked me to hold his hand while he went out to make water; Cogney was sitting by all the time; I immediately replied, I did not understand playing at cards, I did not wish to have any thing to do with them; he said, d - n it it can be no harm, you can take hold of the cards and just look at them while he returned back.
Q. Did you understand the game of put - A. No; I had no intention of playing at cards at that time; I then laid hold of the cards, I looked at the hand, there were two three's and an ace; Harrison then offered me to play for a pound note, I refused, the groom had returned then, he persuaded me to do it; I pulled out a two pound note, the Groom took the two pound note, before I began playing Harrison had recovered from his drukenness; I pulled out my watch to see the time, and laid it on the table, the watch and notes were taken away in less than a minute, and they all three went away at once, they did not stop to play; when they went away I stood very much confused; the landlord came in, told me they had robbed me, which way they had gone, why did not I follow them; I followed in the direction the landlord told me, I saw Cogny and Harrison going into a public house; I immediately offered five shillings for any body to go for a constable. They let Harrison out of the back door; I saw Harrison again in King-street.

Q.Harrison was not able to walk strait when you saw him first in the morning - A. No. I went round King-street, Seven Dials, I saw Harrison and catched him by the collar, he immediately produced the watch in the middle of the street; he said here is your watch let me go. He was secured
Q. When did you see Cogney again - A. I did not see Cogney for some time; I said to Harrison, d - n you give me the two pound note; he said, he had not got that; then I said you shall not go away from me. This was about one o'clock, it was half past four when we took Cogney; on the same day the officer searched Harrison, Harrison produced a bad five pound note, and a gambling thing, which Harrison called a puzzle, the note was made to look like a five pound note. Cogney was found in a court near St. Giles's, the officer brought him out to me, I knew him directly.
Q. Was any of your property found upon him - A. No, there was not, they could not find the two pound note. The other man, that appeared like a groom, has not been taken.
Q. Should you know him again if you were to see him. - A. Yes
Q. Whenever you see him lay hold of him and convey him to the first public office - A. The day after, the publican and some other man, a strange man, came to me, brought me two one pound notes, instead of my two pound note.
Mr. Knapp. You have been a gentleman's servant, how long have you been out of place - A. Six weeks.
Q. You do not know how to play at cards - A. I have played among servants, I do not know the real game of put.
Q. Upon your oath, do not you know which is the best card to the game of put - A. I cannot tell.
Court. Which is the best card they reckon at put - A. They call three.
Q. What was in your hand - A. Two three's and an ace.
Q. Then you had a very good hand - A. I do not know what the hand was.
Mr. Knapp. Then two three's and an ace would be a good hand at a gentleman's house - A. I do not know much about card playing.
Q. You understand which is the best card - A. I am not a gambler.
Q. You put down a two pound notes, did not the prisoner put down a two pound note - A. I do not know whether he put down any thing or no; I put down a note which the stockholder took up. If I had won, I did not expect to have a one pound note of a man that was drunk.
Q. Did not you put down your watch, and Harrison staked his watch against it - A. No, I put down my watch, they took the watch immediately and went away, they did not give me time to play.
Q. When you put these down did not you mean to play for the watch and the note - A. I did not intend it at all.
Court. For what purpose did you put down your two pound note on the table, explain it to the jury - A. Not with any design to play; being persuaded, I took the two pound note out, and it was taken away immediately.
- READ. I am an officer of Bow-street; I was coming down King-street, Crowder had hold of Harrison, Harrison had returned him his watch; he charged him with a two pound note, Harrison said he had not got it.
Q. Did he tell you at what place this happened - A.He did not know at that time; he said, it was at a public house; the prisoner, Cogney, took us to it; some time after I took charge of Harrison, I knew Harrison before, not Cogney.
Q.When you had taken Cogney, did the prosecutor know him - A. Yes, he pointed him out, and charged him with being in company with him, and taking his watch and two pound note; Cogney said, he had never seen Harrison before, he owned being in company at that time. Harrison appeared to me to be sober, I searched him, I found this puzzle, and this fivepenny note, the five is marked in the same way as a five pound note; Cogney had no notes or money about him. When I apprehended Cogney, he was at the Hare and Hounds, Puckeridge-street, kept by Thomas M'Carthy.
Q. Did not you learn from the prosecutor himself, that he had been playing at put - A.He said, that when this man went out, he persuaded him to take up his hand, he said he did not play it out; I understood him that he took the note out to play.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I was coming down King-street, I saw Crowder collar Harrison; he charged Harrison with his watch and a two pound note; Harrison took out two watches, he gave Crowder one, he said, here is the watch, let me go; Crowder said, I want my two pound note; Harrison told him he had not got it; Crowder said, he would not loose him. I understood the same as Read, that he had pulled out the note for the purpose of playing, and that they had run away with the watch and note before the game was out.
Prosecutor. This is the watch, it is a silver watch.
Harrison's defence. I was very much in liquor; we played four or five chalks; at the commencement of the play we did not play for watches or money. He put his two pound note, and clapped his watch against my watch, as for the note I never had possession of it. When he came to me in the street, I said, here is your watch, take it; as to the puzzle, the prosecutor was present when I bought it; I bought the puzzle for my children, and the note I gave twopence for it in Holborn. The prosecutor, I am convinced, has taken a false oath, merely to take my liberty away. I have lived seventeen years in one house, Captain 
               Newman
             lives in the house with me; if I was that notorious character, I should think that respectable man would not live in my house; my wife keeps a boarding school in Surry. When the prosecutor found he had got such a good hand, he put down his watch against my watch. I never saw the prisoner before in my life, had not he been indicted he would have been a witness for me. If any officer can say I was a thief, I should willingly go out of the country. I was so tipsey, that when I was taken to Bridewell, I laid upon the stool; I had my gold ring taken off my finger. I am innocent of the charge I declare to Almighty God.
Cogney's defence. I came into the house for a pint of porter, and sat there; I know no person that was there; I drank out of their pot; I never saw them before.
HARRISON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.
COGNEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
