





727. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, twenty yards of woollen cloth, value 20 s. twenty remnants of other woollen cloth, value 20 s. and ten yards of kerseymere, value 10 s. the property of our Lord the 
                     
King



.
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Shaw
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Shaw
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Taylor
               



            . I hired the prisoner as a cutter
; he worked fifteen days, and then he left.


                  RICHARD 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Shaw
               



            ; we are army clothier

s; we receive cloth belonging to his Majesty; we make up clothes, and return it to the Ordnance warehouse.The cloth that we receive is the cloth of his Majesty, we are accountable for it.
Q. Look at the contents of that box, and tell me whether you know any part of it to be stores of his Majesty - A. I have seen a great deal of this cloth before; it is the same as what we receive; it is marked with the broad arrow, and S G. That is the cloth that is so delivered out to us. I have no doubt that cloth is the property of his Majesty. This is a long piece, near two yards. That mark is upon the cloth of the Store-keeper General. The blue, there are some pieces two yards, and there is some a yard, and some green.
Q. You are sure it is part of the stores sent to your house to be worked up for the army - A. We believe so. There is no other house that is delivered to us to make up.
MR. STACY. Q. I believe from your department the cloth is furnished to the maker - A. Yes.
Q. Has it that mark upon it for the purpose of being delivered - A. All cloth now has.
Q. And there are tickets upon them the names of Shaw and Taylor - A. Yes, on two pieces.


                  HENRY 
                  QUICK
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Taylor and Shaw.
Q. Look at some of the blue cloth and see whether there are any tickets that you know - A. These are two tickets on these two pieces of blue; they are put on by my direction.
Prisoner's Defence. I suppose there are none of the gentlemen can swear to any thing but the letters S G. It was found in my possession. It was taken to my lodging; that is all the account I can give. I know I had the cutting of such pieces of cloth; I returned the same compliment as the other men did. I returned more respecting the green cloth; the other men cut eighteen, I cut nineteen out of it. I am sure there is not a man that has seen me take a piece of cloth. It was strictly looked into that no man should take a piece of cloth.
- READ. I am an officer. He told me it was perquisites.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
