






648. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, one watch, value 10 l.; two seals, value 30 s.; one chain, value 30 s., and one key, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Alcock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALCOCK
               



            . I live in Allen-street, Clerkenwell, and am a watchmaker
. On the 28th of March, about half-past eleven o'clock, I met the prisoner at a coffee-shop in Golden-lane, and gave them 6 d. to pay for their coffee. They asked me what o'clock it was? I pulled out my watch and told them. They followed me, and took me home to Lamb's-buildings, Bunhill-row


. I went up stairs with them; Davis asked what o'clock it was? I said it was just twelve o'clock, and I must be going home. They then took the candle, and went down stairs; I attempted to go but Green seized me by the coat, and took my watch; Davis came up, and received it of her. I kept Green, but have never found my watch - I saw her give it to Davis; I kept Green in the room all night, and in the morning I gave her in charge - I could not get assistance before. Davis was taken three nights after.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am an officer of St. Luke's. The prisoner gave Green into my charge; Davis keeps the house; I apprehended her on the Wednesday.
GREEN'S Defence. I was in liquor, and he detained me as I was leaving him.
DAVIS'S Defence. I never went into the room after I left him.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
