





1479. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 2lbs. of white lead, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Winsland
               




            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Winsland
               



            , who is a 
painter
 and glazier
, and lives in Queen-street, Bloomsbury-the prisoner and I were employed by him to paint Mr. Burwash's house, in Bartholomew-close


. In consequence of some suspicious, which I communicated to my master on the 13th of October, I was ordered to watch the prisoner - he came after breakfast, pulled off his coat and waistcoat, and put them in a drawer in the kitchen, and went up stairs to work-the white lead, which the paint was made with, was my master's property, and kept in the kitchen. After he was gone I examined his coat and waistcoat, about eleven o'clock, but found nothing in any of the pockets. I examined them again about half-past eleven o'clock, and found 2lbs. of white lead in his waistcoat pocket. He had been down stairs two or three times after I had examined his pockets. I told my master. When the prisoner came down stairs, after he had put his coat and waistcoat on, and was going out, my master called him back, and said he suspected he had some lead about him-he denied it. He then pulled the lead out of his pocket, and said it was not his master's, but it was a piece he brought from home to do a little job with. I had searched his pockets before, and they were empty. The prosecutor told the prisoner it was not his. The prisoner then said he thought it was no harm to take so small a quantity.
NICHOLAS WINSLAND. I am a painter and glazier-the prisoner was employed by me to paint the house with Butler. I supplied him with white lead every morning to use. Finding my stock deficient, I ordered Butler to watch him. I was afterwards in the kitchen, and charged him with having white lead about him - He denied it. I insisted on having him searched - He then produced the white lead, which I claimed; he said it was mine, and he saw no impropriety in taking so small a quantity-it was worth 1s. I went to his house, and found white lead there in three pots, which had no water over it, which is not the state it ought to be kept in.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You found 2lbs. on him - A. Yes. I did not allow my men to take it for themselves.
Q. Did you not say he might go away - A. No, he went away. I refused to pay him his wages.
Prisoner's Defence. I worked two months with the prosecutor. I had a job to do in Lombard-street, and told Butler I had brought my basket full of materials for it. I used to leave my things openly there - He agreed to work with me. He began to be jealous, and told my master I was working for myself. I took it to do the job with.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
