






138. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BAGGS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, nineteen handkerchiefs, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jeremy
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  William 
                  Jeremy
               



            , 273, High Holborn


. On the 9th of January, between four and five in the evening, a person came in the shop and waved his hand, and said, come to the door immediately. I went to the door; he said these two women have taken some of your property. I immediately missed a piece of handkerchiefs, they were taken from the side of the door; I pursued them; they ran up Leicester fields; I called out stop thief, and at the narrow part of Featherstone buildings several gentlemen met them, they seemed to stop them. I overtook them and laid hold of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Brown
               



            , and told her that she had taken a piece of handkerchiefs, she moved about two or three yards, and said, how dare you stop me: I said, certainly you must have been doing something not right, or else you would not run so. As I said that I saw a person stoop and pick up the handkerchiefs where they first stopped, he handed them to me. I took hold of one of the prisoner's and said she must come back.
Q. You do not know which of them dropped it - A. No, I do not. I took them back to the shop, sent for an officer, and gave them into custody.
Q. These handkerchiefs were hanging at your door - A. Yes, part in and part out.


                  ELIJAH 
                  DENHAM
               



            . I am a taylor. On my going up Holborn on the 9th of this month, I met Mr. Wilson and another man running, I followed them into Featherstone-buildings, and there Mr. Wilson was searching Brown; she said she had not the property, and wondered at his stopping of her; the other said she was innocent; and in about two or three yards from them a gentleman picked up the handkerchief and gave it to Mr. Wilson.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody; I produce the property, with a label attached to the handkerchiefs.
Wilson. It is Mr. Jeremy's property.
Brown's Defence. I am innocent of having them.
Bagg's Defence. I am perfectly innocent of it. As to this woman I know nothing of her.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.
BAGGS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
