





149. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BALDWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of November
, four pair of stockings, value 1 l. 14 s.; one pair of drawers, value 3 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 1 l.; 18 d. in monies numbered, and fifteen 1 l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Munn
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MUNN
               



            . I am a hosier
, and live in Great Russel-street, Covent-Garden. On the 10th of November, about nine o'clock, the porter of the New Hummums came over and desired I would send some fine cotton, and black and white silk stockings, to a gentleman there. I took them myself; the porter showed me into a bed-room, where I found the prisoner; he ordered a pair of cotton, at 4 s. 6 d. and a pair of black silk, at 15 s.; he did not approve of the white silk stockings. I said I had more. He desired I would bring them, with some drawers. I went home, returned with them, and sold him a pair of drawers, at 4 s., and a pair of white silk stockings, at 13 s. He asked for change for a 20 l. note. I went home for change, returned with it and some handkerchiefs, which he ordered. I knocked at his bed-room door, which he opened. I gave him in fifteen 1 l. notes, and 18 s. which, with the things, would make the amount. He said he was dressing, and I must wait for the note. I waited close outside the door for five minutes, he then asked me to walk in, and told me to wait a moment while he stepped to the water-closet. He had neither hat nor coat on. He did not return. The same night I saw him in company with two women and took him in the passage of the Sans Pareil Theatre. He was searched atthe watch-house, and a pair of stockings and 7 l. found on him, which I knew to be mine. I never found the rest.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found 7 l. 16 s. on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
