





135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniniously having a forged bank note, for payment of 1 l. in his possession, he knowing it to be forged
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  MACKLIN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Maclin
               



            , who is a grocer, and lives in Baldwin-street, St. Luke's


. On the 6th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to our shop, and said he wanted a little tea and sugar, as his wife had been put to bed that morning, and could not come herself, but she dealt at my shop, and asked him to come, as she thought I would give him change, knowing her to deal with me. I served him with the tea sugar, and other things amounting to about 2 s. He then gave me a 1 l. bank note. I rather hesitated, not liking to give him change, and asked his name, which he said was Cummings, No. 2, Baldwin's-court, I wrote it on the note, with my husband's initials, this is it. (looking at one.) I gave him change, and he went away. I paid the note away that evening, and it was returned to me from the Bank.
Prisoner. Q. How can you swear to me - A. I am quite sure he is the man, he was near half an hour there, as I sent out for change, but did not send his note out. I noticed him particularly - he said he was a blacksmith, and worked in Holborn.


                  MATTHEW 
                  MACKLIN
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness, the note was returned to me from the Bank, in consequence of which I went to inquire for Cummings, at Baldwin's-court, and could find no such person - I went to every house there.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. I made inquiry for a person named Cummings, in Baldwin's-court, a few days after the prisoner was apprehended, which was on the 27th of November. I enquired at every house there, but could find no person of that name.


                  ELIZA 
                  PEMBERTON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Pemberton
               



            , who is a chandler, and lives in Ironmonger-street, St. Luke's. On the 4th or 5th of November the prisoner came to our shop, and bought half an ounce of tobacco, for which he paid twopence-halfpenny. While I was weighing it, he looked at a hock of bacon, and asked the price; he said his wife had been looking at it the night before, but she had no money, and he was come to fetch it. I said I thought it was wrong, for I had no hock cut out of the side, and I refused to cut it. He said he thought he was right, that it was a hind hock, and he was to give sixpence halfpenny a pound for it. He said his wife was ill, and could not come out for it, and that it was too late for him to come that night when he came home. He then bought some tea and sugar, which came to between two and three shillings, and gave me a 1 l. note. I asked his name and address? He said 
               
                  William 
                  Cleaver
               



            , No. 5, Richmond-street; which I wrote on the note, I spelt it Ritchmond, (looks at the note.) this is it. I gave him the change, and he went away.
Q. The note is tore at the corner, did you pay it away - A. My husband paid it at the Post office - it came back about three days after. My husband tore it about a week after in a passion, as I had taken two.
Prisoner. Q. Can you take upon yourself to say I am the man - A. I can, I have no doubt of it - he was about ten minutes in the shop. I observed him particularly, being afraid to give him change. I went to No. 5, Richmond-street in about a week after I took the note, no such person lived there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEMBERTON
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness. I paid the note away, and it came back to me as forged. I was vexed at having taken two bad ones, and tore it. I do not know what became of the other piece.


                  ISAAC 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I live at No. 5, Richmond-street, St. Luke's. The prisoner does not live there, nor did I ever know anything of him.

JOHN LUCAS. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in Paternoster-row, Spitalfields. I have seen the prisoner at my shop several times. On the 1st of August he came and bought a pair of shoes. He paid me a 1 l. note, and I gave him 12 s. in change. He said he had come to give me a turn as I had been a customer of his. I asked him his name, he said it was
"Clark, 17, Clerkenwell-close;" which I wrote on the note; and also wrote
"gaiter man," as I had several times bought gaiters of him (looks at a note). This is it.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes, and have been so above twenty years (looks at the note uttered to Macklin), it is forged in every respect, and is not bank paper; the bank notes have the water-mark made in the paper while it is in a liquid state, this paper is not so; it is not the bank plate, nor is it the signature of E. Staple. I have known his writing for many years. The line with the date appears to be engraved, in a genuine note it is printed in stereotype. That uttered to Pemberton is also forged in every respect - it is a different note from the other; there is the remains of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Collier
               



             - there was a signing clerk of that name many years ago - he has been dead some years; there was no clerk of that name at the time it is dated. That uttered to Lucas is also forged in every respect, and is not Pearson's signature.
JURY. Q. The note is torn and dirty; is it not possible that a note may be so torn, dirted, written upon, and blotted, and perhaps chemical stuff dropped on it, so as for you not to see the characteristic features - A. This note is not so torn as to prevent my seeing that it is not bank paper.
Q. In other cases is it not so - A. I have never seen any so worn as not to be able to discover them; they may sometimes require a little closer inspection.


                  EDWARD 
                  STAPLE
               



            . I am a signing-clerk at the Bank. I am certain the signature to the note is not my writing.


                  SARAH 
                  EGLINTON
               



            . I live at No. 2, Baldwin's-court, Baldwin's-street. I lived there on the 6th of November last, the prisoner did not live there - I do not know him. Nobody of the name of Cummins lived there.
(The note was then put in and read. See Indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say. The people have sworn false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
