





101. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     M'KENZIE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 1st of December
, eighteen brass-plates, value 12s.; four hinges, value 4s.; and four steel bits, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wilson
                     



                  -two saws, value 12s., and two aprons, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tooley
                        



                     
                  -one saw, value 9s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Walter
                        



                     
                  -one saw, value 7s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whittington
                        



                     
                   two saws, value 12s., and two aprons, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Crossfield
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Forster
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Feakins
                        



                     
                  -two saws, value 12s., and one apron, value 3d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dowling
                        



                     
                  two saws, value 12s.; two steel bits, value 6d.; and one rule, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Mortimer
                     



                  -two saws, value 12s.; three steel bits, value 9d.; one bevil, value 2d.; and one stock, value 1d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tweedale
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . My shop was broken open, and the tools, which I mentioned under the last indictment, were taken away; they are of the same value as I gave them then. I know the prisoner; he was once employed by me; he left me about eight weeks ago; he knew the situation of my premises.


                  THOMAS 
                  TWEEDALE
               



            . Beside the tools which I had enumerated in the last trial, I lost a stock, which I afterwards saw in the officer's, Harrison, possession.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I also lost a stock, two bits, and a saw, beside the tools which the meet prisoner has beenconvicted of taking. I have seen them since in possession of Harrison.


                  JOHN 
                  TOOLEY
               



            . I also lost a stock beside the articles which I mentioned on the last trial. I have seen it since in Harrison's possession.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  CUMMINS
               



            . The prisoner slept four nights at my house; he came in on Sunday night, and brought a bundle with him, about half-past nine o'clock. He slept at my house, with the other prisoner, who has been convicted.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday, the 4th of December last, Mrs. Cummins gave me information that there was some things at her house, at Dock-street, East Smithfield. I went and found three stocks, one saw, ten pieces of brass-edging, some plates, and centre bits, and one apron. I went and apprehended the prisoner, and found him at a public-house, in Rosemary-lane. I charged him with the robbery; he said, that the last prisoner had got over the place. I found six duplicates on him, of things belonging to the workmen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I lodge with the young man. We were both out of bread; he asked me to shew him where I worked, and I did; he went in, and opened the door, and let me in; he gave me the bundle; I have not seen him since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
