






1119. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DIXON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROWLAND
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, one watch, value 3l.; one chain, value 15s.; one seal, value 3s. 6d., and one key, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           West
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM WEST. On the 24th of July, a little before nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-market


; I passed the prisoners and three women, standing together; the prisoner, Dixon, took hold of my right arm, and after going a few steps, she shoved me to go up George-alley, I pushed her away and went on - She followed me, and took hold of my arm; about five or six steps further I met the prisoner, Rowland, and another man; Rowland ran against me, and the other man passed between me and the houses. I immediately felt my watch drawn out of my fob; I laid hold of Dixon, and told her I had lost my watch, and she was the cause of it. Rowland passed me very quickly, and joined his companion. I took Dixon to the watch-house. I described the man to Collingwood, and he said, "it must be Rowland." I am sure he is the man. Dixon said it was not Rowland, but she knew who it was.
RICHARD COLLINGWOOD. I am a patrol. On the 24th of July, West brought Dixon to the watch-house, and described the man to me; the description answered to Rowland, who lived with Dixon; the next day I met Rowland and secured him. West said he was the man.
JAMES MESSANT. I am a constable. Dixon said she knew who it was but she would not tell.
DIXON'S Defence. The men pushed against me-it was not me.
ROWLAND'S Defence. I was at a public-house from six until nine o'clock.
DIXON-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
ROWLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
