





1547. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, five caps, value 10s.; twelve laces, value 1s.; one frill, value 3s.; 100 needles, value 1s., and 30 yards of tape, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cox
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  COX
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Cox
               



            , who is a soldier
. On the 21st of October, in the evening, I was returning from Hampstead, the prisoner overtook me - He was driving a hackney coach; he asked me if I was going to town? I said Yes; he asked what part? I said to Marylebone; he said he lived in Tottenham-court-road, and was going that way, and asked if I would ride, which I did. He turned round into the Islington road, I told him to let me out, as he was taking me the wrong road, He said he was only going to the next house to bargain for a horse, and was coming back again. He went on, and stopped at the house; he then went to another house, opened the coach-door, and asked if I would get out a bit, as he was going to bargain for a horse again, which I did. He said I might leave; my box in the coach, but I took it with me. He stopped at the house a few minutes. had a pint of beer, and asked me to drink, I refused. I had part of a glass of gin, and some bread and cheese. He got on the box, and I into the coach with my box; he turned the coach round, and by the light of the lamp I saw he had another man on the box. He drove a little way, then the other man opened the door, and told me to get out, for they were at their journeys end; I got out. and wished him a good night. I had got but a little way before the prisoner came and drove his hand into my box. and took out the articles stated in the indictment-it was a bandbox; Mr. Williams was coming by, and took him to the watch-house. One of the caps was found in his hat.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Is your husband living - A. Yes, we have separated six or seven months. The prisoner was not in the coach with me.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a lighterman. On the 21st of October, at eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the Islington road


, and met the prosecutrix, with a man walking by her side, and another man following them at a short distance; I suspected he was going to pick the pocket of the man who was with the prosecutrix. I had not gone three steps before the man advanced and thrust his hand into the prosecutrix's box, which was slung on her left arm - He immediately ran across into the passage at the corner of the Crown and Woolpack, public-house. I pursued, hearing the prosecutrix say she was robbed; the other man left her, and said "He shall not rob you, I will fetch him back;" he followed the other man into the passage. I went over, and found it was a thoroughfare. I returned to the entrance of the court, and found the prosecutrix there. I inquired for the coachman, as I thought, from what she said, he must know something of it; a man belonging to another coach came. She said he was not the man, that she wanted the man belonging to the coach which had put her down-in a minute or two she said the prisoner was the man; he was standing with his back against the wall, with his coat tucked up behind him. I questioned him about the robbery, told him I was convinced he knew something about it, and I would have him taken before a magistrate; I desired the people who were round to send for an officer. He was very abusive, tried to get away, and pushed the prosecutrix before him, as if he was acquainted with her; the moment he dropped the tail of his coat I was convinced, from his dress, that he was the man who had robbed the prosecutrix. A man came, and took him to the watch-house. Brown found a cap in the crown of his hat, which the prosecutrix claimed.



                  JOHN 
                  ALLCOCK
               



            . I am a servant. I took the prisoner to the watch-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found the cap in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She dropped the cap as she got out of the coach; I put it into her box, and left her to put my horses up, returned, and saw her with a man. She drank seven or eight glasses of gin in my company. The caps were falling about the coach.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
