





1407. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 200 lbs. of iron, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Higgs
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Higgs
               



            , who is a farrier
, and lives in Thames-street


; the prisoner was in his employ. - he used to sweep the shop
 out every night, and carry the dung
 to the Sea Coal Company. On the 16th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, the patrol took me to Rutland-hole. I found the barrow there, with dung at the top and bottom, and in the middle were two bags, containing about two hundred weight of old horse-shoes, several of which had my master's mark on them - They were kept in the back shop-we had lost some before. The barrow was mended on the right leg.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 16th of October I saw the barrow in a dark corner in Rutlandhole. I found some dung on the top, two bags of horse-shoes under, and the parings of hoofs at the bottom.


                  HANNAH 
                  PEARCEY
               



            . I was at the shop-door while the prisoner took the dung out - I live there. I took him a candle, he put it out. When he brought the dung out it appeared very heavy - I told him so; he said dung was very heavy-he could hardly get it out of the shop. The barrow was mended at the leg-Jones brought the same barrow back. The prisoner came back in about ten minutes, in a great perspiration. I asked him what made him so hot? he said the dung was heavy.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is not the barrow which I had.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
