





425. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MORTIMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of May
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. and two dollars, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
EVAN WILLIAMS. I am a labourer
. On last Sunday week, a quarter after eleven at night I was coming along Bishopsgate-street, at the top of Skinner-street, two women came one of one side and one at the other and carried me into Skinner-street


, they asked me where I was going, I told them I was going home, the prisoner took the handkerchief out of my pocket, I got hold of the handkerchief and when I tried to get the handkerchief back the other women put her hand into my pocket and took two dollars out. I never let the handkerchief go, I called out watch, they dragged me down the middle of the street, and before the watchman came the prisoner told the other woman to run away. The prisoner took my handkerchief and the other my two dollars.


                  PATRICK 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am an officer of the night. The young man and women was brought in by the watchman, we know her well, the man was perfectly sober. This is the handkerchief he held it in his hand all the way he said.
Prisoners Defence. As I was coming home that gentleman followed me, he tore my shawl almost in two, he said I have been robbed by two women, I will swear you are one, when I came to a watchman I gave charge of him, they took me to the Compter instead of taking my charge they took his. I never saw the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
