






668. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     DRISCOLL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Turner
                     



                  , a jacket, value 6 d. two pawnbroker's tickets, value 1 d. four pounds twelve shillings in monies numbered, and nineteen one pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Kinan
                        




.


                  EDWARD 
                  KINAN
               



            . Q. Do you know the two prisoners - A. Yes.
Q. Were you with them at the Weaver's Arms


 - A. Yes; they had a room at the Weaver's Arms. On the fourteenth of August they were there; on that evening I got my money.
Q. You met with them at the Weaver's Arms - A. Yes; I asked them for tea, 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Driscoll
               



             made me some tea, and I treated her far getting me the tea at the Weaver's Arms. I stopped there three quarters of an hour, until 
               
                  Richard 
                  Crouch
               



             came in, I am informed that is his name. He spoke to me as I am in the seafaring way
; I treated him with a pot of beer; for that I wished to go to bed.
Q.Where were your lodgings - A. In the Weaver's Arms public house. I went up to my bed he came upwith a pot of beer; that was between seven and eight o'clock, the day light had not gone out of the sky; that was the first time I lodged there, he lodged there before. He came up with a pot of beer; he said, sailor, will not you drink; I took a hearty drink, and said, here is money to get a pot of beer for yourself; he brought spirits next, I drank a little spirits with him and bid him good night. The woman was with him all the time, they went out of my room then.
Q. Did they shut the door after them - A. I do not know, there were two or three beds in the same room.
Q. Were there any people in them - A. None.
Q. Did you pay them for the liquor - A. I gave them half a crown, I think I gave it to her, they were both together, and they brought me the change; my getting out the half crown was the way they knew I had money; I had nineteen one pound bank notes in my right hand pocket, and in my left pocket I had the silver.
Had you any thing in your pocket besides - A. I had two duplicates in the same pocket with the notes, the silver was four pound twelve shillings in dollars and half crowns all, only a sixpence and some halfpence in my left hand pocket.
Q. After they left you did you go to sleep - A. I doubled my jacket and put it under my pillow, under my head, and went to sleep; I awoke two or three times in the night. When it was quite early, almost day light, I found my jacket was gone and all my money; I had a duplicate of a watch, that was gone; the other duplicate was for a coat and pantaloons, I pawned them together I pawned these things because my ship was not paid before I got my money.
Q. Did you find any of your property again - A. My witness has the duplicates.
Q. When had you got your money - A. I got it that very evening.
Q. Where you much intoxicated when you went to bed - A. No more than I am this moment.
Q. Had you been acquainted with these people before - A. I never saw them before that time.
Q. How came you to get acquainted so soon - A. By her boiling the water for tea, that made the acquaintance. She introduced this man into my company.
Q. What is the mans name that keeps the Weavers Arms - A. I cannot recollect.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 14th of August, I saw the two prisoners at the wine vaults, at the top of Gray's-inn lane, they were in a hackney coach, stopping to have something to drink. Blackman got into the coach and searched it; I was there, he found nothing; the coach went on with them in it. We went after the coach, from some information, Blackman and Mantz got into the coach, and I got on the box, and we drove to the watchhouse. I searched Crouch, I found on him, eight dollars, six half crowns, five shillings in silver, and some halfpence, and these two duplicates; one duplicate is a coat and pantaloons, the other is a watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  MANTZ
               



            . We came up to the coach at the wine vaults, the corner of Middle-row, Holborn, they called for something to drink, Blackman knew them, he examined the coach and found nothing; the coach then went away. We went and stopped the coach, I opened the coach door, and took eight one pound notes out of Crouch's hand, he was trying to put them under the seat of the coach; I found a one pound note underneath where the woman had been setting in the coach. I was ordered by the magistrate to give the notes up to the prosecutor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . On the 14th, I saw the prisoners come up to the wine vaults at the bottom of Gray's-inn-lane, in a coach, I knew him; I got into the coach to secure the prisoner, hearing that he had been throwing the notes about the street. He knowing me, he chucked the notes out of the coach; I held him by the hand that he should not destroy the notes, Mantz took the notes from Crouch; and at the watchhouse the coach was searched, and Mantz found a one pound note. The next morning there came an information, that this wooden legged man had robbed this sailor. Mantz left a jacket in the coach, we took the number of the coach, and two days afterwards I found that jacket in the same coach. It proved to be the sailor's jacket that lost his money.
Mantz. I did see a jacket in the coach that belonged to the sailor, we went and got it.
Prosecutor. These are the very duplicates, and that is my jacket that the notes were in.
Q. You do not know any of the notes - A. No. They were bank of England notes, I know the man I got them off.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
CROUCH, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
DRISCOLL, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
