






909. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LUMMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of June

, a watch, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Saul
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            . And 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS, alias 
PERKINS




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods, he knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SAUL
               



            . I am a Greenwich pensioner, and work in the Dock-yard
. On the 27th of June, about half after ten at night, I fell in company with the prisoner in Whitechapel; I had been to see an acquaintance in Spitalfields; I fell in company with the woman at the corner of Essex-street, Whitechapel; I asked her the way to Execution-dock, I wanted to go to Deptford; I thought I could cross from Execution-dock to Deptford. I was the worse for liquor. She said it was late, I had better come and get a bed; I said. I would rather go home. She catched me by the breast, she said come along, go to bed, you cannot get home. I went up stairs with her into a room in Essex-street



; she called to a man to bring her a candle; I did not like the room. I said, I would not sleep there; she shoved me down, and said I must strip and go to bed; she pushed me down on the bed, she pulled my watch out of my fob; she ran out of the room with my watch, and shut the door. It was a silver watch.
Q. Have you ever seen the watch since - A. Yes; at the pawnbroker's. I gave five guineas for it; I had it three years; it is worth two guineas. I remained in the room about a quarter of an hour; being a stranger I did not know what to do, and then a man shoved the door open, and muttered some words in a threating tone of voice; he collared me, and knocked me down; I got up, and struck him, and scratched his face; he did not say what he was. When I scratched his face, he knocked me down again, and when I was getting up, he shoved me out of the room; my hat fell off; he took it up and looked at it, and threw it out of the room after me.
Q. Have you seen him since - A. No. He followed me into the passage, and struck me; this room was up two pair of stairs. A man opened the door in his shirt, with a candle in his hand; the man left me alone, and went to him, he called him Jack; he said see the way this fellow has left my face, shewing his face to the man; I saw his face then, it was all over blood.
Q. Was that man the prisoner at the bar - A. He was about the size of him, I cannot swear to the man. Jack shut the door, and he knocked me down again in the passage, and there I laid till day light.
Q. Did the last blow deprive you of your senses - A. Yes, entirely; I lay in a gore of blood until the morning; I could not see out of my eyes; when I got up I went into the opposite room to where I had been robbed; I told a woman and a man how I had been robbed; they directed me to go to Lambeth-street office. I went to the office; I described the woman to Dalton, the officer, and the prisoner; the woman was brought to the office; I knew her again. I told the officer I was quite sure she was the woman that robbed me of my watch, and I now say upon my oath, she is the woman.


                  EBENEZER 
                  DALTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday, the 28th of June, in the morning, I was at the Flying Horse, next door to the office in Lambeth-street; Saul came and said he had been robbed of a watch and a few shillings, and from his description of the woman I apprehended the woman prisoner. The prosecutor gave a description of the man who had beaten him; I apprehended the man. The prosecutor said he could not swear to him, he was like him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATEMAN
               



            . I am servant to Deer and Lions, pawnbrokers, Three Colt-street, Limehouse. I produce a watch pawned there; I was in the shop when it was pledged; Francis Lion took it in pledge. I have no knowledge whatever of the prisoner. This is the watch.
Prosecutor. I am quite sure it is my watch, that the woman prisoner took from me.
Lummes's Defence. I know nothing about the watch. The man must be mistaken in the person he has sworn to.
Davis was not put on his defence.
LUMMES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Life
            .
DAVIS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
