





704. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, eight live tame rabbits, price 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dyson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NASH
               



            . I lodge at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dyson
               



            's, who is a shoemaker
, and lives at Hackney


; he keeps rabbits in a shed at the front of his house - it is inclosed within a fence. On the 10th of March, about six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner climb over the fence to get out into the road - I knew him before; he lived near us. I called out Stop thief! and followed him over the pales; he had something before him in his smock-frock. I saw the rabbits running about the road immediately as I got over - I stopped to pick them up. Truman brought the prisoner back in less than two minutes; I am sure he is the man; I saw the shed safe the night before - the staple was drawn.


                  RICHARD 
                  CROXTON
               



            . I live at Hackney. About six o'clock in the morning, I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner jump over the fence, with a bag in his left hand; he ran off, carrying the bag a few paces, he then caught hold of the bottom, and turned the rabbits out of it. I secured him without losing sight of him - he observed me, and wanted to get away.


                  THOMAS 
                  DYSON
               



            . I had eight rabbits in my shed, which I locked up the night before - they are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before J Vaillant, Esq.
