





987. 
               
                  HARRIET MOLYNEUX 
                  HAMILTON
               




             was indicted, for that she, on the 6th of June
, did 


               feloniously and maliciously by fraud, take and carry away, a certain male child, under the age of ten years; to wit, about the age of six months, with intent to deprive 
                     

                                    Henry 
                                    Porter
                                 



                              
                           , and Martha his wife





                  , the parents of the said child, of the possession of it, by concealing and stealing it from them its parents, against the statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the prisoner's intent to be to deprive 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Wood
               



            , a person having the lawful care and charge of the said child, of the possession of it.
THIRD COUNT, the same as the first, only stating her intent to be to steal, one beaver hat and feather, value 4s.; one cloth cloak, value 4s.; one frock, value 2s.; two petticoats, value 2s.; one shirt, value 6d.; one cap, and a pair of socks, value 3s., the property of the said 
               
                  Henry 
                  Porter
               



            , and being upon and about the said child, against the statute.
LOUISA WOOD. I am servant to Mr. Porter, who lives in Quebec-street. I am fourteen years of age. On the 6th of June, I had the care of his little boy, who was six months old that day; I was by Lady Montague's house with two more girls, who also had children, the prisoner came up to me and said what a pretty child it was; she gave the other girls a penny, and told them to go and take a walk which they did; after they were gone, she asked me to go on an errand for her, she said I will hold your child while you go, I said I would take it with me; she told me to go to No. 21, Lower Berkeley-street, and she took the child out of my hands, and said I shall sit here till you come back. This was in George-street, she sat at the step of a door; she gave me sixpence, and said she would give me sixpence more, and told me to go and tell a young woman to come directly. I went, and found there was only nineteen houses in the street; when I came back she was gone and the child also. I was alarmed.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. It was after six o'clock in the evening. The girls who were with me live in Mr. Porter's house; Mrs. Porter desired me to stay with these girls and not to trust myself alone; the prisoner was not dressed as she is now. When I first got home my mistress was gone to look for the child. I described the prisoner when she returned, and said I should know her again; the prisoner said I could not knock at the door if I took the child with me. I wished to take it.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. When you returned and found it gone, did you go home directly - A. It was not long. I told all the people; my mistress had heard of it before I got home.
JOHN ARMROD. I am a waterman at the coach-stand at Paddington-street, which is about five minutes walk from Lady Montague's house.

Q. 
            If a person were going from Lady Montague's to Quebec-street, would they go through Paddington-street - A. No it is quite a different direction.
On Friday, 6th of June, a little before seven o'clock, the prisoner came with a child and took Mr. Woolhead's chariot; I first saw her in Crawford-street, she was going towards the stand, I asked her if she wanted a coach, she said yes, and gave me the child; she looked rather hot in the face; she told me to tell the coachman to go to Piccadilly; the child had a white frock and cloak on; she immediately contradicted the order, and said, go to Charing-cross.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. The prisoner was a stranger to me.
Court. Q. How soon after did you hear that a child had been lost - A. About eight o'clock, a man came about it; I told him, that she went away in Woolhead's chariot.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLHEAD
               



            . I am the owner and driver of a hackney chariot which stood in Paddington-street. On the 6th of June, in the evening, the prisoner got in with a child. I am certain it was her; she told me to go to the White-horse-cellar, in Piccadilly, and immediately afterwards she said "drive to Charing-cross, and make haste." On the road the child cried, I looked back and saw the prisoner putting a clean frock and petticoat on the child. I drove on, and as I was going along Cockspur-street, she let down the glass, and said I will not stop here, go over Westminster-bridge, which I did; when I got to the obelisk, I asked her which way I was to go, she said "to the Elephant and Castle, road but go gently, as the shaking of the coach frightens the child;" I passed the Elephant and Castle, and went to the Bricklayer's-arms; she asked me where the Elephant and Castle was, I told her we had passed it, and this was the Bricklayer's-arms; she said with the fatigue of the child she did not know where she was; she asked where the Brighton stages went from, I told her the Elephant and Castle; she said I must go back there; I got her a pint of half-and-half, and she drank it, I asked her why she flurried herself so, the child was wranglesome; we went back, she told me to enquire for a return chaise to Croydon, that it might forward her to Brighton. I could not get one; I got the child some milk, and something for herself; she asked me what I would take her to Croydon for; I agreed to take her for twentyfive shillings, and to stop at any place she required to pacify the child; I went on till we got to the Horse and Groom, at Streatham, which was about nine o'clock, it was dark; the landlady took the child and nursed it, and brought it to her again. When we got to Croydon, sheasked me to get her a post-chaise; I put her into one at the Greyhound, to go to Reigate, which is the first stage to Brighton; this was about half-past ten o'clock. I got back about half-past four the next morning, and found a child had been lost. I went to Mr. Porter and told him what had passed; I immediately took him, and his father, to Croydon, and got there about five o'clock in the morning, we went on to Reigate and through Brighton, and found the prisoner and child at Chichester, about two o'clock in the afternoon; it is about eighty-three miles from London. It was the same child.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Her treatment to the child was very kind.


                  HENRY 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in New Quebec-street, Portman-square, my wife's name is Martha. I was married 14th of April, 1816, at St. James's-church, and had a male child, six months old, and its name was Henry. On the 6th of June, 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Wood
               



             had the care of it, about half-past five o'clock in the evening she went out with it; and at a quarter before seven, I was informed something had happened to him, in consequence of which, my wife went out in one direction and I in another. About a quarter before eight I received information, and went to Woolhead's house; he called on me about a quarter before nine o'clock in the morning; I, and my father, went with him to Croydon immediately, in a chaise, from there we went to Reigate, from thence to Ilinton, and to the Golden Fleece at Chichester; and was informed there was a lady just gone up with a child. I went up into the bed-room and saw the prisoner and my child, it was crying on the bed, and she was leaning over it, and patting it with her hand to quiet it; the child immediately recognized me and laughed; I said, "ah! Henry, have I found you," it immediately recognized me; it had not got my frock on-the prisoner appeared confused. She was carried before a magistrate, and was conveyed to town; immediately that I went into the room, I asked her for my child's clothes; she said they were tied up in a bundle on the floor. I brought them to town with me.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever known the prisoner before - A. Not to have any acquaintance with her; I told her, I believed I had seen her about Crawford-street before.


                  RICHARD 
                  HALLIDY
               



            . I am the landlord of the Golden Fleece, at Chichester, which is eighty miles from town, by the Brighton-road. In June last, the prisoner came to my house with the child, about one o'clock in the afternoon; I saw her get out of the chaise. Mr. Porter afterwards came, I shewed her to him.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               



            , ESQ. I am a magistrate at Chichester. The prisoner was brought before me, what she said was not taken down in writing; I asked her how she could be so cruel as to deprive the parents of their child, and if she was married herself; she said she was a mother; I told her I did not think it possible for a mother to be guilty of such an act; I asked her what she intended to do with it, she said she intended to return it to its parents. Mr. Porter stated the very distressed state in which he had left his wife; I sent her to Bow-street immediately; she begged I would not send her, an the mob in Chichester would tear her to pieces.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a constable of Marylebone. I took the prisoner into custody.
(Clothes produced and sworn to.)
MRS. MARTHA PORTER. I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Porter
               



            . The child is still at my breast, it was dressed in different clothes when it returned.
The prisoner put in a very long written defence, which stated that she did not intend to take the child from its parents for ever, nor to ill-treat it; that she was not actuated by malice towards the child or its parents, or towards 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Wood
               



            , as she did not know either of them; that she had been led to understand that a malicious intent should be proved expressly, and not to be drawn by inference; and that she had no intention of stealing its clothes, as she put far better on it than she took off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
