






961. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADNUM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BURRIDGE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, three coats, value 28 s. three umbrellas, value 16 s. four pair of spurs, value 6 . two pair of boots, value 2 l. a pair of overalls, value 6 s. and a pair of stockings, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     D'Fontaine
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Matthews
                  



               
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  D'FONTAINE
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Matthews
               



            ; we are stable keeper

s, in Worship-street


. The stables had been broken open; I missed the articles in the indictment. The prisoners, both of them, had been servant

s in my employ.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am head ostler to theprosecutors. On the 2nd of September, about ten minutes before six, when I came to my work, I crossed the yard to feed my horses; I saw the back window open of the room where I put the gentlemen's coats; I am sure I shut it the night before. I then went into the riding school; I saw the marks of many people's feet, more than usual. I went to the other side of the stables; I saw that window pushed up, and the shutter just shut down; I fastened it the over night. I found four pair of spurs missing, and three umbrellas. I saw the saddle-room was broken open, and two box-coats gone; I had locked them in the over night and in the cupboard of the stable, I missed two pair of boots; a chaise-bit was found by the officer at 
               
                  John 
                  Bradnum
               



            's house. I went with the officer to Bradnum's house; he opened the door to me; Bishop, the officer, was with me; I went up stairs with him; Burridge was in bed, and Smith, (who is not taken.) I came down stairs; I saw my coat in the parlour, and a bit: they are both my master's property.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM WISE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce two box-coats, two umbrellas, and a pair of overalls; I received them on the 2nd of September, of a man who stated his name to be 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , I lent him two pound ten shillings on them.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street office. I apprehended the prisoners on the 7th of September; Bradnum let me in; Burridge was in bed, and some other person, who made his escape; Bradnum ran up stairs. I found a coat on the table in the lower room; I found three duplicates on the bed; one for an umbrella, and a pair of overalls, in the name of Smith, and I found a chaise-bit. As I was searching under the stairs, I observed Bradnum push something of one side; I went immediately there, and took this crow. I have matched it to the doors that were broken open; it exactly corresponds. Bradnum said it was a bar that they occasionally fastened the gates with.
Q. to Pickett. Look at the great coat, and the chaise-bit - A. They are my masters property, and the other box-coats are my masters property.
Bradnum's Defence. On the day stated in the indictment, Burridge and Smith were lodgers in my house; I thought they were honest characters; the crow was certainly taken by Smith, as well as the coats; every thing was pledged in his name; he has escaped. I am innocent of this charge, so help me God.
Burridge's Defence. I know nothing about it; I am innocent.
BRADNUM, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BURRIDGE, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
