





397. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEBATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, a parasol, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willatts
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLATS
               



            . I live at 21, Gracechurch-street


, I am a stick and umbrella manufacturer
.
RICHARD TAYLOR. I am a soldier in the 2nd regiment of Tower Hamlet militia. On the 6th of April; between seven and eight o'clock, I was going to Leadenhall for half a pound of cheese, I was going along Gracechurch-street, I saw the prisoner look at a coat hung out at a door for sale; I saw another with him, I thought he wanted to take it; I walked down Gracechurch-street after him; he went to the shop of Mr. Willatts; he walked by several times, and looked in; when he found an opportunity he snatched down a parasol; I followed him; he ran up a court right fronting Fen Church; I lost sight of him a little while; knowing him by a brown coat that he had got on I went up to him; I said, what have you got here; I saw a bulk under his coat; he made no answer. The other ran away; he wrestled with me a bit; something dropped; I cannot say what it was. I held him and Mr. Willatts saw the parasol.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer. The parasol was delivered to me, I have had it ever since.
Prosecutor. It is my property. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Taylor
               



             brought the man back with the parasol upon him, and before the Lord Mayor, he said he found it upon him. When the prisoner was brought into the shop the property was upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. He is wrong in saying that Itook it from the shop, I picked it up going along; he is a man of bad character for house breaking.
Taylor. He snatched it from the shop door.



               GUILTY
            . aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
