





447. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, a box, value 1 s. and twenty nine pounds weight of tea, value 18 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Esther 
                  Lloyd
               



            .
SECOND COUNT. For stealing the like property, the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Green
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a porter. On the 21st of February, I was employed by 
               
                  Esther 
                  Lloyd
               



             to take seven chests and one box of tea, from the East India Company's warehouse, to Thomas Green, Little Windmill-street; I stopped in the way at the corner of Rose-street, Soho


; a coal waggon was coming past; I had hold of the truck; I turned my head, and saw the prisoner 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Young
               



            , about twenty yards off with the box of tea on his shoulder, I left the truck and pursued him, and the box of tea was taken to Thomas Green's, and the prisoner to Malborough-street.
Q. Was there any mark on the box - A. There was 932. the King's number. I noticed it before it was taken from the truck, this is the box, I am sure it is the same, it was taken to Green's, for fear the time of the permit should expire before it reached him, and afterwards taken to the office; the officer produces it here.


                  ESTHER 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I employed Palmer and Humphreys to bring tea for me from the East India Company's warehouse for customers; at the time I saw the tea loaded on my truck; I knew the number of the box before it was stolen, the number was 932; I employed Humphreys and Palmer, to take the tea to Mr. Greens.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Esther 
                  Lloyd
               



            ; I was assisting 
               
                  William 
                  Palmer
               



             in carrying this tea; we had seven chests of tea and this box in Rose-street, at the further end of Rose-street, there is a gate way, at the entering into Greek-street we had occasion to stop by a coal waggon crossing that end, on turning to look behind us, Palmer said the box is gone; I bid him run back; I then asked a person that stood by to mind the truck, while I pursued after him; Palmer came up to the prisoner first, he seized him by the collar with one hand, and the box of tea with the other; the officer came up, Palmer gave him in his charge; the box was lodged at Thomas Greens, we acquainted him what had happened. The box was taken from there to the office in Malborough street. this is the box.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILLAM
               



            . I am beadle of St. Ann's parish. On the 21st of February, I was in Rose-street I saw a truck under a gate-way with boxes like this; I thought the prisoner had taken the box from the truck, he got in the wide part of the street, and put the box on his shoulder, and then he run very quick; I saw Palmer pursuing him, Palmer seized the prisoner, I came up and took the prisoner to the watch-house, I saw the box delivered to Mr. Green in his shop; I requested him not to disturb the box we should want it, to take to Malborough street office. I marked the box with a notch that I might know it again, and after it was taken to the office; I have had it ever since, this is the box, it contains Hyson tea.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by a man to take the box, to the Spotted Dog in Holborn.



               GUILTY
             aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
