





303. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               steel-for stealing, on the 22d of November
, 48 currant-trees, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Graham
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am a nurseryman
, and live at Camden Town


. In the beginning of November I had been robbed twice, and on the 22d I ordered my man to take up the currant-trees, which stood in a regular form, to sort, and divide the large and small. He took them out of the ground, and was sorting them on the 22d and 23d. On Sunday, the 23d, Smith, the officer, came - I told him, and asked him to look at the remainder of the trees, that if he saw any like them he might know them-some had been taken away the night before. I lost five or six hundred in all. We went to Mr. Mills's, public-house, in the Hampstead-road - I told him not to tell me which he had bought, and I would point out my trees myself. The first I saw in his garden was mine. I pointed out twelve which I knew. He said he bought them of the prisoner. I found twelve more in the next garden, which I knew. I went into four gardens, and found twelve in each - I pointed them out myself. The other gardens belong to Barnes, Showler, and Baldwin.


                  JOHN 
                  TIGHE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Graham. I took the trees up ont of the ground a day or two before - I know them to be the same that I took up.
WILLIAM DEACON. I am gardener to Mr. Graham. I know the trees to be his property perfectly well.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHOWLER
               



            . I live in the Hampstead-road. The trees that were taken out of my garden I bought of the prisoner - (looking at them)-these are them; I gave him 14s. for the whole. I am certain he is the man. I bought them on a Saturday, I believe.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS
               



            . (looking at the trees) - I bought these currant-trees of the prisoner about a fortnight or three weeks before he was taken - I gave him 9s. for three dozen.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I bought a dozen currant-trees of the prisoner, and one dozen of gooseberries for 4s. 6d. - (looking at them)-these are the same.
JOHN SMITH. I apprehended the prisoner. The trees answer the description the prosecutor gave me.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . The three parcels of trees produced are mine, and are the same trees which were pulled up and placed in my garden. I know one in particular, by its being broken in removing.


                  JOHN 
                  TIGHE
               



            . I know them all-the one that is broken in particular.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
