





1212. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PONTEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, three geese, price 10s.; three ducks, price 5s.; and twelve fowls, price 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Potter
               




            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  POTTER
               



            . I have a house at Walthamstow, Essex


. On the 26th of July, I received information that my poultry was gone; Johnston went to Leadenhall-market with me; he pointed them out to me there, at nine o'clock on the 26th of July; I knew them to be mine; I found twelve fowls at Frisby's-stall, among which there was a blind bantam and a young hen, which had its head disfigured, by which I knew them; I also found the geese and ducks. I have them all.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. They were all alive, and a particular breed.
ROBERT JOHNSTON. I am Mr. Potter's servant. I put the poultry all up safe at half-past seven o'clock on the 26th of July, the next morning at six o'clock, I missed them; the cow house-door was broke open, the staple was wrenched off; I went to town to my master, and we went to Leadenhall-market and found twelve of the fowls in Frisby's cage - I knew them again; I used to feed them; I afterwards ound the geese; when they were brought back they knew their house again and ran into it. I am certain they are my master's.
Cross-examined, Woodford is two or three miles from Walthamstow.


                  EDMUND 
                  FRISBY
               



            . On the 26th of July, the prisoner and another man sold me the fowls in the market, between five and half-past five o'clock in the morning; they had them in two small baskets, six in each; Mr. Potter knew them when they were mixed with others. He asked 18s., I gave him 13s., for them.
Cross-examined. I did not hear the prisoner ask the other man to pay him for bringing them to town; they both went away together-both put a price on them.
DANIEL DONOVAN. I am a dealer in poultry. On the 26th of July, I saw the prisoner and another; man about half-past five o'clock in the morning, in the market, I bought three geese of them for 9s., and four ducks for 5s., the prisoner said nothing about them, the other man sold them; the prisoner put them in my basket out of a large flat basket in the cart; it was not a poultry-basket; the cart was in Lime-street; there was other poultry in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  URN
               



            . I go with Donovan there frequently, and saw the prisoner bring fowls to market and sell them; the cart had a large hamper in it, with a small hole in the top, covered over; when Donovan had agreed for them, he asked who would receive the money, the prisoner said," we are all one."
Cross-examined. I never bought fowls of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  DORNELL
               



            . I was close by when they were buying the ducks; I knew the prisoner before; he used to buy fowls there; he had the name of
"John Ponten, Fish-machine, Woodford, Essex," on his cart.
Cross-examined. I have frequently seen him and the other man together; they were partners; a man sometimes brings fowls for other people.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of July, I went to the prisoner's house at Woodford, about ten o'clock at night; I told him I took him into custody for stealing fowls, and asked him where the other man was that was at Leadenhall-market with him that morning, he said he had not been to Leadenhall-market that morning nor had any man with him, but he had been to Billingsgate, as he generally did, leaving Woodford at four o'clock in the morning, to deal in fish, and if there was no fish he dealt in vegetables, and that he never dealt in fowls; after pressing him a great deal on our way to town, he said he remembered taking a man up on the road with a basket, I asked him what was in it, he said he did not know, he said he took the man to Leadenhall-market, and was to have 6d for it; I saw his cart, it had a great flat basket in it which fitted to the bottom, it appeared to be made for the purpose. It was not like a fish-cart.
Prisoner's Defence. I deal in fish, and did not know the fowls were stolen.
SARAH WARD. There was another man lived with the prisoner - I left him in bed at ten o'clock the day before he was taken, and he went out at four o'clock in the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
