





944. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS AYLIFFE 
                     GEE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22nd of March
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hodgson
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Hodgson
                        



                     
                  , and that he did receive 96 l. 5 s. from one 
                     
                        Arthur 
                        Newman
                     



                   for his masters, and that he afterwards did embezzle, steal, and secrete the same
            .
And OTHER COUNTS, for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  ARTHUR 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a publican, at Limehouse-hole.
Q. Do you deal with Messrs. Hodgson's for beer - A. I do.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do, he was a servant to Messrs. Hodgson's. In March last I paid him ninety-six pounds five shillings. This is the receipt that I had of the prisoner. (The receipt read.) I cannot say whether I paid him at my own house, or whether I paid it in the accompting-house of the Bow brewhouse. I paid him in a check and bank notes.


                  GEORGE 
                  HODGSON
               



            . Q. This brewhouse was formerly your father's - A. It was.
Q. Who are the persons that carry on the business - A. Myself and my brother Frederick. The business is carried on in the name of my father's executors; my mother, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodgson
               



            , 
               
                  David 
                  Rimington
               



            , and 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Charrington
               



            . They carry on the business for the benefit of myself and brother. I superintend the whole business.
Q. Has the prisoner been for some time a clerk in your brewhouse - A. He was a clerk to my father, he was continued by the executors; he was entrustedby them to receive money for the house. When he received he was first to make an entry in his own cash book. That is the cash book in which he was to make the entry. That book is all his hand-writing. He strikes a balance once a week.
Q. Did he ever pay over to you the ninety-six pounds five shillings received of Mr. Arthur Newman - A. He did not.
Q. On the 22d of March last do you find in his cash book any such entry - A. No; between the 20th and 27th of March there but three items of five shillings each.
Q. When he paid over money to you did you make entries in your own cash book - A. I did. I have carefully examined it; he never paid over that money to me.
Q. How long did he continue in your service - A. Until the early part of July. I then discharged him.
Q. Are you the only person to whom the prisoner accompted - A. I was the only person. The executors do not interfere in the business. Directly after he was discharged I made the discovery of his embezzling the monies.
Q. In consequence of that did you cause warrants to be issued - A. Yes, and offered a reward for the apprehending him. A few days after I had done that I received this letter from him.
"SIR, Enclosed I return you three bills which I had in my pocket-book; at the same time on my past misconduct allow me to say a few words; I have committed a crime. I do most sincerely acknowledge I deserve every step you have taken. My life is forfeited to the laws of my country, I readily allow. For myself I care not; I am ready to meet death: 'tis for others. This occasions me to place myself in a secure asylum, where it will be surprising to me that I should be discovered. If, by any untoward circumstance, my abode should be traced. I hope my Maker will excuse me if I should be my own executioner. Consider your own sentiments under my sufferings. I am happy to hear that most that profess themselves friends for you and your family with me will most cordially pray for you.
I remain, sir,
Your repentant humble servant,
T. A. GEE."
Mr. Gurney, Q. to Mr. Hodgson. When was he apprehended - A. He was apprehended last September, about ten days ago.
Prisoner's Defence. I was born of respectable parents. I throw myself on your mercy. I hope you will take that into consideration.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
