





123. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, four table-cloths, value 3 l., and one one shirt, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel Pepys 
                     Cockerill
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am servant to S. P. Cockerill. The prisoner was our washerwoman
. We lost these things at different times, and discharged her on suspicion.


                  JAMES 
                  GIDGEON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Stafford-street, Lisson-green. On the 15th of June a tablecloth was pledged in the prisoner's name. On the 21st another in the name of Church. On the 21st of May ano- in her own name and address. On the 31st of October another in the name of Holmes, Charles-street. I do not know who pledged them.


                  JOHN 
                  THORPE
               



            . I am a plasterer. Two months ago the prisoner offered me a shirt for sale. She said it was Indian cloth, made by the blacks. I gave her 6 s. for it. On the 31st of October I saw her searched, and a quantity of duplicates found under her stays, and more in her bureau; in all fifty-eight duplicates were found.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on another charge, and asked her for the duplicates. She said she had some in her bureau, and she had no others. I found a great quantity there. I searched her person, saw her hand in her pocket-hole, and between her stays and her body I found a glove containing forty-eight duplicates, four of which related to these table-cloths. She said they belonged to a kept woman, in Mortimer-street, who gave them to her to pledge. I detained them for her to bring the woman, to say they were her property, between the Saturday and Monday she absconded. On the 15th of November I took her at Battersea. She said they were the prosecutor's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
