





81. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of October
, eighty-four pounds weight of candles, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Bennett 
                     Davis
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  BENNETT 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a widow. I live at No. 62, High Holborn. I keep an oilshop
. On the 23d of October I received a note by a boy, (the note read.)
"In addition to these articles received on Saturday, Miss West requests Mrs. Davis to send early on Monday morning, four dozen of candles for the house, and two dozen of moulds; to be left at the same place. Miss West thinks the mustard dear; would request Mrs. Davis to be reasonable in her charge of the articles." This is the note I received before
(read.)
" October 22, 1814. Miss West requests Mrs. Davis one pound of black pepper, and fourteen pound weight of soap, directed to Miss West, Hampstead, to be left at the same straw hat shop, Tottenham-court-road."
Mrs. DAVIS. I directed the quantity of candles to be made up.
Q. Did you know such a person as Miss. West of Hampstead - A. No, I directed an enquiry to be made; I could find no such person,
GEORGE GRIGG. I am shopman to Mrs. Davis; I packed up the candles in a box, and weighed them, five dozen, and two dozen pound of moulds, that is eighty-four pounds. They were afterwards taken to the house of Mrs. Smith, 204, Tottenham-court-road. I directed the box for Miss West, Hampstead, to go by the Hampstead coach. I ordered them to be left at Mrs. Smith's, 204, Tottenham-court-road.
HENRY TWITE READ. On the 23d of October last I carried a box of candles to 204, Tottenham-court-road, and left them there as I was directed.


                  ROSETTA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live with my mother, 204, Tottenham-court-road At our house we take in parcels to be taken by the Hampstead coach. I took in a box directed for Miss West of Hampstead; when the lad brought the box, I desired him to send somebody; in consequence of which Mrs. Davis came, and after that Grigg came; he went to a neighbour's house until I sent for him; in about half an hour after that, the prisoner came; he said I have come for those things for Miss West. I said to him, it is a box; he said it is a box; he asked me where it was; I said it was in the parlour, if he would come and take it. He came, and lifted the box up by the rope from where it was into the middle of the room, and at the time Grigg came into the room.
Q. Did he move it completely from the place where it was before - A. Yes, he moved it about a yard; I had sent for Gregory, and Gregory came in and laid hold of him.
Prisoner. I never moved the box at all.
MISS SMITH. I am sure he moved it full a yard from where it was before.
Q. to Grigg. You were sent for by the last witness to come over - A. I took him; he confessed the two notes were written by him; I shewed him the two notes; he said they were his own writing; I took him into custody; he was taken to the watchhouse.
Q. to Mrs. Davis. Do you know the prisoner's hand writing - A. I think the notes are his handwriting.
Q. What is the value of these candles - A. Four pounds is an under value
Prisoner's Defence. It was necessity made me do this.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
