






454. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, a sheet, value 5 s. two blankets, value 4 s. a quilt, value 3 s. a rug, value 3 s. a tea kettle, value 4 s. a pillow case, value 9 d. a saucepan, value 1 s. and a looking glass, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  JONES
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            .
Q. Did you let a lodging to these people - A. Yes, they came in the lodging on Christmas Eve; they both lived together, and passed as man and wife, they had one room ready furnished in the first floor at five shillings a week; they had two blankets, a quilt, a rug, a tea kettle, a saucepan, and a looking-glass; all these things they were to have the use of.
Q. When did you loose these things - A. I believe on the 4th of March they were taken in custody I opened the door and went in, and missed thesethings; not seeing the woman for two days; I had seen the man, he left the lodging on the Saturday; she left it on the Thursday. I got an officer, and had them both taken into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a rug, quilt, a tea kettle, and a saucepan, I took them in pawn of the woman prisoner on different days.


                  JOHN 
                  BONNY
               



            . I am a furniture broker. The woman prisoner sold me the duplicate of a sheet, she had pawned at Mr. Blackburn's.
Mrs. Jones. They are all my husband's property.
Jones's Defence. I pledged the things with intention to bring them back again; I positively lost the duplicates out of my snuff-box; I was afraid of leting the man know it.
Dean's Defence. I never took the room, nor paid the rent.
DEAN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
