





1027. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KAYE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, one picture, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hayter
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hayter
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HAYTER
               



            . I lodge in Wells-street, Oxford-street


, the house is not mine - I am a miniature-painter
; the prisoner had introduced himself to me as Mr. 
               Jackson
             the artist, soliciting charity. I lent him a book on painting, to have his opinion on it. On the 7th of September last, about two o'clock, I had been out; when I came home I missed the picture, and found the books, on the table, which I had lent him-it was painted by my daughter; I have never seen it since-it was safe twenty minutes before, hanging up in my room.


                  SARAH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am Mr. Hayter's servant. A man came to the door, and asked for Mr. Hayter; I told him he would be at home in a quarter of an hour, and asked him up into the drawing-room he took a book out of his pocket, and wrote the name of Jackson on a piece of paper, and laid it on the table with the book. I shewed him into the room where the pictures were, and went down. In about ten minutes I returned to the room, found him gone, and the street - door open. The man was very much like the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not let me out - A. No; no other person had been in the room.
JAMES FLETCHER. I am a constable. Mr. Hayter gave the prisoner in charge, and called him by the name of Jackson; he then said his name was Kaye.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent, and know nothing of the picture.
GUILTY. Aged 44.




               Of stealing only
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
