





792. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, fifteen yards of printed cotton, value 27 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pullen
                  




               
            .
JAMES ARCHER. I saw the prisoner, and a lad, standing at Mr. Pullen's door, at about half past seven in the evening, of the 15th of August, and presently I saw the lad take a piece of printed cotton, which was standing on the threshold of the door, half in, and half out, and deliver it to the prisoner at the bar. They immediately ran up the court, and I pursued them, and laid hold of the prisoner, who had the cotton, and had thrown his apron over it. Just at the end of the court, I met a man, who assisted me in securing the prisoner; and the lad got away. We then opened the apron, and took the prisoner to Mr. Pullen, who claimed the cotton. The prisoner said, he was employed by some person, whom he did not know, to carry the cotton, and he was to have had a shilling for his trouble. An officer was immediately sent for, and the prisoner was delivered into his custody.
Cross-examined. I am confident it was the prisoner that received the cotton from the boy, for he had it in his apron when I took him.


                  ROBERT 
                  BENGAL
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, to take charge of the prisoner: and this piece of cotton was delivered into my care at the same time. I have kept it ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, residing at 145, Bishopsgate-street


. I know nothing of the particulars of the robbery of my own knowledge. The prisoner was brought into my shop, and this piece of cotton, which Bengal, the officer, has produced, was taken out of his apron, and it is my property, it has my shop mark upon it; it is worth one pound seven shillings at prime cos.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
