





715. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Eagleton
                        




                     
                  , on the 8th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 2 l. 10 s.
             his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  EAGLETON
               



            . On the 8th of August last, I was at the King's-arms public-house, Mary-le-bone


; the prisoner was there when I went in. I had my watch with me when I went in the house. As I was passing out, this 
               
                  John 
                  Carr
               



             immediately followed me; and as I got up, he put his hand and joggled the table. I immediately said, my friend, it is nonsense for you to throw the table down. He put his left arm against my breast, and drew my watch out with his right hand. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Windham
               



             was present; he saw it. He was sitting by the prisoner.
Q. It was plain that he must be discovered - A. Yes.
Q. Was he drunk - A. I cannot say; he did not appear to me to be drunk.
Prisoner. I never was near him. I was sitting by myself.
Prosecutor. I am quite sure he took my watch out of my pocket after he disturbed the table, and endeavoured to throw the things down.


                  ROBERT 
                  WINDHAM
               



            . I was with the last witness in the public-house; we had been there near an hour; we had a pint each man. We were going home then to go to bed.
Q. Where was this - A. In the public tap-room.
Q. Did it appear to you that the prisoner was in liquor or not - A. I could not perceive that he was in liquor; the time the prosecutor got up to go home, he said, Windham, I am going home, are you. I said, yes; directly the prisoner got up, he made a great racket with the table; a rummer stood on the table, and two or three pots; the prosecutor said, do not do any mischief at this time of night. The prisoner put his left arm against the breast of the prosecutor, and with his right hand the prisoner took the watch out of Eagleton's pocket; then he tried to conceal it by grappling it up between his sleeve. The prosecutor caught him by the collar. Then he threw the watch down on the stones, and the glass was broken.
JOHN - . I was the night constable. The prisoner and the watch were brought to me by the prosecutor.
Prosecutor. It is my watch, and it is the watch that the prisoner took from me.
Q. He offered no violence to you - A. No; he put his left arm against me, and instantly drew my watch out.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at this house, and this young man, and six or seven came in, and played at domino's. I got up and was going out; I bid them good-night. That young man said, he had lost his watch. I said, they should search me, and under the table they found the watch. They said, I put it there.
GUILTY, aged 18,
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not violently
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Gibbs.
