





409 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GEORGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the sixth of April
, a box, value 2 s. three frocks, value 3 s. three pair of breeches, value 6 s. five aprons, value 5 s. three shirts, value 3 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Millard
                  




               
            .
DAVID MILLARD. I am a carrier
. I keep an errand cart
. On the 6th of April, at half-past six o'clock in the afternoon I stopped my cart in Cheapside


, near the corner of Foster lane, facing the Old Change. I got out, and went two or three doors down the street, and as I came to the top of the Old Change, into Cheapside, I saw the prisoner take the box off the foot board of the cart, and put it on his right shoulder. I caught him by the lappet of his coat, and halloaed out stop thief; he made a push forward and threw the box off his shoulder behind, the lappet of his coat came off, and I had it in my hand. I ran after him, and caught him by the corner of Pater-noster Row. I brought him back to my cart, and gave charge of him to Mr. Sheppard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I took the prisoner in custody, and I have the lappet of his coat.


                  MARY 
                  HAYE
               



            . I can prove that this property belongs to me; I delivered it to this man for the Chelsea errand cart.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.
Q. How came the flap of your coat to come off. - A. There were twenty or thirty people about, and this man caught hold of me, I thought it was a press-gang.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
