





1427. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, one handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wintel
                     




                  , from the person of 
                     
                        James 
                        Wintel
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  WINTEL
               



            . On the 10th of October. about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking along Newgate-street


, a shabby-looking man pushed against me - I suspected him, put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I collared him and searched him, but did not find it on him - I let him go. A gentleman pointed the prisoner out to me - I seized him, and saw my handkerchief laying at his feet - I picked it up, and gave him in charge, I live in Kirby-street, Hatton-garden.
EDWARD INSKIP. I am an artificial flower-maker, and live in Addle-street. On the 10th of October I was in Newgate-street - the passage was obstructed by the unloading of a waggon. After the truss was removed, I saw the prosecutor collar a man, and charge him with stealing his handkerchief-the man offered to be searched. I observed a porter pointing toward Cheapside; I looked round, and saw the prisoner standing against a warehouse just by, and saw something yellow under his jacket behind. I turned round, and told the prosecutor, who was there, pointing to the prisoner, and looking at him. He shook himself, and I saw the handkerchief fall on the pavement from him-nobody else was near him. The prosecutor collared him, and picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Several persons came by the prosecutor. I saw the handkerchief drop, picked it up, and put it under my jacket. The prosecutor charged a man with the robbery. I thought I had better drop it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of stealing, but not from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
