





587. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BETTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
, a handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at No. 77, Newgate-street; I am clerk
 to Mr. Anderson, Clement's-lane, he is a Scotch factor. On Monday evening, between eight and nine o'clock, I was passing the corner of Shoe-lane, in Fleet-street


, there was a house repairing there, I passed under the scaffolding, I fancied I perceived a hand in my pocket, I put my hand upon my coat pocket and found that my handkerchief was gone; I immediately turned round and saw the prisoner putting his hand under his waistcoat, as if putting something under his waistcoat; I immediately laid hold of him, and said, my friend, you have got my pocket handkerchief: he appeared quite astonished, and declared he had not; he attempted to get away from me, and dragged me up Shoe-lane; several persons came up, and as soon as he found he could not escape, he put his hand under his waistcoat and drew it out; I saw him throw it away. I think the handkerchief was delivered to me by Mr. Newman.


                  GEORGE 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . On Monday evening between eight and nine o'clock, I was going down Fleet-street. I saw the prosecutor have hold of the prisoner, he charged the prisoner with picking his pocket, I saw him pull the handkerchief out of his waistcoat and chuck it down, I immediately picked it up and gave it to the prosecutor.
MR. WORRALL. I am a beadle, the handkerchief was delivered to me, I produce it.
Prosecutor. It is my handkerchief, it is worth three shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Shoe-lane, this gentleman came up to me, and said, you have got my silk handkerchief; I said, I have no silk handkerchief of yours; up came a man, who before the alderman, said he lived at No. 2, Shoe-lane; he saw me throw it down. I heard a woman say, here is a handkerchief; I never saw the handkerchief before I saw it before the alderman. I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
