






357. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HATCHER
               



             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  HATCHER
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of February
, a sheet, value 5 s. two pair of stockings, value 10 s. eleven napkins, value 1 s. a gown, value 10 s. a piece of cotton, value 2 d. and a piece of muslin, value 2 d. the property of Lady


                        Ann Louisa 
                        Stuart
                     



                  , widow
, and a gown, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Dawson
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, the property of Dame Ann Louisa Stuart.


                  MARIA 
                  DAWSON
               



            . Q. You live with lady Stuartat Richmond - A. I do.
Q. On the 17th of February was your laundry robbed - A. Yes; we lost various articles. I only know the things were stolen.
Q. Among these articles were there a sheet, a gown, stockings, a piece of cotton, a piece of muslin and a gown of yours - A. Yes. Lady 
               
                  Ann 
                  Louisa
               



             Stuart is a widow.


                  HENRY 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am butler to lady Stuart.
Q. Were you at home when the laundry was broken open - A. I was not there at the time; I only know that the things were stolen; I was sent for the next day; it was done on the 14th of night or the 15th in the morning of February last; it was done by cutting a hole in the laundry wall, and opening the window. I went to Bow-street and had some hand-bills distributed. We received information from Mrs. Flint, a pawnbroker, Edgware road.


                  MARY 
                  FLINT
               



            . I keep a pawnbroker's shop, 89, Edgware road.
Q. Look at that sheet and stockings - 
               A. Jane Wake
             pledged them with me on the 17th of February.
Q. Who came to redeem them - A. Both the prisoners; and in consequence of a handbill that I received I had the prisoners taken in custody, on the 12th of March, when they came to redeem them; they said they purchased the ticket of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Wake
               



            , the person that pawned them.


                  JANE 
                  WAKE
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoners at the bar - A. I have seen the man; I succeeded the woman in service.
Q. Look at that sheet and these stockings, we have heard you pawned them at Mr. Flint's - A. Yes; I got them from the prisoners; I had been ill for three weeks; I went out for the air on the 17th of February, I was going up the Edgware-road, in the afternoon to the best of my recollection.
COURT. Do they live in Edgware-road - A. No; they live in Williams's brick fields, down Bayswater. The woman asked me if I would pledge what was in the basket; her husband was with her; I refused pledging them; afterwards I said I would take them to Mr. Moore, Burr-street, Oxford-street; she told me she would not have them taken there; I was to take them to Mrs. Flint's, Edgware-road, and to pledge them in my own name; I did so. I pledged them for ten shillings; her husband was in the shop at the same time, he pledged his watch for five shillings; he went out, and when I came out I went to them; I gave them the basket, the ticket, and the two five shilling pieces.
Q. Then you did not sell her the ticket as she has stated - A. I never did.
Mr. Alley. You were taken up - A. Yes.
Q. You said then that they had employed you to pawn the things - A. Yes; I said the same then as I do now.
Q. The consequence was, you were discharged and they were taken in custody - A. Yes.
Q. Had not you a brother in trouble some time ago at the assizes - A. Yes.
Q. Was he transported - A. I do not know where he is.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, did not you apply to these poor people and beg of them to purchase this duplicate of you, you saying that your brother was in distress, and you wanted a shilling to send him down in the country - A. Upon my oath, I did not. This man was with my brother, and I have no doubt he was the man that drawed my brother in; I was very much hurt, thinking that this man should abscond and my brother suffer for it.
Q. Then you supposing your brother was suffering on the hulks, having been drawn in by this man, you would have us suppose that he prevailed upon you to pawn the things in your own name - A. That is the way.
Q. Then I am to understand you, you supposed that man was a dishonest character, you believed that he led your brother into the misfortune, and after that you were prevailed upon by him to pawn these things in your own name - A. I was. I did not know what was in the basket till I opened it at Mrs. Flint's.
Q. What do you get your living by - A. Needle work. I work for any body.
Q. Where you brought up a mantua-maker or millener - A. No; but I know so far of it I can get my living by it.
Q. Where was your last service - A. It is not two years ago since I was in service; I chose to be out of place, then I can do as I like; an accident took me from my service, by being scalded.
Mr. Curwood. You say you have a brother unfortunately in trouble - A. Yes.
Q. Notwithstanding that you assisted him - A. Yes.
Q. How long is that ago - A. The 2nd of August, I think.
Q. Then your brother was not at large in February - A. No.
Q. You were immediately to be found by the description that you gave when you pawned these things - A. Yes; I gave my true address.
COURT. What service had you - A. A cook's place; the woman prisoner was a cook, I succeeded her.
SAMUEL LACK. I am an officer of Bow-street. In consequence of a search warrant, on the 13th of March, I searched the prisoners house; the house is in a brick field at the back of Bayswater. The prisoners were in custody then. I found there a piece of a gown buried under a hearth stone, and two other pieces of muslin I found in the room, and a cambric pocket handkerchief; these I found in the prisoners house. I found two tickets at 
               
                  Jane 
                  Wake
               



            's house, wrapped up in the prisoners pocket handkerchief; amongst these doileys, on the pocket handkerchief, was the prisoners name in full length; she lives at No 5, Adam-street, West. When I took her in custody she gave me these doileys, and the ticket together in the handkerchief.
Q. to Wake. When you were taken in custody you gave the officer the ticket, the handkerchief, and doileys - A. Yes; I had from the prisoners the two gowns, eleven doileys, and the handkerchief. They were to give me some money for my brother; they said they had no money, but wished me to pawn them; I did pawn them; she said if I could get the sum of seven shillings not to pledge the doileys; I might get more on the gowns if I could; I got seven shillings and sixpence upon the gowns, that money was for my brother. I went down to her with the ticket, she was not at home, and it was very wet after that.
- SEARLE. I am a servant to Mr. Moore. A person of the name of Wake pledged two morning dressing gowns with me; I lent her three half crowns on them.



                  Thomas 
                  Hatcher
               



            's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction.


                  Ann 
                  Hatcher
               



            's Defence. The same.
THOMAS HATCHER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ANN HATCHER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
