





1389. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 14 lbs. of twine, value 3 s,; two pair of broom-heads, value 5 s.; twelve brushes, value 15 s.; three ounces of Prussian blue, value 10 d., and half a pound of mineral green, value 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy William 
                     Barker
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James Thomas 
                     Barker
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Gough
                  



               
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  WILLIAM BARKER
               



            . I am a calenderer
, and live in Gracechurch-street; I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Thomas Barker
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gough
               



            . On the 8th of October I was told by our porter, that he had followed the prisoner, who was also a porter
, out of the shop, carrying a bag, which he shewed to me; it contained about 14 lbs. of twine. We sent for an officer, andtook him before the Lord Mayor, who recommended our searching the prisoner's house. We then weighed our bag in which the twine is kept, and found near 2 cwt. deficient.


                  HENRY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Barker. On the morning of the 8th of October I was told the prisoner had gone out with a parcel; I followed him, brought him back to the shop, and asked him what he had in the bag which he had with him? He answered, Nothing. On examining it I found it contained 14 lbs. of string. I showed it to my master.


                  CHARLES 
                  KILLICK
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I have often seen Scott go out with bundles under his arm, when my master went to breakfast. I informed the apprentice of it. One day he was coming out of the cellar with a parcel, and saw my master coming from the counting-house, he threw it down stairs, but as soon as my master went to breakfast he brought it up, and went out with it. I informed the foreman of it on Friday morning when he went out, and he fetched him back.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 8th of October I was sent for to Messrs. Barkers', and took the prisoner in charge for stealing a parcel of twine. I took him before the Lord Mayor, and he was remanded. He said he lived at No. 1, Osborne-street, Bermondsey - I could not find him there. As I returned I found he lived at No. 1, Salisbury-lane. I went to the house, and told his wife I wanted some brushes, she said she had no brushes there whatever. I searched, and found a quantity of twine, and the rest of the property stated in the indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is my first offence. I have had charge of the house several Sundays, and every thing was found safe.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
