





795. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Lewis 
                        Gilson
                     



                  , about four o'clock in the night of the 9th of April
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one pewter ticket, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blenkarn
                        



                     
                  ; one tin box, value 15s.; 309 pieces of stamped paper, value 4l. 13s. 6d.; 120 pieces of copper, value 6s.; 2l. 5s. in monies numbered, one guinea, and seven 1l. bank notes
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  Matthias Prime 
                  Lucas
               



            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Drinkald
                  



               
            , and the said John Blenkarn.


                  JOHN 
                  BLENKARN
               



            . I am a wharfinger


, and am in partnership with 
               
                  Matthias 
                  Prime
               



             Lucas and 
               
                  John 
                  Drinkald
               



            , jun. On the 10th of April, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was informed by the clerk that our counting-house had been broken open. I went, and found five desks and two drawers had been forced, and missed the monies and other things stated in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  BEETHAM
               



            . I am the wharf-clerk-the premises are in Water-lane, Lower Thames-street


. I came to the counting-house at seven o'clock in the morning, and gave the key to Cabell to clean it out. The counting-house is part of Messrs. Lewis Gilson and Son's house. In consequence of what Cabell said, I went and found the desks broken open, and told Mr. Blenkarn.


                  JOHN 
                  CABELL
               



            . I am the porter. On Thursday morning, the 10th of April, I was sent to sweep out the counting-house - I found the door unlocked, and the desks wide open. I immediately locked the door, and took the keys down to Beetham, who went back and found it as he has described-the lock had been picked.
JOHN BEETHAM. I double-locked the counting-house door at ten o'clock at night; I am certain of it.
Mr. LEWIS GILSON. The back of my premises are in Water-lane, Lower Thames-street - I let them to Messrs. Blenkarn and Co. as a counting-house. There is a door that communicates from my passage-my dwelling-house is over it.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. My son is in partnership with me, and lives at the house.
WALTER STONE. I am an officer. On the 10th of April I was on duty in Tower-street. The prisoner, in company with two other men, passed me about a quarter after six o'clock in the morning. I followed them into Fenchurch-street; the prisoner crossed over to Biliter-lane-the other two went to the right. I went up to the prisoner, and asked him what he had got; he said it was a pretty thing to ask him. I told him he must satisfy me before he went further. He said, if I stopped him it would be the worse for me. I told him he must satisfy me. I secured him, and took him back to Tower-street. He had a handkerchief in his hand, and a cash-box; a quantity of stamps, 4s. 11d. in copper, and 19s. 6d. in silver. I found seventeen skeleton keys in his pocket, a dark lanthorn, and two candles. He had a custom-house freeman's ticket in his waistcoat pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWLER
               



            . I am book-keeper to Messrs. Lucas and Co. I left the desks all locked at five o'clock in the evening-next morning I found them broken open, and 9l. taken away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the men, who asked me to take care of the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
