






1527. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MASON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEAK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, one set of bed furniture, value 30s.; one bed gown, value 2s. 6d.; one night cap, value 2s., and six neck handkerchiefs, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Lowther
               





WILLIAM LOWTHER. I am a laceman
, and live on Holloway-terrace, Islington


. On the 26th of September the linen hung in my garden to bleach, in the evening it was taken off the lines, and put in a washing tub in the courtyard, at the top of the garden, Next morning it was taken - I found the prisoner, in custody with it.
THOMAS PORTER. I am a watchman at Holloway. I saw the prisoner Mason about half-past four o'clock in the morning, with a bag on his back; I asked him what the bag contained; he said he did not know. I found it was wet linen - He said a man gave it to him to carry, and was to meet him in a brick-field, and was to give him sixpence, and a good breakfast, for his trouble. As I was taking him to the watch-house he said he would tell me the truth, and where I could find the man; but if the man knew it he would kill him - He said that he sent him forward, and said he would go and get a bag of fowls, and another bag of linen. I took the constable to the brick-field, to see the man, and found a man looking to see if anybodywas coming-Beak was with him. The man saw us, and said, "D-n their eyes! here they come, run off my boy." They both ran into the fields-the man escaped. I took Break, and asked him where the other bag was, he said he did not know. I took him back to where they ran from, and found another bag of linen covered over with straw. I have never found the man.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house; I went with Porter and took Beak; the man jumped off a hill, and ran away. I found the bag covered over with straw-it contained the bed-furniture.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MASON'S Defence. I met a man, who asked me to carry the bundle. I know nothing of Beak.
MASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
BEAK - 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
