






300. 
               
                  MANASSEH 
                  BOOTH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of March
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Stokes
                     



                  , a pocket book, value 2 d. and a bank note, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Buswell
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSWELL
               



            . Q. You are a farmer and grazier
, living in Northamptonshire - A. Yes. On the 7th of March I first saw the prisoner at the Half Moon in Smithfield, he was sitting in the tap-room; a neighbour of mine asked him where he came from; the prisoner said he came from Wellington, he came away from there on account of a girl that his father would not let him marry; I asked him whether he would wish to go home; he replied, he had a great desire to do it, but he had no money; I told him if he would go home I would pay the coach-hire, which I did, and I told Mrs. Stokes, the landlady, that if there was any thing to pay I would see that it was paid.
Q. On what day were you to go - A. I was not going with him; he was to go the next morning by ten o'clock.
Q. Where did the prisoner sleep - A. At the Half Moon; he did not sleep there that night.
Q. What time did you retire to bed on the night of the 7th - A. Between eight and nine, I think.

Q. 
            Had you at the time that you went to bed, any money about you - A. Yes, a pocket book containing near three hundred pound bank of England notes. In all there was an hundred pound check, and two hundred and fifty nine pounds besides the check.
Q. Was there a five pound note amongst them besides the check - A. Yes.
Q. When you went to bed where did you put that pocket book containing that note, and the other notes - A. In my breeches pocket. I am sure I had it in my breeches pocket when I went to bed. I put my breeches under my pillow and went to bed
Q. Did you see the prisoner again that night before you were called up - A. No, not after I went to bed, until I was called up; I was called up by Mr. Donn, near eleven o'clock; I saw the prisoner some time afterwards at the watchhouse. When Mr. Donn called me I looked for my breeches; on my examining them my pocket book and notes were gone.
Q. How soon after did you see your pocket book any where - A. In about half an hour after that I saw my pocket book at Mr. Donn's; it had got all the notes in it. Mr. Donn has that pocket book now.
Q. From whom had you received that five pound note - A. From Mr. Cole in Smithfield. I can swear that I took it there, and I have no doubt it is my pocket book.
MR. DONN. I am a butcher; I live in St. John-street.
Q. Do you know the prosecutor, Mr. Buswell - A. Yes; I had been in company with him about two or three hours before it happened.
Q. Did you on that night, on any occasion, see Mr. Buswell's pocket book - A I did; I saw his pocket book at the Half Moon. On that night the prisoner came to my house near nine o'clock, as I was shutting up my house, he came for some mutton chops; he had with him a pocket book, and a great deal of money in it; he was very tipsey; he paid for the mutton chops in silver; he asked me for something to drink, I told him he was not in a place to have any thing to drink. I I saw some companions with him, I did not think them of good character, I asked him in, and said I would send for some porter; he came in with me; I gave the mutton chops to the people that were with him, and told them to get them dressed, I would send him bye and bye. When he was in the parlour he took out the pocket book again, and began to pull out the notes; he asked whether one of the notes (a thirty pound note) was not a ten, which gave me suspicion; at last he gave me that bit of paper with Mr. Buswell's address on it. Then I questioned him about Mr. Buswell, and seeing that paper, and he having so much money, and hardly knowing what it was, it struck me that it was Mr. Buswell's. I slipped out and told our folks to see that he did not go out, and went to the Half Moon and spoke to Mr. Buswell, and when I came back, I said, young man, give me that pocket book, I know whose it is; he gave it me with the notes and every thing in it, just as it is. I saw Mr. Buswell's name in the pocket book: I sent for a constable, he was taken in custody.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported or Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
