





337. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, seventy-four yards of cloth, value 6 l. and a wrapper, value1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am employed at the Bull and Mouth Inn
, by Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            . On the 9th of February, I had a truss put into my cart in a wrapper, I was to deliver it to R. S. Bousfield, No. 8, in the Borough, Southwark. I got as far as No. 7, in Friday-street


, I had got a parcel to deliver; I took a parcel off the near side of the waggon, which I had to deliver at No. 7. The prisoner approached the waggon on the off side; I am sure the prisoner is the person; a person going by seeing me with a heavy load on my back, said is that your fellow servant on the off side of the waggon, he spoke softly; I immediately said no; I threw my load off my back at the door of No. 7; I saw the prisoner taking the truss off the waggon; I immediately pursued him. It is a truss of blue and white woollen cloth for aprons. I followed the prisoner, and never lost sight of him until he got into Gutter-lane; I stopped the prisoner. This is the truss.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Bull and Mouth Inn. On the morning of the 9th, this parcel was delivered to Lewis for the purpose of being carried to Mr. Brunsfield.
Q. On the prisoner's way to Newgate, had you any conversation with him - A. Yes; I neither threatened him or promissed him any thing; he met a man that looked like a smith. I asked him if he was a smith; he said, he had been. I told him it would have been better for him to have been working at his trade than doing what he had done; he said, he did not know, it hurt his hands; he should have only seven pennyworth; I understood seven years transportation.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
