





1404. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, one watch, value 2l., and one key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bernard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BERNARD
               



            . I am a sadler
. On the 9th of July, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming up Saffron-hill


; four or five young men came round me and shoved me about - I thought they meant to quarrel with me-the prisoner was one of them. I went on, and turned down Peter-street - a person called after me; I took no notice, he called again. I felt, and missed my watch - I ran back, and found 
               
                  David 
                  Davis
               



             at the bottom of the bill; I asked him which way they went? he told me; I ran after them, and saw the prisoner running in the middle of the road towards Field-lane. I called out, "Stop him!"-he went on the pavement, and walked as far as Field-lane. 
               
                  David 
                  Davis
               



             asked me what I had lost; I told him my watch. He said he would shew me where they were gone to. He took me to a public-house in Field-lane - I found the prisoner there. I asked several others who were there to return my watch; they said they had not got it - I gave the prisoner in charge; I am certain he is one of them. After we took him to the watch-house, the watch was brought by one of the others to induce me to let him go. After he was taken into custody, he told Blackburn that if we would let him go he would fetch the watch. He went into the tap-room and said, "Jack, return the watch" - He did not.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a milkman. I was on Saffron-hill between four and five o'clock, and saw the prosecutor turn from a print-shop. I saw five young men come by; they ran against him, and took the watch out of his pocket. He went on - I called after him, he came back. I told him they were gone down the hill, I went on with my milk. When I returned, in Bleeding-heart-yard, I saw them taking the prisoner, and told them I did not think he was one of them. I do not mean to say that he was not one of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am a constable. Having heard of the robbery, I followed the prosecutor down to the Thatched House, in Field-lane. He gave the prisoner into my custody, saying he was one of those who robbed him. The prisoner said, "Liberate me, and I'll get you the watch!"-no person produced it. I found nothing on him; he declared that he had not got it.
JOHN BARNLEY. I am an officer. I assisted in taking the prisoner to the watch-house. As we went to the public-house I met 
               
                  David 
                  Davis
               



            ; he said a person gave him the watch to return to the man - He said a person brought it to his house. He gave it to me.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I saw the prosecutor running down the hill; I went with him and shewed him the house. He said, if any person would give up the watch, he did not want to have any thing more to do with it. I said, "Give it up" - They began to hesitate. I told Blackburn theprisoner was one. While he was gone to the watch-house, the watch was sent to my house-when I came home I found it there, and gave it to Blackburn.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw it. I was at the house, and he gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
