







879. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     OSBORNE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     FURZE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , five 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant
. On the 25th of May, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, at Mr. Walker's, who keeps a hair-dresser's shop - the prisoner, Osborne. came in, and said she had known me for three years past; I said she knew nothing of me. She began crying, and I gave her a shilling to go and fetch something to drink. She began making a disturbance, and in order to keep peace in the house, I took her to a public-house close by, and called for a shillingsworth of gin and water; I changed a 1 l. note to pay for it. She then prevailed on me to go to a house kept by the prisoner, Furze - I paid 1 s. for a room. In about half an hour Furze came up stairs, knocked at the door, burst it open, and sat down in the room. Osborne thrust her hand into my breeches-pocket, took out five 1 l. notes, and gave them to Furze. Two other women came into the room directly. I went to Lambeth-street, and fetched an officer; we found the house empty. Next morning I found the prisoners in custody. I have never found the notes. I am certain they are the women.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILSON
               



            . I was constable of the night. On the 25th of May I found Osborne at the watch-house; she wanted to give Furze in charge for robbing her of four 1 l. notes - I afterwards went and took her.
OSBORNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
FURZE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
