





253. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     ROBERTS
                   alias 
DOYLE





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, a pair of sheets, value 6 s. a blanket, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Dennis
                           Mullen
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  MARGARET
                  MULLEN
               



            . I live in Pickeridge street St. Giles's


; the prisoner lodged in my house, he lodged with me one night, and paid me for that night then he was to stay for a week; he had a pair of sheets and a blanket with his bed, it is eleven weeks ago to night since he left me he took with him, a pair of sheets and a blanket.
Q. How do you know he took them - A I did not see him take them; I gave him the key and the candle to go to bed, there was not a soul in the room but him I have never found the blanket, and since I am sure the blankets and sheets were there when he went into the room.


                  GEORGE
                  SQUIBB
               



            . The prisoner was brought into the watchhouse charged with robbing her room. Mrs. Mullen came in the watchhouse. she said she had lodged the same man, and he had robbed her; I said to the prisoner, Doyle here is somebody wants you; Mrs. Mullen directly she saw the prisoner said that is the man that robbed me of a pair of sheets, and a blanket; the prisoner denied that is name was Doyle, he said it was Roberts.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the property nor did I lodged in these peoples house; I came up to London exporting to receive some prize money, I had not sufficient money to find myself in a lodging, For three nights past, I slept in a hay-stack. just by the New-cut.



               GUILTY
             aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder
