





329. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BARRENGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, the inside works of a dial, value 5 s. three bells, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John William 
                           Commerell
                        




                     
                  , esq.
 and five hundred pounds weight of lead, value 20 l. his property, affixed to his house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  DOWDELL
               



            . I am a labouring man, I live at Hanwell


; in the first week of February, I observed the prisoner with a person of the name of Carr; I saw them going along the road with something in a bag; it had the appearance of a roll of lead; I saw Barrenger frequently going backwards and forwards with something heavy; I saw Barrenger on Saturday morning as if coming from Mr. Commerell's house, about half past two; I saw him come back again, I watched him on the premises at half past two; I saw Barrenger go into Mr. Commerell's premises. I and several others got over the pales and searched for the prisoner; I found the prisoner in the privy; I took him by the collar and led him to a public house, and sent for Mr. Ross the constable. I found in the prisoner's pocket, part of a green blind; I sent to Mr. Commerell's house, I found another part of the green blind in the house where the bar window was broken; the two parts of the blind appeared to be one blind. Mr. Ross has got what I took from the house.


                  JOHN 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a constable of Hanwell, I received the prisoner in charge of Dowdell upon the charge of robbing Mr. Commerell's premises; I searched the prisoner, and gave him into the charge of Davis at the Spencer's Arms Hanwell; I sent with with Dowdell, the last witness to inspect Mr. Commerell's premises; the outer door towards the brew-house was broken open: the window had been broken open at the kitchen; I found a considerable quantity of lead had been taken from the house, and gone; the case of a kitchen dial was carried into the wine cellar, the inside works of the dial was gone; the curtain of the library door had been torn away. I matched the curtain, Dowdell found it in the prisoner's pocket, it matched exactly. I then went back to the Spencer's Arms, where I had left Barrenger in custody; when I came there, I found he was gone. On Sunday I went to Hayes from information; I apprehended Carr there, he is the accomplice, the next morning Carr made a compleat disclosure of the whole transaction. I told the magistrate; he made the same confession to the magistrate, in consequence of what I learned from Carr; I searched Mr. Commerell's pond; we pulled out of the pound five hundred pounds weight of lead; it was lead that covered Mr. Commerell's house, I fitted part of it, it corresponded exactly. In consequence of information I went to Mr. Merrill's, a clock and watch maker, at Brentford; there I found the works of a dial, I fitted the works to the caseon Mr. Commerell's premises, it fitted exactly; I am a watch and clock maker myself. I left it in the care of 
               Read
             the officer at Hatton Garden office.
MR. ROSS, This is the same dial, I marked it, the mark is on it now; I am sure it is the same; I apprehended Barrenger on Sunday fortnight, at a public-house, in Crown Court, St James's; I laid hold of him; I fastened him to my own arm, he endeavoured to make his escape, and jump out of the cart to drag me down; I took him towards Brentford.


                  THOMAS 
                  MERRILL
               



            , I am a watch and clock maker, at Brentford, on the 2d of January, the prisoner came to my shop and brought me the inside of a brass dial; I asked him where the remainder was, he said the weights were in the case, he said the hands were broken, and the case and pendulum was lost; he told me his name was Garney; this is the part of the dial that fits the case of Mr. Commerell's dial, I knew the case when I saw it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM
               



             COMMERELL, ESQ. Q. You have a house at Hanwell, in Middlesex - A. Yes, the house that my father lived in.
Q. Had you a dial in your kitchen - A. I had; I am perfectly well acquainted with the case; I never locked at the works so as to say that is my property.
Q. Do you find by inspection, that your house has undergone a considerable loss of lead - A. I have been there myself, I have seen that a considerable quantity of lead has been taken away; the lead has been taken away from the roof of the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARR
               



            . Q. Now, say nothing else but what is true - A. I have known the prisoner Barrenger about seven weeks before this happened; I saw him on the 3rd of January, at the Waggon and Horses at Hayes; I had a little conversation with him there, he told me he had been at Hanwell, he had taken the inside works of a clock, and some lead, and some bells; the inside works of the clock he had sold to a clock-maker at the market place at Brentford; the bells he had sold to Mrs. Muckelow at Brentford. He asked me if I would go with him. The next morning we both went from Hayes to Hanwell, and took some more lead at Mr. Commerell's house; Barrenger said he had left the door open; he went in; then he shewed me a hole in the window, that he had broken to open the shutters to get in and unfastened the door; he shewed me a piece of lead on the stairs, about half an hundred weight; Barrenger took the lead up, and put it in this green stuff bag. He told me there was a copper down stairs, which he had removed from one room to another. He said he would take the lead if I would take the copper; I took the copper, and sold it to Mrs. Muckelow at Brentford; she gave me sixpence a pound, it came to twelve shillings; I took the copper in a sack. Barenger sold the lead at Mrs. Muckelow's; I do not know what he received for the lead. Mrs. Muckelow keeps a shop, buys old iron and rags. We went back again to Mr. Commerell's house; the next day we took three trips to the house, and took lead each time. We left a large quantity of lead in the pond, it was taken from the roof of the house, and some from the pump. I have told all I know, and no more than the truth.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at the clock case - A. It has been taken out of my house; it is mutilated now to the best of knowledge; I positively swear it is my clock case.
Mr. Knapp. Q. to Dowdell. You told me you saw Barrenger and Carr together - A. I did, I saw them coming from Brentford, and going back again; I am a labourer; I live in the neighbourhood.
Mr. Ross. I produce three bells; I found them on Mrs. Muckelow's premises. I fitted the bells to Mr. Commerell's premises; they fitted exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I have never been with Carr since he and I worked together at Mr. Faggs at Bellfont; I happened to meet him as I was looking after work; I was never with him in the premises in my life; we have never been in a house together.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
