






1399. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WEARING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, four combs, value 2 s.; six brushes, value 3 s.; one shoe-horn, value 6 d.; one drinking-horn, value 6 d., and one Tunbridge-ware box, value 1 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cowdry
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWDRY
               



            . I am a brush manufacturer and warehouseman
, and live in the Strand


; the prisoner, Wearing, was our errand-boy and servant
; he had been about six months with us - I do not know Brown. Johannah Lawrence was our servant; she had been about five weeks with us - I was absent at Godstone, where I have a house; I returned home on the 16th of September. On the 18th, in consequence of what West, my clerk, told me, I made enquiry, and searched Wearing's box, who slept at my house. I asked him to let me see his box, and he opened it for me, in which I found a hair and a toothbrush, also a large key - the brushes had been used a little. My firm opinion is that they are mine, from a particular mark. He acknowledged they were mine, and said he intended to return them to the place, from where he took them.


                  JOHN 
                  WEST
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Cowdry, and was with him when he found the brushes in Wearing's box; there is a stamped mark on the hair-brush, by which I know it to be his. He found the key, and took the brushes out of the drawer - I never saw Brown at the house.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. The stamp on it denotes that it was made by the prosecutor - A. Yes. I could not say that it had not been sold, if he had not said that he took it.
SARAH BONNER. I live at No. 35, Crown-street, Soho. Brown lodged at my house for six or seven weeks until he was apprehended; he kept bad hours, and said the reason was that he was employed at Vauxhall-gardens; he had a trunk. He asked me once for the key of my street-door, which I lent to him, but never got it again.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a key, which I found on Brown at the watch-house, also a trunk that I found at the last witness's house, in the two pair back-room.


                  SARAH 
                  BONNER
               



             re-examined. It is the key of my house - he slept in the two pair back-room. He slept out sometimes.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             re-examined. On the 21st of September Mr. Cowdry brought Brown to Covent-garden watch-house. I found the box in his room, which I opened with a key, and found seven brushes, a drinking-horn, a shoe-horn, three combs, and a little box. One of the combs has been used.
Cross-examined. Q. You searched the house of Wearing's mother - A. Yes, but found nothing.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Brown's Defence. The young woman, Lawrence, came to my lodgings, and brought her mistress's clothes to dress in, to go with me to the Theatre. She also brought a bundle, and while I was in the yard, cleaning my boots, these things were put into my box, which was locked, and the key taken away.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WEARING - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
