





716. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     DAID
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of August
, three gowns, value 1 l. four petticoats, value 10 s. a hat, value 10 s. two shawls, value 2 s. 4 d. a handkerchief, value 1 s. three frocks, value 1 s. three habit shirts, value 1 s. five yards of lace, value 10 d. two pair of stockings, value 10 d. and an umbrella, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Barrett
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Timothy Breslar
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am the wife of Jeremiah Barrett; I lodge in the house of 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Breslar
               



            . I lost the property out of his house. The prisoner was a lodger in the house.
Q. Do you know any thing of your own knowledge of the prisoner taking the property - A. Yes, I detected her with it at her lodgings, The prisoner came in, and sent me out after a letter from my husband; who is at the East Indies. I was to go to Pimlico for the letter. I went to Pimlico for the letter, where she sent me. I found no letter there; I returned back home. I found my things gone. I detected the prisoner with my clothes upon her, and the rest in my lodgings.
Prisoner. Q. to Prosecutrix. Did not you put the clothes in my trunk yourself - A. No, I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . The prosecutrix brought the prisoner to me, and part of the property. The prisoner had on an apron, which I took off, which Mrs. Barrett swore to be her property; and this petticoat I found at the pawnbroker's pawned in her name.
Prosecutrix. The petticoat is my mother's. The rest of the property is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I gave six shillings for the petticoat and gown to this woman.


                  John 
                  Barnley
               



            . The prisoner said, they had lent her the things; she did not say, she gave any money for them.
MRS. BRESLAR. Q. Did you sell the clothes to her - A. No; they are my daughters clothes.
GUILTY, aged 21,
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
