





22. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of August
, a piece of drab kerseymere, value 20 l. and one other piece of drab kerseymere, value 25 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Goodwin
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Becket
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a warehouseman
 living in Wood-street


.
Q. Have you a correspondent at Leeds of the name of Becket - A. Yes, he employs me to sell cloth for him, for which I have a commission, they are sold at the risque of Mr. Becket.
Q. Did the prisoner Morse in August last live in your service - A. Yes, as warehouseman and clerk
, his duty was to go round the town to get orders, or to sell any goods in the warehouse that customers came in to buy.
Q. Had any quantity of cloth, whether improperly sold or not been substracted from your shop - A. Not that I was aware of, unless such as are entered in the books.
Q. What is the credit of your trade - A. Six months credit, and a bill of two months.
Q. If an entry was made in your books on the 2nd of August could you at all entertain an opinion whether it was a good one until the goods became due - A. No. I suspected the prisoner, a bill not being paid, I requested to know the cause.
Q. Whose bill was that - A. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Philpot
               



            .
Q. Was your attention at all called to John Anderson White Horse-yard, August the 2nd - turn to the entry - A. Here is the entry in Morse's hand-writing, the entry is 
               
                  John 
                  Anderson
               



            , 557 kerseymere drab forty-five and a half yards, at ten shillings and six-pence; 1018 ditto forty-nine and a quarter ditto, the amount is forty-nine I enquired of Morse where Mr. Anderson lived, he said, White Horse-yard.
Q. Did you make any enquiries of Mr. Anderson - A. Yes, and Morse gave me a list of all the goods he had pawned, and upwards of a hundred duplicates.
Q. Did he give you any duplicates that he had entered to Anderson's debit - A. Yes, these are the two. I went to Mr. Morris pawnbroker in the Minories, and saw the drab kerseymeres, they are the property of myself and Mr. Becket; Mr. Becket has been with me, and seen the goods.


                  JOHN 
                  KILLINGWORTH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Morris, pawnbroker, in the Minories.
Q. Look at these duplicates - A. These duplicates are my making out, these are the two pieces of kerseymere they apply to, they were pawned with me on the 1st of September; I never saw the prisoner before I saw him at the Mansion House, I gave the person that pawned it these duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a woollen draper, I live in White Horse yard, Drury-lane, I know the prisoner Morse.
Q. Did you on the 2nd of August purchase of Mr. Goodwin two pieces of kerseymere - A. I never purchased any; I never was a customer to him, I never gave the prisoner any orders since he was with Mr. Goodwin; I did not give the prisoner orders on the 2nd of August, I never saw the goods till now.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentleman of the jury, the whole that I can say upon this subject is, that I was employed by Mr. Goodwin, as agent, to act according to the best of my skill and judgement; it was not done with any intention to defraud in the least; Mr. Goodwin in the first place might have prevented that; I was involved in difficulties when I first went there, and a person of the name of Philpot first involved me in it. The goods were in the first place bought, they were then pledged; he led me on from one thing to another, but not of the least advantage to me whatever. I have only further to observe I was never engaged to Mr. Becket, my agreement was with Mr. Goodwin to be agent and traveller to him.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
