






268. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FULLER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, two bushels of coals, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Taplin
               




            .
JOSEPH TAPLIN. I am a coal-merchant
, and live at West Drayton, the prisoners are boatmen

. I have a warehouse on the side of the Grand Junction Canal


. On the 10th of January I received information, went to my warehouse, found it broken open, and two bushels of coals taken away.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. There were twentyfour chaldrous in the place. There was a space that would contain two bushels.
JOHN KINGSTON. I am a boatboy, and so are the prisoners - They belong to Mr. Mags's boat, which was in the canal. I saw the prisoners go to the warehouse, and break a board down at the end, the coals then fell out. They put them into a bag, and carried them into the cabin of their boat. I am sure they are the men. Harris and Cox were with them. I was going to get my father's horse, and saw them do it.
Cross-examined. I was about ten yards off. Two took the coals, and two were watching. I had seen them before.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a boatman. I was dressing myself in the cabin-Turner was in the same boat with me. Fuller and Cox belong to another boat. Turner took the poker out of the cabin - I asked him what he was going to do with it? he made no answer. When I had dressed myself he brought in a small tub full of coals - I do not know where he got them from - I did not see them taken.
Q. Was you not near the warehouse - A. I did not see what they did with the poker. He brought a nose-bag full of coals in. I saw the board broken down at the corner of the warehouse.
Cross-examined. I was taken up for it. I was not watching. I did not see Kington there.



                  JOHN 
                  KINGSTON
               



             re-examined. Turner and Harris took the coals-Fuller and Cox were standing to see if any person came. They broke the board with a hammer.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
FULLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
