





335. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, one shawl, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pike
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pike
               



            , who is a linen-draper
, and lives in Ratcliff-highway


. On the 16th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in with a little girl about nine years old, and asked to look at some remnants. I was waiting on another customer, and saw her take the shawl off the counter, and give it to the little girl; the girl put it under her shawl. The prisoner sat on the stool, and the little girl was by her. In a few minutes she looked at the girl-the girl then went out. When she got to the door, I went round, brought her back, and took the shawl from under her arms, covered with her shawl. The prisoner said the child was her daughter. I sent for an officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  INGOFF
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pike. I was waiting on the prisoner - She had a little girl with her. I shewed the prisoner several remnants, all of which she said were too dear. I saw her take the shawl off the counter, put it under her cloak, and then set on a stool. I did not see her give it to the child. The child was brought back, and the shawl taken from her-the prisoner said it was her child. The shawl I was dropped just behind the child at the time.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw it. It fell down, and my child picked it up. I have ten children; the youngest is seven years old.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
