





161. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, three wrappers, value 1 l. 15 s. eighty yards of calico, value 3 l. and six boards, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bailey
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bailey
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am carman to George and 
               
                  William 
                  Bailey
               



            ; they are leather sellers, and dealers in velvet and cottons

, Nos. 48 and 49, Long-Acre. On the 17th of February about six in the evening, I was going with my cart to the Axe-Inn, Aldermanbury


, with several parcels; I stopped the cart about twenty yards from the gateway, and went to see if I could get up the gateway, and seeing a cart stand up the gateway, I returned back to my cart immediately, and before I could well turn myself round, I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran to my cart directly; the Prisoner Skinner and the patrol were just opposite, about five yards from my cart, and the patrol had got hold of him by the collar, and they had got this truss off the cart, which lay about five yards distance from the cart.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a patrol; about six o'clock on Saturday evening, I had been to the ward beadle, for the key of the watchhouse: going from there to the watch-house, I saw three men that I knew perfectly well to frequent the Ward; I saw them go up a court opposite the watchhouse; I unlocked the watchhouse door. I saw the carman stop his cart, then I pushed the watch-house door open, and run backwards and got the cutlass down, and coming to the door again, I saw three men nearly close to the cart; one of them was on the pavement, and the other two, the prisoner was one of them, pulled the truss of goods off the cart. I immediately threw the cutlass down in the watchhouse on a bench, ran out and seized the prisoner by the skirts of his coat, or the collar, I cannot be sure which now, and he dropped the goods. I immediately called out, a thief, a thief, in case the others should come and rescue him from me; by that time the carman came up; he was the next man that laid hold of him. The prisoner then pleaded that he did not know any thing of it, nor was he the man that dropped it when I catched hold of him; he had it in his arms, and would have got it on his shoulder, if I had left him a minute. I then sent for an officer, I never let him go until I took him to the officer's house, and searched him, which was near to the spot; I gave the goods into the possession of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Preston
               



            .
Prisoner. I can only say I was coming by; the patrol never saw me in any company.
Witness. There were two more in the gang with you, and if I had had any one with me, we might have taken the other men.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRESTON
               



            . I searched the prisoner, I found nothing on him, I have had the property ever since.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a coachman
, I did not leave my employment till past five o'clock. I had taken a bad seven shilling piece of a lady on the Saturday before; I had been to Cheapside to see the Battersea coachman; I asked him if the lady had came to town from Mr. Ridgeway's at Battersea; he said, he would enquire for me,from there I was going to Moorgate to get a pint of beer. I am innocent of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
