







956. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KEMLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gibbins
                        



                     
                  , about one in the night of the 13th of June

, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, ten yards of linen cloth, value 1l. 10s.; one tea-caddy, value 2l.; two umbrellas, value 1l. 10s.; two sheets, value 2s.; nineteen spoons, value 4l., and one shoe, value 2s., his property; and three pair of boots, value 4l.; one umbrella, value 10s., and one pair of gaiters, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     White
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the same day, one pair of boots, value 1s. 6d.; two sheets, value 2s.; ten yards oflinen cloth, value 1l. 10s., and one shoe, value 2s., part and parcel of the said goods, feloniously and burglariously stolen, feloniously did receive, knowing them to have been feloniously and burglariously stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GIBBONS
               



            . I live in Upper Thornhaugh-street, in the parish of St. Pancras



. On Saturday, the 14th of June, soon after three o'clock in the morning, I was disturbed by White (my son-in-law), who lives with me; I got up, went down, and found the back-kitchen window broken open, the square of glass was broken, and the sash pushed up-the inner shutter cut through, andthe bell taken away, so that a man could put his hand through the hole and take the bar out. Three pair of boots were taken from the front kitchen-the plate was taken out of the celleret drawer in the dining-room - I missed the articles stated in the indictment; my cellar-door was broken open, and also my bureau. The prisoner, Wheeler, lived in China Mews, which is at the back of my house, within about sixty yards of it; his place is opposite the back of No. 16, which is two doors from my house - He is a coach-broker and dealer in marine stores. I got a search-warrant about three o'clock the same afternoon, and went with Plank and Jefferies to his house. We found the seven yards of linen cloth stuffed in his mattress under his bed - A pair of the sheets were in the same mattress. We found my wife's shoe in an old chariot. Mr. White's boots were also found among some rubbish. I told Wheeler that we came to search for my things - He said he had nothing, and that we were welcome. When I got up between three and four o'clock in the morning, I saw Wheeler looking out of his place, but did not suspect him-it was known in the neighbourhood that we were robbed.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Wheeler deals in old things. The door of his place was open.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am Mr. Gibbons's son-in-law. The night before the robbery, about eleven o'clock, I saw the shutter closed and barred, and the bell put up. About three o'clock in the morning I heard the rattle sprung; I alarmed my father, went down, and found the things as he has described. I missed two umbrellas, a hat, and a pair of boots. I went into the garden, and saw footsteps which I traced quite to the wall, and the other side of the wall, I observed several persons looking over the wall of the next house, No. 15-the watchman gave the alarm. I went out, and I believe I saw Wheeler standing at his loft-door.


                  GEORGE 
                  BICK
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Smith, whose carriage is kept in China Mews. I sleep over the coach-house. On the 14th of June, about a quarter after three o'clock. I heard a dog barking - I went to the window, and looked into the Mews. I saw a man coming out of No. 15 in the Mews, which is also No. 15, Thornhaugh-street-my stable comes against No. 15, Thornhaugh-street-it is a wash-house. A person going in there could get out of the garden of No. 15, and over the wall to No. 14. He had three umbrellas under his arm, and ran across towards Wheeler's. I do not know that he went in - I could not see, as a carriage stood before the door. I dressed myself and came down, and ran to the washhouse, but could see no person-the door was open. I ran towards Wheeler's, and looked into the boots of the carriages which stood there, to see if any property was concealed there, but found none. Stooping by the door, I heard a talking in his stable, and called out, "Wheeler, are you up?" He answered, "Yes, Captain." His voice came from within the stable-the door was shut. He said a person knocked him up, and said he was broken down. I told him a man had run across from No. 15, with three umbrellas. He said he had just been to the gateway, and had seen no person; the gateway of the Mews fronts his stable; I went round but could see no person; and as I returned I saw Wheeler talking to the watchman.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. It was quite light-the prisoner, when he ran across, appeared as if he had the yellow jaundice.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Wheeler did not let me in - I did not ask him. I heard a talking in his stable.
MATTIHAS RALPH. I am the watchman of China Mews, Upper, Thornhaugh-street. As I was calling half-past three o'clock, I saw Wheeler looking over his half-batch; he said, "Watchman, there is a man come out of the doorway under the lamp (which is No.15), and is gone round the corner, and the coachman after him." I sprung my rattle and went round, but could see no person. I went to the wash-house door of No. 15, and found some broken bottles there, and some wine in them. I found the other door was on the latch, and went into the garden, and saw several footsteps which led over the walls of 16 and 14 - They went close up to the walls on each side. Wheeler had not got his coat on. There was no appearance of a carriage having broken down.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. My beat is in Thornhaugh-street. I did not go to look if a carriage had been broken done.
SAMUEL PLANK. I went with a warrant to search Wheeler's premises. I asked him if he had heard of Mr. Gibbons being robbed? he said he had. I asked him if any person could have concealed property there without his knowledge? he said that it could not be without his knowledge. I told him we came to search his premises - He said, "you are perfectly welcome, there is nothing here." We went up stairs, and between the sacking and his bed, in an old hair mattress, we found the piece of linen and two sheets stuffed into the mattress. At the further end of the stable, behind a great deal of lumber, in an old chaise seat we found a pair of boots. Mr. Gibbons gave me the shoe out of a coach-body - We also found an umbrella. I went to Wheeler, and asked him again if it was possible for any thing to be concealed without his knowledge? he said it could not. I shewed him the boots and shoe-he said he knew nothing about them, and could not tell how they came there. We then went up to, make a second search - He was present when we found the linen. On our going up the second time he appeared much agitated, and said "as you have found these things, it is of no use denying it. I will tell you the truth." He said, two men came to him on the morning between two and three, and called him up, saying there had been a coach broken down, and they wanted something to repair it-that they brought the things and asked him to take care of them, and they would call in the morning or afternoon for them, and he expected one of them almost immediately. We were then in the hay-loft. At that instant he said, "here is one of them coming up the loft-stairs." I saw Kemley coming up. The moment he saw me, he turned round, and endeavoured to run down - He knew me to be an officer; I secured him and pulled him up. I asked him what he came there for? he said for nothing. I left him with Jefferies, and asked Wheeler if he knew the other - He said he should. I asked him to go with me, and see if he was waiting about the house. He went to several places with me, and at last to the King's Head, in the New Road, we found Smith there-Wheeler pointed him out as the other man. I told him Icame to apprehend him for a felony. He had a drab great coat on, and a whip in his hand - He was behind the table; he saw Wheeler with me - He told me I should not take him. I caught hold of his whip - We struggled together for sometime; several in the tap-room encouraged him. He got his coat off - I asked Wheeler to assist me, which he did, and we secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I knew Wheeler before, and have reason to believe he knew me. I never had any conversation with him.
CHARLES JEFFERIES. I was with Plank, and heard the conversation with Wheeler. He said it was of no use to deny it, and he would tell us all about it, as it would be better for them to be hanged than him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. The Mews is a thoroughfare, and leads into the fields-Wheeler's house does not command a view of the fields.


                  GEORGE 
                  BICK
               



             re-examined. Q. You said you saw a tall man cross the Mews, which looked as if he had the yellow jaundice - A. Yes; I believe the prisoner, Smith, to be the man - I had seen him before.
Cross-examined. I did not say he was the man before, because I was not asked - I mean positively to say he is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
KEMLEY-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SMITH. - 

               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 33.
WHEELER. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
