






291. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLAKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, one pair of boots, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burton
                  




               
            .
JOHN BURTON. I live at Hackney


. On the 17th of December, between two and four o'clock in the afternoon, I lost the boots from my tool-house, adjoining my dwelling-house; my yard door was on the latch, and so was the tool-house door; I missed the boots after four o'clock. I went next day to inquire if any jack-ass boys had been seen about, and found that the prisoners had been our way, selling catsup. I went to town, and found the two prisoners at the Bull's Head, Kingsland's-road; they were taken into custody.


                  JAMES 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am a smith; I was at the Bull's Head, in Kingsland-road; about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner, Taylor, came into the house with a pair of boots, he asked me if I knew any body that would buy them; I told him I would go and see; I took them out of his hand, and went to Saunders's-gardens, which is close to the house, and offered them to Gadsden for 12s., he offered me 10s. for them; I went to Taylor, and he said I might let him have them - I did, and gave the money to Taylor, and he gave me a shilling for my trouble; he told me if Blake should come in, and ask what I sold them for, to say six shillings. In about a quarter of an hour Blake came in, and said, if he had been there at the time they should not have been sold for that money. I was quartered at the Bull's Head.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GADSDEN
               



            . I gave ten shillings for the boots. I gave them up to Armstrong.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LINTON
               



            . I am a labourer; I was passing Mr. Burton's house, about two o'clock, on the 17th of December, the prisoner, Blake, asked me if I would by any catsup; the two prisoners were together, and had bottles in their hands, they were about one hundred yards from Burton's; I saw no more of them. I am sure it was them.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On the 17th of December, Mr. Burton applied to me, I and my son, accompanied him to the Bull's Head, in Kingsland-road, and found Ingram and Baker sitting there together, we took them. I left Ingram in Burton's care, and took Taylor, who was there. I took Ingram to Gadsden's house, and he gave me the boots; we took the three to the office, and I heard both Taylor and Baker say, it was the first thing they had ever done, and that it was through distress.
JOSHUA ARMSTRONG. I was with my father, and took the prisoners; they said it was the first robbery they had ever committed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BLAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
