







257. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINTER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  POSSEY
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November, 1815
. forty-eight reams of paper, value 8l. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Winchester
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Winchester
                     



                  ; and one jacket, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Brazier
               



            .
WILLIAM BRAZIER. I am warehouse-man
 to Messrs. Winchester, who are wholesale stationers

; they have a warehouse in which the property in question was previous to its having been stolen. I locked the door of that warehouse, and left it perfectly secure at five o'clock in the evening of the 31st of October. In consequence of some information, I went again, between the hours of seven and eight, and found the door locked; but on entering, I missed fifty reams of foolscap paper. I do not know how they could have entered, except by a pick-lock key.


                  JAMES 
                  FARNES
               



            . I am warehouse-man to Mr.Minier, who has a warehouse in Villier-street, in the Strand, situated about twenty yards from the warehouse of Messrs. Winchester. I was in my employer's warehouse at about twenty minutes before six o'clock; I observed a harkney coach, No. 333. at the door of Messrs. Winchester's warehouse, the door of which was open, and some men were putting paper into the coach I saw Cooper; he drove the coach; I followed the coach; it drove at the back of the New Church, and at the top of Hollywell-street, I lost it. Cooper was taken the next morning.
Cross-examined by Mr. Andrews. I am sure he is the man. I saw him at the bar of Bow-street, and knew him.
CATHERINE KINGSMAN. I am the proprieter of the backney coach 333; I keep it at Upper Grosvenor-mews, Bedford-qu e. On the 31st of October, the prisoner, Cooper, was in my service, and drove that coach; he was out all day and all night
e 31st; I believe he came home at about a quarter after eight on the 1st of November, after having been out all night.

MICHAEL
             M'NALLY. I live in the Grove, Southwark. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 31st of October, Winter came to me, when I was at work in Mr. Thornton's yard; he asked me if I could take some goods in my cart the next morning, he said they would come down at about a quarter before six; but they did not come down until a quarter before seven; the coachman was George Cooper; 
               
                  John 
                  Possey
               



             was inside the coach, and Jack, the Baker, (John Turnwell, who was capitally convicted for a burglarly, at the December Sessions, 1815.) was behind. We all helped to bring the parcels out of the coach. In consequence of something that was said, I expected the cart to come at half past six the next morning. It accordingly did so. They brought about the same quantity of paper then that they brought the night before, and of the same appearance; I observed the words "first class" was written on the parcels: that paper was put into my room. I did not see either of the others until the Thursday morning; they called me out of Mr.Thornton's factory, and asked me if I could get a cart to carry this paper away to where they wanted it: in consequence of that, I hired a cart; the carman and I loaded the cart; Jack, the Baker, and Pussey, packed the paper up. I understood there were forty-eight reams. I heard Possey, and Jack, the Baker, talking about it; they told me that they would meet me at the 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Arms
               



            , Charlo -street, Rathbone-place. We went there, and met them; John Possey paid the carman ten shillings. Jack Winter, and I, and the others, were to meet again in the afternoon; but I was taken into custody upon this; I was locked up near where Cooper was, and I could hear a few words drop from him to the other three, who were locked up with him. Some of them asked him what he was pulled up for, and he said these goods; and said Jack Possey, and Jack, the Baker, were concerned, and he was taken up on suspicion. Jack Winter brought a newspaper to me, and read a statement that Cooper was apprehended upon this, and he said that Messrs. Winchester had offered a large reward, and he told me to keep my tongue quit, and all would be right.
HARELETT M'NALLY. Corroborated part of the account given by her husband.


                  EDWARD 
                  HATHAWAY
               



            . I am a carman. M'Nally hired my cart for me to carry some goods from his house to the 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Arms
               



            , Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place. The goods were packed up; there was about half a ton weight; I don't know what they were; but they looked like tea chests. Possey paid me ten shillings at the 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Arms
               



            . We took the goods into the Charlotte Arms.
WINTER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
COOPER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
POSSEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
