







108. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CAMFIELD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     SKILLING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 20 lbs. of soap, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph Mathers 
                  Murphy
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  MATHERS MURPHY
               



            . I am a soap-boiler
, and live in Great Wheeler-street, Westminster; the prisoners were my servants


; I suspected them, and on the 12th of November, got Bly, the officer, to assist me, we marked several pieces of soap, and watched them on the 13th, 14th, and 15th. On Monday, the 17th, I sent Skilling to Pimlico, and Nowland to Lambeth-Camfield remained at home. I told him I was going out, and to have an eye about the premises; I went to the hay-loft, which is over the stable, to watch him; in a short time I saw him take a scraper, and draw out one of the boards from my cutting room-he took a cake of soap, and put the board in its place again, and laid the soap on the hay-loft stairs, and covered it over with hay; he went into the factory, I came down, and put a farthing in the cake, to mark it-there was a mark in it before. He walked up and down the factory for a few minutes-Skilling came in and gave Camfield the money he had received; he then drew out the board again, and handed Skilling three cakes of soap, one by one, Skilling put one cake in his breeches, and the other two between his waistcoat and shirt, and asked Camfield if it made any appearance, he said it did not; he went away, returned in about five minutes, and took three more cakes out; before Skilling returned Camfield took a piece and put it into his own breeches-it was then nine o'clock. Nowland returned from Lambeth, Camfield told him there was a cake of soap laid for him on the stairs-Nowland took it, and put it in his breeches, and all three went to breakfast; I went to Gilmore, who was waiting with me, he stopped Nowland, and took the cake of soap out of his breeches. I gave him in charge. Gillmore brought Camfield in and took a cake out of his breeches. He then went for Skilling, and brought him back - We found no soap on, but made him shew his linen-it was stained with yellow soap.
Cross-examined by MR. MARSHAM. Nowland had worked twenty-eight years for me; Skilling nine years, and Camfield twelve years. I saw all that passed.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I found two cakes of soap in Nowland's breeches, and one in Camfield's - They were running away; I pursued Camfield for about twenty yards before I took him. I went to Skilling's lodgings, with Bly, and found him there, he had not got any, but his shirt was stained with soap. I saw him come out with something under his waistcoat. A farthing was found in the cake which Nowland had.
JAMS BLY. The prosecutor fetched me. I marked the soap.
NOWLAND'S Defence. I took it to wash my things.
CAMFIELD'S Defence. I thought it worth nothing.
SKILLING'S Defence. I never had any.
NOWLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.
CAMFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.
SKILLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
