





557. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dudman
                        



                     
                  , one pocketbook, value 1 s. 6 d., and one 1 l. bank note
            , his property.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the note to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Coventry
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DUDMAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
                  
                     John 
                     Coventry
                  




, who lives on Ludgate-hill. On the 19th of March, I stopped to look in Tegg's shop, at the corner of Honey-lane-market


, and heard the officer call out,
"Who has lost a book?" I immediately missed my pocket-book from my left-hand coat-pocket. I turned round, and saw the officer with it in one hand, and the prisoner in the other - several people were looking into the shop - the note was my master's.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and another in company at Johnston's print-shop, in Cheapside. They attempted several gentlemen's pockets, who were looking in at the window. They then walked to Tegg's, returned to Johnston's, and then to Tegg's again. I then saw the prisoner come out of the mob. I crossed over, and saw the pocket-book in his hand, trying to put it in his left-hand coat-pocket - he could not get it in. He then put it in the right pocket. I collared him, he tried to get it out. I took it from him, and asked who had lost it? Dudman claimed it. I found a very handsome snuffbox on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
