





374. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LAMPIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, twenty-nine pounds weight, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bullen
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BULLEN
               



            . The house that I had the lead on was mine, No. 8, Park-place, North Baker-street


.
Q. When did you see this house in a state of security, before any lead was taken from it - A. Last Monday, about ten o'clock, when I went to bed, it was all safe. I live in the house; the next morning, a little before eight, my servant came and told me that the pipe was gone from the cistern; I went and found from eight to ten feet of leaden pipe was gone, it was torn from off the front area. The watchhouse keeper brought the lead to match it with the cistern, it appeared to be torn off the cistern, it is worth two shillings.
- SEDDONS. I am a watchman. In the morning, a quarter before one, I was going up North Baker-street, I stopped the prisoner, he had got a bag upon his back; I asked him what he had got in it; he said, working tools. I laid hold of the bag, it was heavy. I told him it was no thoroughfare. I examined the bag, it contained lead; I took him and the lead to the watchhouse; he resisted when I laid hold of him, but when there were two he was quiet. I found the top of the prisoner's hat in the area, it fitted his hat.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



            . The prisoner and the lead were delivered to me at the watchhouse. I tried the lead to the place, it fitted exactly. The lead weights twenty-nine pound.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in the street, and when I turned the corner the watchman laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
