





631. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHOVEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a pocket-book, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Beal
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a painter
. I had my pocket picked at the corner of King-street


, about half past five in the afternoon, on the 9th of July. I was following Lord Wellington's carriage, and a person that was with me. I put my hand back, and found my pocket-book was gone. On seeing the prisoner go through the crowd I followed him; I put my hand to his coat, and felt the pocket-book through his coat, and while I was attempting to take it out the pocketbook fell to the ground. The officer took him into custody immediately. Several officers were on the spot.
WILLIAM BRADSHAW. I stood by the prosecutor some time; all in a moment, when we wanted to see Lord Wellington come to Guildhall, this gentleman lost his pocket-book. I immediately collared the prisoner. I saw the pocket-book between Mr. Beal and the prisoner.
JAMES TRURO. I was stationed at the corner of King-street to see that no other carriage come downKing-street than what belonged to the procession. I heard the cry of, a pocket-book. I saw the prisoner. I took him into custody. I said, where is the book. The prosecutor had it in his hand; he gave it me. I produce the book.
Prosecutor. It is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly was there on the day mentioned in the indictment. I was standing in the crowd the same as any other gentleman might; at the time a certain coach came by there was a great crowd came up; this book came upon my foot. I raised the book to my breast. I was accused of the theft. As to my taking the gentleman's pocket-book I deny. I certainly had got the book. I never took/ it from the gentleman's pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
