





993. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     EDINBURGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of October
, two jackets, value 4 s. two waistcoats, value 4 s. fourshirts, value 4 s. two pair of trowsers, value 4 s. two pair of drawers, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Allen
                        



                     
                  ; three shirts, value 3 s. a pair of trowsers, value 1 s. a jacket, value 4 s. and a bag, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ellis
                        



.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a seaman
 on board the Mansfield. The Mansfield lay at Hoare's wharf, on the Wapping side of the river


.
Q. Was the prisoner a seaman belonging to the Mansfield - A. No. I lost my things on board the Mansfield; they were in a bag on the forecastle; the bag was tied up; they were taken about half past one in the morning. I had seen them safe in the bag when I went to bed at nine o'clock at night. When I was called up my clothes were on deck. The prisoner was quite a stranger to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a seaman on board the Mansfield. On last Tuesday morning, between one and two o'clock, I stopped the prisoner, he had gone up the hatchway with the second bag; he had been in the forecastle; he had Ellis's clothes in a bag when I laid hold of him. Allen's clothes were upon the deck.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Thames police officer. The prisoner was brought to the office by the last witness and Captain Duncan. I examined the bags; one contained wearing apparel claimed by Allen, and the other bag by Ellis. I produce them.
Allen. These are my clothes.
Ellis. This bag contains my clothes.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I am master of the vessel. I heard the alarm about one o'clock. The prisoner had no right in my ship. He was seized with these clothes about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had them in my hands.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
