







950. 
               
                  MARY 
                  PERRY
               




            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MASCALL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  MARY 
                  WATSON
               



            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of September
, sixty yards of ribbon, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lack
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
GEORGE LACK. I am a haberdasher
. On the 20th of September, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners Mascall and Perry come into my shop; they came into my shop together to purchase come ribbon to trim a bonnet. My wife was in the shop serving; she is not here. They gave a great deal of trouble. They were shewn three drawers of ribbons; my wife served them; they purchased a bit of ribbon at threepence a yard; they paid for it. The prisoner Perry paid me for it; they left the shop; in about five minutes after they left the shop, 
               Johnson
             the officer came in. He produced four pieces of the ribbons. three of which I can swear to be mine, and the fourth piece, I missed a piece resembling it in make and shape; the fourth piece I was not so sure of as the three, it had no mark; the other three pieces had. They were worth twenty shillings, to the amount of sixty yards.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a city officer. On the 20th of last month, on my going up Holborn, I met the three prisoners. Suspecting their intention, I followed them from Holborn to 100, Holywell-lane, Shoreditch, to Mr. Lack's shop; they continued in company all the way. At Mr. Lack's shop, Perry and Mascall went in; the other waited outside; the one outside I took into custody before Perry and Mascall came out of the shop. I had a gentleman with me, his name is Musgrove. I desired him, when the two others came out of the shop, for him to take me, and I would take the other. I laid hold of them when they came out, with his assistance; Mascall had the umbrella. I saw by the appearance of the umbrella, I thought there was something in it that ought not to be. In the umbrella there was four pieces of ribbon at the bottom; here are the three pieces that are marked; these three pieces were shown to Mr. Lack, and claimed by him and his wife. Mascall said she had not taken any ribbon, she had purchased a bit. The three pieces were taken into Mr. Lack's and there they were claimed. These are the the three pieces of ribbon.
MR. LACK. My shop mark are upon the ribbons; they are mine.
Mascall's Defence. I and Perry went to the prosecutor's shop, and purchased a bit of ribbon. I laid the umbrella down; while I was being served, there were a great many people in the shop. How the pieces of ribbon came into the umbrella I know not.
Perry's Defence. The same.
PERRY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
MASCALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Transported for seven years
            .
WATSON, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
