






612. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  ATKINSON
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of April
, twenty-five yards of lace, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     James
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, Holborn bridge


. On the 25th of April I came home about seven o'clock in the evening; in consequence of information, an officer was sent for; I gave them in charge to the officer, the prisoners were searched in my presence, and some lace was found on Smith by the officer. I knew them to be mine, the card on which they were had my shop mark, I have no partner.


                  ANN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I was serving in Mr. James's shop on the 25th of April. I saw the two prisoners both come into the shop, they came in together a little after seven o'clock; I produced a box of lace Smith asked for the lace; the other was standing by the first box of lace that I shewed them; she said that was not the width. I removed that box, and shewed another, she then made choice of our card.
Q. Did Atkinson ask the price of the lace - A. No, Smith chose two yards and a half of lace at six shillings a yard. During the time I was measuring the two yards and a half, she removed two cards of lace from the box, she then returned one of the cards and that card she put on the counter; I communicated my suspicions to Mrs. James, she sent for a constable, Mrs. James came home before the constable came, a constable came; Mr. James then asked me what I had to say respecting the prisoners, I said I suspected she had a card of lace; she said they was very welcome to search her; she was searched and one card of lace was found in her pocket; I saw it taken from her; that card I saw taken from the box; she dropped another of the cards from her pocket; the lace that was found in her pocket was twenty two yards, at two shillings a yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I was sent for about ten minutes after seven by Mr. James, the servant came for me, I saw the two prisoners in the shop; during the time I was at the door, Mr. Jones came in; he desired me to stop, I stopped about ten minutes, Mr. James called me in, and gave me charge of both the prisoners. Mr. James picked up one card, he said, she had just dropped it, I searched Smith, and in her pocket, I found this card of lace, it has the shop mark on it. When I had secured the lace, she pretended to faint away, and threw herself on the ground, I shewed the lace to Mr. James, and he claimed it, I asked Atkinson whether she knew her; she said she did; she was sorry she came in with her, I have kept the lace ever since in the same state as I found it.
MR. JAMES. This lace is my property, it has my private mark upon it, both cards of lace are my property.
Smith's Defence. I called on Atkinson and asked her if she would go to Holborn with me to buy a bit of lace; we went to Mr. James's, and the person shewed me two boxes of lace, they were all very dear; a card of lace was found on my clothes, I leave it to the mercy of the court.
Atkinson's Defence. 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Smith
               



             requested me to go with her to buy some lace. I refused and said, I could not leave the place, she urged me strongly, saying, she should not stop; I went out with her, I did not see her take any thing, or do any thing.
The prisoner Smith called one witness, and the prisoner Atkinson called two witnesses, who gave them excellent characters.
SMITH 

               GUILTY
             aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ATKINSON 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
