





1029. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEARN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23rd of October
, eight ounces weight of pins, value 4 l. 8 s. and three thousand one hundred and fifty glass diamond drops, value 40 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Neale
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bailey
                  



               
            .
BENJAMIN NEALE. I am a glass-manufacturer, and seller

, in St. Paul's-church-yard


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bailey
               



            . I have no other partner. The prisoner had been in our service for a continuance for the last fourteen or fifteen years; his business was mounting lustres with the drops. He was entrusted with the care of the drops entirely.
Q. From some information that you had received, did you go to Stepney workhouse to see a girl of the name of 
               
                  Emma 
                  Grig
               



             - A. Yes; this day fortnight, the first time.
Q. Was it after or before that you went there, that the prisoner spoke to you respecting her - A. It was on the Thursday before. He said he was afraid of the reports that were circulated about the neighbourhood would come to Mr. Bailey, or to me, that he had been stealing drops; he said, the report had arisen from Mr. Grig's daughter. I asked him how such reports could have got in circulation; he said, through Grig's daughter; he said, after he had been so many years in our service we could not suppose him guilty of such an action. I then only asked him where the girl was; he said, she was in some workhouse, but he did not know where; he gave her a very bad character, because she had robbed her father; but he did not know to what workhouse she was sent.
Q. Did you know at that time at what workhouse she had been sent - A. No. I believe the next day I learned from some other information.
Q. How soon after this did the suicide of Mr. Grig occur - A. On the Monday after.
Q. Mr. Grig lived, I believe, in Creed-lane - A. Yes.
Q. Upon that taking place did the prisoner say any thing more to you respecting this subject - A. Yes. He said, now, things looked very black against him, but he was perfectly innocent.
Q. How soon after that did Mrs. Grig put into your hands any quantity of drops - A. The Monday after that, last Monday; she put a quantity of drops, and made the disclosure.
Q. Had you seen the daughter, Emma, before this transpired - A. On the Saturday before, I saw the daughter, and on the Monday I went.
Q. This day fortnight you saw her, and last Monday week you went to Mrs. Grig's - A. Yes; two days after I saw Emma.
Q. Did you see the drops that were delivered up to you at Mrs. Grig's house - A. Yes, about twenty-two gross, rather more.
Q. A gross of one hundred and forty-four to the gross; twenty-two gross, that would be more than three thousand - A. Above twenty-two gross.
Q. What is the value of them - A. About forty pounds.
Q. Was the lustre mounted when you saw them - A. Part of them was on the lustre, and part not; a part of them had not been mounted.
Q. Did this lustre form a lustre of this kind - A. Something of that form. This is the identical lustre; the lustre was entirely formed; there were a considerable number of drops that remained over and above to mount that lustre.
Q. What was the prisoner's wages - A. He had twenty-six shillings a week; exclusive of his Christmas-box; his Christmas-box was six or seven guineas.
Q. Upon your first receiving this information, did you resort to the prisoner's house - A. He was taken up last Monday; I then went to his house, No. 62, Union-street, in the Borough.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



            . Q. Did you receive the drops at Mrs. Grig's - A. I did; from the daughter, and Mrs. Grig.


                  EMMA 
                  GRIG
               



            . Q. Did your father and mother live in Creed-lane - A. Yes, they kept the whole house. My father was a glass-seeller.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, Mr. Hearn - A. Yes; he used to visit my father frequently; frequently three or four times a day; he had been in the habit of coming for twelve years past.
Q. Do you remember his bringing any parcel or basket there about three months ago - A. Yes, in the evening; he brought the basket, and took some brown paper parcels out of it. He put the brown paper parcels on the back counter.
Q. Had you any lodgers - A. No, not in our house. He came again the next morning; I saw him open the parcels; the parcels contained drops. I saw the prisoner put the pins in for mounting, and I saw the prisoner mount them on the back counter; he hung them round the lustre; they were all used to the lustre. The lustre was completely fitted up. They were all returned to Mr. Bailey; I did not see any left. The lustre was completely fitted up with these drops; there was quite enough for that.
Q. Now, after this, were you sent by your father and mother out of their house - A. Yes, to Stepney-green-workhouse by my father, and my head shaved.
Q. Did the prisoner know where you were sent to - A. Yes, because his wife was in the shop at the time I went.
Q. You had done something naughty some time ago - A. Yes; I had taken a forty pound bank note out of my father's pocket-book; it happened to be upon the hearth; that was a twelve month ago. I was sent to the workhouse on the 3rd of September.
Q. Before your father sent you to the workhouse had you talked in the neighbourhood of the visits of the prisoner to your father - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GRIG
               



            . I am the widow of Mr. Grig who lived in Creed-lane.
Q. A few days ago we understand you deliveredto Mr. Bailey, a number of drops mounted on a lustre, and a number besides - A. Yes.
Q. Who brought the drops to your house - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Hearn
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hearn
               



             mounted them on the lustre; my husband did not understand mounting of lustres. The prisoner mounted the lustres The prisoner came to our house often three or four times a day. I knew he was in the employ of Neale and Bailey, and that he brought the drops from Neale and Bailey. I have asked him if he was not afraid he would be found out. I asked him because my husband took them of him. He said, no; he was not afraid of taking them. He took a great many drops away from us the week before last, before my husband died. I knew there were reports in the neighbourhood about this transaction; I suspected my daughter telling; my daughter said that she had told the neighbours. I had talked to Hearn about these reports.
Q. Your husband committed suicide; you delivered up the drops in question to Mr. Bailey last Monday, we understand - A. Yes; the drops that were mounted on the lustre, and the drops that were not.
COURT. Had you any suspicion that your husband had given away any of his effects to the prisoner - A. My husband told me he had, and my husband told me there was no will.
Mr. Gurney. You may not have seen the paper; has not the prisoner intimated that your husband had made a will in his favour - A. My husband told me in the morning before he died, that he had left his property to Hearn, and Mrs. Hearn came the same morning, and demanded the keys. My husband died about eleven o'clock.
Q. When were the drops brought that the lustre was made of - A. About three months ago; he brought them about eleven o'clock in the day, in two or three brown paper parcels; they were brought before my daughter went to Stepney; besides them drops, he had been bringing drops for nine years.
Mr. Andrews. You knowing he had stolen drops for nine years, you never thought of complaining until you found 
               
                  John 
                  Hearn
               



             had got possession of your property - A. I did not like to hurt my husband.
Q. Now, Mrs. Grig, how soon after your husband died was it that you saw that paper; look at it, and tell me if it is your husband's writing - A. Yes, it is. I have seen it before. he was writing of this the Monday, before I got up; I knew the contents of it from him.
Q. Now, I ask you upon the oath you have taken, whether it was not after you and Emma had been told the contents of this paper, that for the first time the news was raised abroad of this transaction of Hearn with your husband - A. The girl told the people at the workhouse that she would open the secret.
Q. Did not Emma know by this paper, that your husband had cut her off with a shilling - A. Yes, she did, and my husband told me that he must lose his life, because 
               
                  John 
                  Hearn
               



             had stolen the drops from Messrs. Neale and Bailey; he could bear it no longer. My husband came down to me, and said, Betty, hear this, shut the door, because the runners will be here after me, and I heard it read; Mr. Blinkow came the same day that my husband destroyed himself Mr. Blinkow came to claim the property for Hearn.
Q. And you told 
               
                  John 
                  Hearn
               



            , if he did not give up his claim you would be the cause of his death - A. Yes. Before my husband destroyed himself, he wrote this paper.
(The paper read.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PRINCEP
               



            . I live at 102, Norton-street, Portland-place.
Q. Did you know Mr. and Mrs. Grig - A. Yes. I have seen the prisoner at their house very frequently.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BOUCHER
               



            . I live in Creed-lane, next door to Mrs. Grig.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, Hearn - A. Yes. I have seen him at Grig's house two or three times a day.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am a watch-maker in Creed-lane, opposite of Grig's house. I know the prisoner, Hearn; I have seen him frequently at Grig's house three or four times a day, for this half year.


                  HENRY 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I am the ward-beadle. I produce the drops; Mr. Bailey delivered them to me in this court.
Mr. Bailey. I received the drops of Mrs. Grig; they have they been in my custody until I delivered them to Kerridge.
Mr. Gurney. Q. to Kerridge. After the prisoner was taken was he in your custody - A. He was; I and another officer took him to Newgate. In our way to Newgate, I told the prisoner, I was sorry to see him in that situation; I had known him many years. He told me, he hoped his master would have more mercy upon him than he had upon his property.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . I heard what the prisoner said to Kerridge; he said he hoped his master would have more mercy on him than he had on his master's property.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Neale and Bailey; I am a drop moulder and cutter.
Q. Look at these drops, and tell me whether you know any of them - A. Here is one, I know the manufactory of it, by the mould and cutting; this is the mould in which the drops are cast; the cutting is also my own. I have examined the drops carefully before, I can speak to thirty or forty; there was never more than one gross moulded out of it. These are cut by me; I speak to my own cutting as well as the mould. I can speak with more certainty to the cutting than of the mould.


                  ISAAC 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Neale and Bailey. I am a moulder and cutter. I know some of these drops; I picked out twenty-one at the Hall, they are my cutting. I believe them all to have been cut for Messrs. Neale and Bailey.
Mr. Bailey. I believe these drops to be my property, and my partner's. I never learned from the prisoner that he had disposed of them.
Mr. Neale. Q. Do you believe these drops to be the property of you and your partner - A. They are. I never authorized him to sell them; the drops disposed of to Stanton was a pale yellow; these are white.

The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called ten witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
