





938. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     SWINTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Larkin
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  LARKING
               



            . I am a widow. I live at No. 51, New North-street, Red Lion-square. I live upon what is allowed me by my friends. I left my watch with a jeweller to repair, about three months ago, before I went to Ireland. It is not more than five weeks ago; I went to my jeweller's to enquire for my watch, and did not find it.
Q. What is your jeweller's name - A. A Mr. Salton in Coventry-street; he said he had given it to my servant. My servant told me 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Swinton
               



             took it from her; I have not received my watch since.


                  SARAH 
                  CHRISTIE
               



            . I am a servant to Mrs. Larkin. The jeweller brought the watch and left it with me for Mrs. Larkin.
Q. When was that - A. In the middle of July. I kept it near a week, and Captain 
               Swinton
             asked me for it, to send into the country; he said he wanted it to send into the country to my mistress. I have seen it since in Marlborough street, about a fortnight or three weeks ago.


                  EDWARD 
                  SALTON
               



            . I am a jeweller. I live in Coventry street. On the 15th of July Mrs. Larkin left a watch with me to repair as early as possible; as soon as the watch was done, I sent it with my servant; my young man went with the watch; he was to get my watch back again. He returned and said he was answered, she was out of town. I called myself with it a third time, and as I had no suspicion with me at that time, I left the watch with the servant. I had been once before, and was answered she was out of town. I never saw the watch after I left it, until I saw it at Marlborough street office.


                  JOHN 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. I had this watch delivered to me at Marlborough-street office; it was produced by a man, I believe, of the name of Davison,in the presence of the prisoner. The prisoner the minute before said he did not know where the watch was. Davison said he had it of the prisoner. This is the watch.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at that watch; is it your's - A. It is.
Prisoner's Defence. I forwarded the watch to Mrs. Larking; she never applied either directly or indirectly for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . In the month of August I was a servant of the prisoner at Salisbury-square. The prisoner then resided in Somerset-street; I was not with him in Somerset-street until the 9th of 
               August. 
            He gave me a watch, and directed me to pack it up, and to send it to Bristol; he wrote the directions himself; it was directed to Mrs. Larkin, at Clifton, near Bristol. If Mrs. Larkin was gone, it was to be returned. I took it to the mail guard, at the Swan with two Necks. Lad lane, and delivered it to the guard. I did not take it to the coach-office. Captain 
               Swinton
             desired me to take it to the mail guard on the beginning of 
               August. Afterwards
             I was his servant in Somerset-street; I wrapped the watch in brown paper, and delivered it to the mail guard.
COURT. Can you give any reason why you did not enter it - A. Because I was not desired to enter it.
Q. You know you were porter and porter and warehouseman. I should have thought if I employed a porter he would know how to pack up things, and that he would not send a parcel by the guard, he would have taken it to the coach office.
Q. What is your name - 
               A. George Fletcher
            ; they call me 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



            ; I was taken up with Mr. Swinton at Marlborough-street office. I went by the name of Smith; my real name is Fletcher.
JOHN BASTER. I live at 21, Southampton-street. Russell-square. I know the lady that calls herself Mrs. Larkin; she has lodged with me, and afterwards she visited me. She informed me that she had a house at the east end of the town; she went first by the name of Larkin. One morning she cried to me very much, and said she had left a good husband at Bengal; his name was Ford, and desired me always to call her Ford, and not Larkin, her husband Ford was now living in Bengal. She begged me to write a letter to reconcile her to her husband; I promised so to do for her. I asked her how she came by the name of Larkin? She said she lived with Mr. Larkin five months; that he took her away from her husband. She said that Mr. Larkin presided at the Marine Board at Bengal.
COURT. When was this? - A. About fifteen years ago she begged me to write to reconcile her to her husband.
Q. You wrote that letter for her, did you? - A. No, I made a copy of it for myself; I never shewed it her. Yesterday week she told me she would swear one hundred and fifty oaths, and swear black was white, and white was black, but she would transport Mr. Swinton; and if the judge and jury should acquit him, she would blow his brains out. It is true, I assure, you gentleman; and she has said, at other times to me, frequently, that she was sure Mr. Swinton had no intention to do her any harm, or of robbing her of any thing. I then asked her how she came to charge him with felony? She said she was advised to do it; she did not say by whom in particular. She said she had written for this watch in the country; she could not write herself; she employed a lady to write to him to send her this watch.
COURT. What business are you - A. I am in the coal trade; I do as other coal merchants do; I draw from the wharf. My office is at my own house.
Q. You have no wharf, no carts, or horses, nor any accompting-house - A. I keep no clerk whatever, nor any carts or horses; I am my own clerk.
Q. She said she had been married at Bengal to Mr. Ford, did it not strike you as very odd - A. I thought her a very odd character.
Q. She told you, she would swear one hundred and fifty oaths, that black was white, and white was black, to either hang or transport Swinton, and if the Judge or Jury should acquit him, she would take the first opportunity to blow his brains out - A. Yes.
Q. But at other times she said to you, that Swinton never meaned to do her any harm, or to rob her, did not you say how can you swear black is white, and white is black, to hang or transport him; did you never make that observation - A. I might.
Q. You might, or you might not. Perhaps you advised her to go to Newgate to see Swinton - A. I deny that ever I gave her any advice of any kind.
Q. Did you never give her instructions about the indictment - A. Nothing more than from her solicitation. I did it out of common charity. She had no person to go with her; I went with her.
Q. You the friend of Swinton to go with her to give the instructions about the indictment - A. I do not know that I am the friend of Swinton.
Q. You can say whether you are or not. How came you to go with Mrs. Larkin to give the instructions about the indictment? what date did you give in - A. The date she gave; I don't know what particular date.
Q. How came Swinton to get you - A. I was subpoened; the subpoena was served me in the street; I had been to Clerkenwell.
Q. Swinton knew you had been to proser the bill.
Q. Did you never tell the attorney you would give him some money if he would get the bill throwed out - A. No.
COURT. Q. to Mrs. Larhin. Can you write - A. I can, but not so good a hand as I could wish.
Q. Who was the person that pursuaded you to go to Newgate to see Swinton - A. Mr. Baster; he told me not to take my other two witnesses there, Mr. Salton, the jeweller, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Christie
               



            .
Q. Did you ever desire him to write a conciliatory letter to Mr. Ford - A. No, in the presence of God I never did.
Q. Did you ever tell Baster that you would swear black was white, and white was black - A. No, I never did.
Q. If the Judge and Jury should acquit him youwould shoot him - A. I never said that; I do not know how to use a pistol; I could never have said that; that never was uttered by me.
COURT. Q. to Mr. Shelton. Do you know Baster - A. I have known him for several years.
Q. Is he a man to be believed - A. By no means; he is not a man to be believed upon his oath.
GUILTY, aged 45,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
