





722. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HARRISON 
                     CRAIG
                  , alias 
KENYON





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of July
, a sheet, value 10 s. a knife and fork, value 2 s. a pair of sugar-tongs, value 5 s. and two tea spoons, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  BALL
               



            . I live at No. 2, Church-court, Kensington


, I let ready-furnished lodgings. On the 22d of July, the prisoner came to my house between twelve and one; I let him one room on the second floor, he was to give me half a guinea a week; he said it was the price he always gave; he was a tea-merchant in the city. He came in the same evening, before I could send for his character. He referred to a gentleman in Moorfields; my daughter went to the gentleman, he said, he did not know him. He went up with a parcel on the Sunday and took the key with him; he was not to come to sleep till the Monday evening; he then came and slept there. On Tuesday I missed the things, my sheet, towel, spoons, and tea-tongs were gone.
Q. Where did you find these things - A. He sent me a letter.
Q. Do you know his hand writing - A. I never saw him write.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am an officer. I produce two sheets.
Prosecutrix. They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence. Gentlemen of the jury, It is my humble hope and trust, knowing that I am come before a jury of my countrymen, to offer these few observations; although they may appear foreign to the charge, yet they are inseperably connected with the groundwork of my conduct. Gentlemen, I am unfortunately deserted and persecuted, and the persons I mean to ailude to are the appointed guardians to my wife and family. In their views they are fulfilling the voice of a dying parent, in persecuting the children. My brother was sent on board a ship at the Nore. I am the husband of the eldest child. I have been insulted by them in the grossest manner, and by them treated with indignation; our quarterly salary was diminished; not having it in my power to have redress from the law, I threatened them with manual punishment. I was plunged into a prison fourteen weeks by their power. I began to think I was to be sent after my unfortunate brother, and the only thing left for me to do, they told me, was by signing a certain deed to our disadvantage. I refused to do it, and at the same time I got bail; I absconded, and was a prey to the greatest distress. This was my fatal epoch; I was unable to appear in public, I was friendless and deserted; my infant son and dying wife made me do acts of the greatest dishonour; nothing but the most imperious necessity prompted me to act as I have done. I have a letter from the honourable Mr. Wilbeiforce, Member of Parliament, I beg leave to forward it to your Lordship, that you may be satisfied.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
