






931. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOORE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May

, 43lbs. of wool, value 2l.; two pieces of hempen cloth, value 1s., and one other piece of cloth, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Martin
               



             and 
               
                  George Thomas 
                  Martin
               



            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BROTHERS
               



             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, well-knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .
THOMAS TURNPENNY. I am an officer. On the 15th of May, I had directions to watch in Coleman-street



, with Smith; I saw the prisoner, Moore, come from his master's premises, about eight o'clock in the morning, with two bags and a book in his hand, he went into the house of the prisoner, Brothers, in White-rose-court, about one hundred yards from his master's house; he remained there two or three minutes, and came out without anything. I collared him, and took him into the house, I asked him where the two bags were that he brought into the house? Brothers was present. Moore said, what bags? I have brought no bags in here; I then asked Brothers, and he said he knew nothing about any bags being brought in. I found several rolls of paper, and one bag of fine wool, in the shop; I asked him again where the bags were that he had brought in? they both answered, that there were no such things brought in there - I found them on the landing of the first-floor, and knew them to be the same. Brothers said he slept at the top of the house - I went there, and found a roll of cloth, the bags had wool in them. I took them both into custody. Moore asked one of us to go with him to his masters' warehouse, for fear it should be robbed, as he had left it open.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. They did not see me; I took notice of the bags as he carried them.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Brothers's house is under repair-the workmen were all over the house; he was in the shop. If Brothers had been in the parlour he must have seen Moore go in with the wool.
SMITH. I am an officer, and was with Turnpenny. I saw Moore come out with the bags of wool on his shoulder. They both said they knew nothing about it. I went back with him to his master's house, by his desire, and found the candle burning; he offered me 1l. to let him see his master.
WILLIAM WELCH. I lodged with Brothers. The wool was not brought to me.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. The door is kept open.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RICHARD BROWN (witness for Brothers). I am a milkman. I was at Brothers's house at the time the officers were at his door; I had been in the place ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before they came; Brothers was sitting down behind the counter, and had no intercourse with anybody. Any person could go in or out without his knowing it. I did not see the man come in.
Cross-examined. I was serving him with milk; it is a small shop - They could not come into the shop without my seeing them.
MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROTHERS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
