





645 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of August
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moritz 
                           Bochardt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MORITZ 
                  BOCHARDT
               



            . I am a merchant
, I live at 18 Wilson Street, Finsbury Square. On the 17th of August, about seven in the evening, I was in Gracechurch Street


, and when I came to the corner of Leadenhall Street I was told that I was robbed, I turned round and saw the prisoner in custody of another man. The man desired me to follow him. We went to a house in Gracechurch Street, there he searched the prisoner, and my handkerchief was found upon him.
SAMUEL SHEPPARD. On the 17th of August I was in Gracechurch Street, I saw the prosecutor passing, and the prisoner in company with another was walking closely behind the prosecutor. I followed them about twenty or thirty yards. At the corner of Leadenhall Street I saw the prisoner draw this handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, I saw him tuck it into his bosom I ran and caught hold of him, I called to the prosecutor, and I took the handkerchief out of the prisoner's bosom. I asked the prosecutor if he had lost his handkerchief, he put his hand into his pocket, and said he had, I shewed him the handkerchief, he said it was his. This is the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. I believe it is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along Bishopgate Street, there were several people walking. This man accused me of taking the gentleman's handkerchief, I only pulled it out of my pocket to wipe my face with it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
