





210. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Yates
                        




                     
                  , in the king's highway, on the 23rd of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, chain, seals, and key, value 13l. his property.
            



                  JOHN 
                  YATES
               



            . I live at Whitehaven. A little after four o'clock, on the 23rd of January, as I was turning round the corner of Holles-street


, into Cadish-square, a man ran against my breast and begged my pardon; I was surprized at this thing, and he immediately went on my right side; I went on two or three steps and then looked down and put my hand and missed my watch. I turned round immediately, and said that man has stolen my watch; stop him, stop him; I supposed that the man who was going from me, was the man who ran against me; but I did not know; I saw him walking across Holden-street very deliberately; but I believe he afterwards went faster as I saw my watch afterwards; I could not come up with him.


                  JOHN 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . On the 23rd of January, I was coming across Cavendish-square, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and I met Mr. Yates coming towards me; he was much agitated, as if some body had been hustling him, or had run against him. I fancy I met him the moment after he had been run against. He advanced a few steps forward, and exclaimed, I have lost my watch; I asked him who took it; and he turned round and pointed to the prisoner, who was crossing Holles-street, and said, I think that is the man who has got it. The prisoner was then near the corner of Holles-street with two other men; I advanced towards them and they separated, and the prisoner went: across the street and then said what is the matter sir: what is the matter sir, and as I got near to him, I observed him give something to the other man who was than standing on the pavement and I was perfectly satisfied it was the watch, though I did not actually see it. My attention was then called off the prisoner. and fixed upon the man who I supposed had the watch. The prisoner then slipped back behind me to the other side of Hollis-street. When this man observed my attention upon him, he immediately took the watch in a handkerchief, and threw it after the prisoner, saying, take it along with you, or words to that effect. I immediately picked up the watch, and pursued the prisoner at the bar, crying stop thief, and he was secured.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been a sea-faring-man
 seventeen years I was taken prisoner in 1805, and last year we were distributed throughout France. On my arrival in England, after my money was exhausted, I fell in company with two men who had been captured with us; they told me that our Captain resided in Cavendish-square, and I asked at several houses, but could not find him. I was just in that neighbourhood on the purpose I have mentioned, when I was apprehended. To prove I am the person I represent, here is my discharge my lord.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
