





396. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               feloniniously stealing on the 20th of January
, one shawl. value 3 s. and a glass tumbler, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holmes
                  




               
            .
MRS. HOLMES. My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Holmes
               



            . He and I live in Coal Yard, Drury Lane


. On the 20th of January last, my Couzen was coming from 22, Soho Square, the prisoner stopped him and asked him if the gentleman was in town, my Couzen said yes; the prisoner came home to my house with my Couzen, he saw the situation we were in; he said he would write a petition to a gentleman in Brunswick Square, for the gentleman to relieve me, as my husband had been ill one and twenty months, for the gentleman had given him a new suit of cleaths the day before and eight shillings; he made no doubt the gentleman would relieve me and my husband, he was a very humane gentleman; he then went out with my couzen, and returned at half past four, to write the petition, he said he could not write unless I gave him some gin; I told him I had not wherewith to do so. He said he could not write unless I did that. I fetched him in a glass of gin, and a sheet of paper, and as soon as I came into the room, I missed a tumbler off the press, I gave him the sheet of paper; he sat down and wrote it; he then wished me to go to this gentleman's house; he said, I should bring home some sheets and blankets, at No. 8, Brunswick-square; I refused going at that time in the evening, I was afraid he was no good, and my missing the tumbler I wished my husband to get up, that I might get the umbrella from him before I went out; I was afraid to say any thing to my husband, he being dangerously ill in bed. I got my husband up. The prisoner lifted his hand up, and took my shawl from off the line; my husband laid hold of him, and desired me to get a constable; my husband saw him do that; the prisoner twisted the shawl up, and put it in his pocket; I went down stairs, and fetched Mr. Broad up stairs; then the prisoner dropped the shawl close behind him; Mr. Broad took the tumbler out of his pocket.



                  ABRAHAM 
                  BROAD
               



            . I am a smith. On the 20th of January, I was standing next door to Mrs. Holmes's, and knowing her husband had been ill so many months, I went up stairs; I saw the husband asked have hold of this man; the prisoner begged I would not take him in custody. I saw the shawl behind him. 
               
                  William 
                  Holmes
               



             said, the prisoner had robbed him of a shawl and a timbler; I searched him, and the tumbler tumbled out of his pocket. The prisoner begged me not to hurt him, nor to take him to a cold prison, he had been transported before. I produce the tumbler and the shawl.
Prosecutrix. That is my tumbler, and my shawl.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
