





1235. 
               
                  JONATHAN 
                  WINCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 12th of September
, one sack, value 1s., two bushels of beans, value 10s. and two bushels of bran, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mellish
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SIBLEY
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Mellish
               



            , Esq.
 On Friday the 12th of September, at six o'clock, I locked up the binn, at which time there was a bushel and a half of bran and beans in it for the horses. The stable door was fast, but not locked. The prisoner was dismissed from Mr. Mellish's service about a year before. Next morning, between four and five o'clock, I found the binn had been broken open, and the beans, bran, a new rope, and a sack gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUFFLEY
               



            . I am beadle of Enfield. On the 13th of September, about three o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner with a sack, nearly full of beans and bran mixed. I said Halloo! He immediately threw the sack down and attempted to run away. I asked what was in it, he said he did not know. He said, "I hope you will let me go, and I will leave the country quite."


                  JOHN 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I was with Cuffley. He has spoken correctly. The prisoner said he found the sack.
(Sack sworn to.)
JOHN HEWISON. I am bailiff to Mr. Mellish. I have compared the beans with the bulk; they correspond. I saw the prisoner in the field the day before.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the sack in a ditch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
