





300. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March
, a bag, value 9 d. and one hundred pounds weight of raisins, value 1 l. 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Lawson 
                     Haddan
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William Smith 
                     Bond
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haddan
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH BOND
               



            . I am a grocer


; I live in Great Trinity-lane. My partner's names are 
               
                  John 
                  Lawton Haddan
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Haddan
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Smith, at the Three Cups, Aldersgate-street


. I saw the prisoner carrying a bag across the road, I told him it was not his own. It was about a quarter after eight in the morning, on Saturday the 16th of March.
Q. Did you see where he had taken it from - A. No. I saw him have the bag in his hands before him; I holloaed after him and told him the bag was not his own; he then dropped it. I ran across the road after he had dropped the bag, and took hold of his collar, and delivered him into the constable's care, bag and all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a carman. I went with two bags and half a chest to the Three Cups in Aldersgate-street, on the day this man was taken. I took them from Messrs. Haddans and Bond, No. 17, Trinity-lane, I could not go up the Three Cups gateway, there was a waggon shot out in the yard, I was obliged to stop and carry them up. I took up one bag on my back, I was gone about a minute; as soon as I came back for the other bag I missed it out of the cart. I went to the book-keeper, I said I had lost a bag out of the cart; he said, no, we have got the bag and the man too, and when I saw the bag it appeared to be the same bag. Both the bags were directed to one gentleman.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Haddon and Smith. I made the directions on the two bags. This is the bag, it is my mark.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a constable. I bring this bag from the Three Cups, Aldersgate-street; I received it from Mr. Smith, the master of the Inn; the prisoner was given into my charge at the same time.


                  ROGER 
                  MILTON
               



            . I am a smith. I saw a man take a bundle out of the cart, and cross over the street with it.
Q. Look at the prisoner, is that the man - A. His back was towards me. I saw him taken in custody afterwards, I believe that is the same man that took it out of the cart.
Q. Have you any doubt - A. I could not pretend to swear to the man. I saw a man take it out of the cart, and I saw the same man taken in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I depend upon your lordship's mercy, and the gentlemen of the jury. I am entirely innocent of the affair.
Q. to prosecutor. What did the bag contain - A. Raisins.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
