





526. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HORNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of May
, a pocketbook, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Seal
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAL
               



            . On the 26th of May, I was walking along the Poultry


, and when I went home I missed my pocket-book. I only know I lost my pocket-book.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a taylor. On this day week about twelve o'clock, I was at Mr. Peart's shop in the Poultry. I saw the prisoner pass the door of No. 13, in the Poultry, just as he passed the door he put his hand into the gentleman's pocket that passed. I immediately ran out, and seized him by the collar, with the pocket-book under his coat. I told the prisoner he had robbed the gentleman of his pocket-book; the pocket-book dropped on the pavement. I picked up the book, and secured him. I told him he should go before the Lord Mayor, before I should let him go. I dragged him towards the Mansion House. Two men came and said they were officers. I said I did not know; I should not let him go until I came before the Lord Mayor. I am sure the prisoner is the man that took the pocketbook. I never lost sight of him until I took him to the Mansion House.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Mr. Elliott collar the prisoner in the Poultry; I went to his assistance, and took the prisoner before the Lord Mayor. Mr. Elliott had this book in one hand, and the prisoner in the other; he gave me this book.
Prosecutor. That is my pocket-book; there are letters addressed to me in it.
Prisoner's Defence. In consequence of a male witness being out of the way, I have not the means of defending myself; I am not conscious myself, whether the book was in my possession or not; when the second witness caught me by the collar a multitude of people observed I had picket a gentleman's pocket; he said I should go with him before the Lord Mayor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
