





855. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FLOAT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Serjeant 
                        Gifford
                     




                   in the King's Highway, on the 8th of October
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 2 l. a watch chain value 2 s. and a gold seal, value 10 s.
             his property.
SERJEANT GIFFORD. I am an under clerk
 to Cox, Stevens, and Company. I lost my watch on the 8th of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was going home to my lodgings, I live in Mount Street, at the back of Whitechapel. I was walking gently down Mount Street


, a man came quick round the corner and ran against me with his right arm and whipped my watch out of my pocket with his left hand, it was done in a moment, he did not say a word, he took to his heels and ran away. I clapped my hand to my fob and missed my watch.
Q. You did not know the person of the man I suppose. - A. No. I followed him down the street, and called out stop thief, he ran to the end of the street, crossed Whitechapel and went into Baker's Row, there were several people followed him.
Q. Did you see him stopped. - A. No, he ran across through all the people, as they heard me say stop thief they followed him. The watch was advertised, I have not seen it since.
Q. You do not know the person that ran against you. - A. No.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I received information on the 9th of October. I took the prisoner on that day between eight and nine in the evening. I took him at thehim, in one of his waistcoat pockets, I found this watch. I asked him whose it was, he said it was his own, and that he had had it two years, in the other waistcoat pocket I found this gold seal, he said he had had it eighteen months, and that it was his property.
Prosecutor. That watch is mine, I have had it forty years, it is a metal watch and a metal chain to it, the seal has a motto on it,
"Forward without fear." It is the same watch that was in my pocket the 8th of October last.
Prisoner's Defence. On the morning following I found the watch as I was going to work at the India Warehouse.
GUILTY, aged 23,
of 


               stealing, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blance.
