





1230. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Curran
                        




                     
                  , one tobacco-pouch, value 2d.; 1s. 9d. in monies numbered, and fourteen 1l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  CURRAN
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Collwell-buildings. On the 26th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Broad-street, St. Giles's. I had fourteen 1l. notes in my pocket, which I was going to send to my father in Ireland. I enquired of another woman if she knew of a lodging? the prisoner came up, and said she would show me one. She took me to a house in Charles-street, Drury-lane


, to the front room on the ground floor - I was quite sober. I laid on the bed-nobody else was there; she was not to stay with me. I only pulled my coat and shoes off. She said she had other lodgers to come in, and sat down by me. I felt her hand in my pocket where my notes were. I seized her - She got from me; I missed my money, and called out Watch! several persons came in and went out before the watchman came. I told them the prisoner had robbed me. I had been five years saving up the money.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, I heard the call of Watch! and went to No. 45, Charles-street - one Wallis keeps the house. I found the prosecutor in the parlour; he said he had been robbed of fourteen 1l. notes by the prosecutor. I searched her, but found none on her. I found a tobacco-pouch, 1s. in silver, and 7d. in copper in her pocket. She said the pouch was her own. The landlord of the house was in the room.
(Pouch sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prisoner took me and another girl to a public-house to drink, and said he must go home with me, which he did - He behaved very rude to me. I called the watchman and he came. No other person was in the room.


                  JOHN 
                  CURRAN
               



            . I never drank with her, nor was any other person with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
