







74. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of August

, one hundred and thirty-nine dozen of patten ties, value 40 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brand
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  CROCKETT
               



             for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, she knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN BRAND. I live in Birmingham. I am a patten tie-maker
.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, Thompson - A. I never knew her until the morning of the 11th. On the 10th I left my warehouse completely locked up. I locked it myself about nine in the evening, and left it locked. On the morning I was alarmed by a young man coming to my house. I was informed that my warehouse was robbed. I went to the warehouse immediately. I found it broken open. I found the property stated in the indictment gone, and more. There were different goods gone, and a great many patten ties, finished and unfinished. There were about eighty pounds worth of gone. When I went to my warehouse I think the first person I saw was the prisoner, Thompson. She was at the warehouse door. She began a conversation with me; she said, how sorry she was such a circumstance occurred, and what a pity it was honest people could not sleep in their beds. She was a total stranger to me. I went to the police office, and gave information, and a week afterwards I heard that she had gone to London. I wrote to a Mr. Davis, and as soon as I received his letter I came to London. I went to Mr. Davis, and from there to Mr. Felix, a patten-maker, Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. Mr. Felix was in possession of a considerable quantity of patten ties, that I had missed out of my warehouse. I found there about half the patten ties that I had missed. It turned out that he had them from Mr. Mendes. I then went to Mr. Mendes. He lives in the Borough-road. He is an army accoutrement maker. In consequence of what Mendes told me, I went to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Percy
               



            , a patten-maker, St. John-street, Clerkenwell, and then I went to Mr. Saunders, in Grafton-street, Soho, and from there to Mr. Cotterell, patten-maker, Holborn. Mr. Saunders said he had purchased them of Mrs. Crocket. I found she was the daughter of Thompson.
Q. When Mrs. Thompson said, what a pity it was honest people could not sleep in their beds, did she say how the robbery was effected - A. No further than she said she put her head out of the window. She lives opposite of my warehouse, in Wharf-street, Birmingham, and when she put her head out of the window she heard a voice that damned her, and bid her to put her head in. She said, she saw two men opposite the warehouse, who pretended to be drunk, who damned her, and told her to put her head into the window again.
MR. ROGERS. I am a sadler. I live in the Strand, at the front of Exeter change. On the 27th of August, the prisoner, Thompson, came to my house. Before that, Crocket brought some patten ties as a sample. Thompson came to my house two days afterwards, and Mendes came to my house to purchase the ties. Mrs. Thompson asked Mendes twenty pounds for the ties. Mendes bid her eighteen pounds. She agreed that he should have them. I assisted Mrs. Thompson in carrying the patten ties to Mendes; ninety-six dozen I believe, and Mendes paid Mrs. Thompson for them. Mrs. Thompson said, they were of her own manufacture, she lived at Birmingham, and the reason she wanted to sell them she had a bill to pay, and she would rather suffer some loss than have her credit exposed.
DAVID MENDES. I am an accoutrement-maker, No. 15, Borough-road.
Q. Do you know Thompson - A. I saw her four months ago; she was sent for at Mr. Rogers's for me to see her. Mrs. Crocket was with Thompson at the same time. Mr. Rogers brought me a parcel of patten ties for me to sell for her, three days before I saw her. I then took the samples of them, and shewed them to the regular shops in the trade. I am in the habit of selling leather for the same thing. When the sample was left with me I went to Mr. Davis in Houndsditch, and left a sample. I saw Mrs. Thompson at Mr. Rogers's, two days after. I had the sample of goods. I passed Mr. Rogers's. I called in Mrs. Thompson was sent for; than another sample was given me and the price.
Q. What was the price - A. Twenty pounds for an hundred dozen. I told them, I could not get a customer for them directly, but, I said, if I could get a pound or two by them I would buy them. I offered eighteen pounds for the goods. They agreed to take the eighteen pounds. I was to give Mr. Rogers ten shillings, and Mrs. Crocket was to give the same. Rogers and Thompson agreed to bring the goods to my house on the Friday, and the same day they brought the goods to my house. I paid for them within two pounds. I paid them the remainder afterwards. Crocket was with Thompson when the goods were brought. I sold the whole parcel to Mr. Felix.

Q. 
            What quantity was delivered to you - A. Ninety seven dozen and a half.
Q. Did you ask either of them how they came by them - 
               A. 
            No; I dealt never in any thing but what is honest. Mrs. Thompson told me that she was the maker of them, that she lived at Birmingham; as such she brought them up to make up a bill.


                  PETER 
                  FELIX
               



            . I am a patten-maker, No. 70, Wild-street, Lincolns-inn-field. Mrs. Rogers came to my house on the 24th of August; she brought five or six dozen patten ties as a sample of a larger quantity. I at last bought them of 
               
                  David 
                  Mendes
               



            . I gave him four and sixpence a dozen for ninety dozen. I delivered them up to Hancock the officer.
RICHARD PERCY. I am a patten-maker, No. 79, St. John-street. The prisoner, Crocket, came to me alone, on the 28th or 29th of 
               August. 
            She brought me four dozen patten ties. She said they came from Birmingham, or they belonged to a person in Birmingham; they wanted money, and they must be sold. I bought four dozen, at four shillings a dozen. She brought a gross more. I gave her three shillings and eightpence for them. I bought twenty-eight dozen in the whole of Mrs. Crocket.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTERILL
               



            . I am a patten-maker, No. 25, Holborn-hill. About the latter end of August, the prisoner, Crocket, came to my house alone; she asked me to buy patten ties of her. What shebrought was black bound. I wanted some red bound. She went away, and came again in about an hour. Mrs. Thompson was with her. They then shewed me some red bound. I bought five dozen. I paid the eldest prisoner; she seemed the most concerned. I paid a one-pound note for four dozen patten ties. The elder prisoner told me she was in that line; she lived in Birmingham. I mentioned Mr. Brand's name to her; she said, she knew him very well. About three weeks afterwards, Hancock, the officer, came, and the next morning I took the ties to the office.
THOMAS SAUNDERS. I am a patten-maker, in Grafton-street. The prisoner, Crocket, came to my house sometime in August; she came with her mother. They brought me some patten ties. On the next day I bought two dozen of Crocket. I gave eleven shillings for them. I used a part, and the rest I gave to Hancock, the officer.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I apprehended Crocket on the 12th of September, in Brydges-street, Covent-gardon, at the sign of the Two Spies. I told Crocket what I apprehended her for; she said, she had come to the public-house on purpose, she heard that I had been after her. I produce the patten ties that I had of Mr. Saunders, and these are what were left at Mr. Cotterill's.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRIC
               



            . I am an officer. I produce some patten ties that I received of Mr. Felix, and these are what I received from Mr. Herbert. Thompson was brought up to town by a Birmingham officer. Mrs. Crocket lives in Benjamin-street.
Prosecutor. I have seen all the patten ties that are produced; they are my property.
Q. Did you ever see Crocket at Birmingham - 
               A. 
            Thompson, the mother, lived opposite of my warehouse in Wharf-street.
Thompson's Defence. Mr. Brand said, I was the first person that he saw; there were a great con- course of people there. Mr. Brand came in amongst them; he asked what was the matter. I told him. It was some time after Mr. Brand was robbed that I bought these patten ties of Mr. Baylis. I had removed from that house when I bought these ties, and I told the officer in Birmingham who I sold them to. I am as innocent as a child unborn. I never knew, they were Mr. Brand's ties, and my daughter is as innocent as a child unborn in regard of thinking they were stolen, as well as myself.
Crocket was not put on her defence.
THOMPSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CROCKET, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
