





1447. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bertrand
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 5th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 3l.; one chain, value 6d.; and one seal, value 6d.
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  BERTRAND
               



            . I am a journeyman silk-weaver
, and live in Fleet-street, Bethnall-green. On the 5th of October, about nine o'clock at night, I was on Holborn-bridge


 returning home with my wife and two or three friends; when I came to the King's-arms-inn, I saw the prisoner about three yards from me, reeling as if he was drunk; when he came within a few steps of me so as to throw himself on me, he caughthold of my coat as if to save himself, and drove me from the middle of the pavement against the gateway of the King's-arms; he threw his head against my breast, and by my stooping he brushed his hat across my nose; at that moment my watch went; I asked him what he wanted with me, or what he meant by serving me so - He made no answer; my wife had hold of my arm; she said at the time that he was going to hustle or rob me of my watch; she collared him and told him he was robbing me; at that moment my watch-case fell out of his hands, while I was stooping to pick it up, he made his escape and ran off; Deacon, who with me, pursued and took him. I did not get my watch.
SOPHIA BERTRAND. I was walking with my husband, and saw the prisoner stop him and put his head against his breast, and hold him against the gateway; I did not see him before; I collared him and said he has got your watch; I was not alarmed. I saw the case on the ground, he got away, Deacon ran after him and secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEACON
               



            . I was with Bertrand, and saw three young men going along, apparently drunk, I went forward, thinking they were going to strike him; I went up, the woman said, "he has got your watch;" the prisoner passed me - I saw something bright in his hand; he turned round and I followed him into Fleet-market; he said, what do you want of me? I took him back, and gave him in charge-it appeared a complete hustle. The three brushed by him, and the prisoner is the man who was against his breast.
(Watchease sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I deny the charge. There was a cry of stop thief, I ran with the people, and they took me.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
