





54. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, one watch, value 2 l.; one chain, value 6 d.; one seal, value 6 d., and one key, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live in Hartshorn-court, Cornhill, and work for Mr. Alderman Birch. On the 13th of November, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was going home from work, and met the prisoner just under the wall of Golden-lane brewhouse


 - he was alone; my watch was safe then. He pretended to be in liquor, andstaggered against me; I made way for him but he would come against me. He folded his hands round my waist, hugged me, and held me about a minute, then made off with my seals - he went off very well then. I missed my watch, and immediately followed, and secured him; he made a shuffle, upon which some girls came up, and scratched and kicked me - they hurt me very much, and rescued him, but I never lost sight of him. A witness laid hold of him; I have not found my watch - the women went away. He said at the watch-house that he would mark me, and said he had never seen me. When he laid hold of me I thought he was drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  FILMORE
               



            . I am a brazier, and live in Paul's-alley, Cripplegate. On the 13th of November, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was going up Golden-lane, heard the cry of Stop thief! went up the court, and the prosecutor said he had been robbed of his watch by the prisoner - two women were trying to rescue him from the prosecutor. As I took him down Golden-lane to have him searched, one of the women said,
"Come home, he is no officer. You shan't take my husband." I shoved the woman away from him; he got from the prosecutor, and I secured him before he got out of my sight - we took him to the watch-house; he said there that he would mark the prosecutor. The women appeared to be loose women - they never came again.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAGE
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, but found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor, and ran against him - he was with two women. He charged me with robbing him, but I never touched him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
