






125. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATHEWS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BA-KER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, one pair of boots, value 5s., and two shawls, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Saunders
               




            .
SUSAN SAUNDERS. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Saunders
               



            , and live in Cartwright-street, Westminster


. I was in my back room, and heard footsteps in the parlour, I opened the door, and saw the prisoner, Baker, with the boots in his hand - He was a stranger to me. I told him he was robbing me - He snatched the shawl off the chair, and went off immediately; I called out stop thief!-Mathews was walking with him - They both went away together.
REBECCA PORTER. I live four doors from the prosecutrix. On the 14th of November, I saw Baker come out of Cartwright-street, with the boots, the other prisoner was about six yards behind him; several of the neighbours threw up their windows, and said the prosecutrix had been robbed. I knew the prisoners very well by sight. On the Monday following I was told Bly had taken them.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners, on the Monday after the robbery, together, in the same house; I saw them on the day of the robbery, withthe boots, but did not know they were stolen. I observed that Mathews had a handkerchief with something in it, under his arm; I asked him what it was, he gave it me with the boots, and said they were his. I asked him where he got them, he said, from Judd-it was about eight o'clock in the morning when I took them; he said he had returned the boots to Judd-Baker heard him.
BAKER'S Defence. Judd gave them to me - I returned them to him.
MATHEWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
