






1204. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FUELL
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WYNN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, one salt-spoon, value 5s.; one salt-cellar, value 1s.; one dish, value 1s.; and one wine-strainer, value 10s.; the property of 
                     
                        Thomas Ludford 
                        Bellamy
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  BUTLER
               



            . On the 20th of June I was in Mr. Bellamy's kitchen, between one and two o'clock, and heard a noise in the dining-room, I ran up stairs, the prisoner Fuell, ran out of the dining-room door, and then out of the street door; I pursued, and called Mercer, who stopped him. I missed the articles stated in the indictment out of the room.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. I am servant to Mr. Bellamy. Butler called me, I ran out and saw the prisoners running together about sixty yards from the house. We called "Stop thief!" Welch stopped Fuell. Wynn was taken in the timber-yard.


                  GEORGE 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am toll-man at Battersea-bridge. I heard the cry, and saw Fuell running very fast; Wynn was behind him. I made a catch at Fuell but missed him. I took Wynn; by the motion of his hands I thought he threw something over the hedge. I charged him with throwing something over, he denied it.


                  JOHN 
                  PIPER
               



            . I am a foreman to a ship-breaker at Battersea. I saw Fuell run into the yard. I saw him throw something white down; he stooped as if to conceal himself behind the timber; the mob were pursuing him. I collared him, and asked him what he threw away; he made no answer. I found there was a strainer, a salt-cellar, and dish, behind the timber; I also found the salt-spoon where I saw him throw something down. Mercer came up and claimed them.



                  ROBERT 
                  LEGATE
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I was working opposite the prosecutor's; I saw Fuell open his door and go into the house. Wynn was about fifty yards off, but was within sight. Fuell came out, joined Wynn, and gave him something. I heard the cry, and they both immediately ran off together. Fuell appeared to me to open the door with a key. He could not open it without a drop latch-key. I saw one found in the boat by the river-side, where he was stopped, and suspected to have thrown something over. I tried it to the door, it opened it. I saw them both together before Fuell went in.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FUELL'S Defence. I went into the yard for a necessary purpose.
WYNN'S Defence. I ran with the mob and was taken.
FUELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WYNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
