





736. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EALING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of August
, a dollar
            , the property of 
               
                  Joel 
                  Hill
               




            .


                  JOEL 
                  HILL
               



            . Q. Did you lose any thing on the 31st of August last - A. Yes, in George Street Bloomsbury


, I was going through Holborn, between nine and ten at night; the prisoner caught hold of me, and said the had something to say to me, she took me up George-street.
Q. Had you any money with you - A. Yes, I cannot say exactly how much.
Q. Did you lose any thing - A. Yes, a dollar. I felt her hand in my pocket, I caught hold of her, she pulled her hand out and ran off, before I secured her I felt in my pocket, the dollar was gone; I pursued her, I could not overtake her.
Q. How long were you with her up that street - A. Not five minutes; I saw her again in eight days afterwards, I recollected her again; I am sure she is the person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORN
               



            . On the 31st of August I saw the prosecutor, he said he had been robbed.
Prisoner's Defence. On last Monday night was a week, this gentleman came into the public house where I was, I went up to him. I said do you want me, he said yes, you robbed me of a dollar, I said you are welcome to take me in charge; in the morning I went to the office in Marlborough-street; he said it I gave him a dollar he would get me discharged, I said it is very hard for me to replace a dollar I never had; he then said he would go as far as the laws of his country would go, to send me out of the country.
Q. to Prosecutor. Were you in liquor or no - A. I was not, I never spoke to her since I was in the watchhouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
