





671. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of September
, two ounces weight of silver, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Metham
                  




               
            .
ROBERT METHAM. I am a working silversmith
, I live at 57, Bartholomew-close


; the prisoner worked with me as my journeyman
, he worked with me from five to six or seven months. Having suspected him for some time robbing me, for the last few days, I marked some silver, and on Wednesday, the 12th of this month, when the prisoner went out to dinner, I weighed his work; and from information, I went with the constable into Long-lane, met him, and brought him back to my house, and there he acknowledged that he had been robbing me; he took part of my property out of his breeches pocket himself; the constable searched him and took out some more silver to the amount in the indictment. I weighed the silver out myself to him, and when I met him in Long-lane, I told him he had robbed me, and what piece he had about him, he took it out of his pocket, and said it was mine.


                  GEORGE 
                  WORRALL
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Metham called upon me two or three days before, and wished me to remain in his house while the prisoner went out to his dinner, for him to weigh his work. On the 12th I was there about one o'clock, the prisoner came down from his work with another of his shopmates, I watched him into Long-lane, he there went into a cook's shop. Mr. Metham came after the prisoner, and saw him, he appeared as if he was going back to his work. Mr. Metham took hold of him, told him that he had robbed him. We took him back, and searched him in the parlour; I took some silver out of the prisoner's breeches pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I have done several jobs for myself, and the silver I had upon me for a long while. I had a private job, that was the silver that I was a going to make it with.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
