






987. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONDALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MONTAGUE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, a ridicule, value 2 s. five keys and a ring, value 2 s. a smelling-bottle, value 2 s. 6 d. a silver pencil-case, value 2 s. 6 d. and a pocketbook, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     French
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I live with my father; he keeps an oyster-shop, Giltspur-street


. On the 18th of September I left my bag on the table in the parlour. My bag contained a smelling-bottle, pocketbook, five keys, and a pencil-case. The prisoners came into the parlour; the bag with the articles was in the room when they came in; it was not there when they went out.
Q. What are the prisoners - A. I do not know: they came into the room to eat some oysters.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I keep an oyster-shop in Giltspur-street. On the 18th of September, the two prisoners came into my shop; they asked for some oysters; they had eighteen-pennyworth of oysters, and a pint of porter; no other people were in the room but the prisoners. My daughter came out, and said she had lost her bag; I came down the Old Bailey; I mentioned the circumstance to two officers; they said, they had seen him in the yard. I went home. They came to me about a quarter of an hour, and said, they had found the prisoners; they had searched them, and found my daughter's property on them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I received information of Mr. French, that his daughter had been robbed. I apprehended the prisoners at the Pitt's Head. On Condall I found a smelling-bottle, and on searching Montague I found the remainder of the property, except the bags and keys. Condall acknowledged that he had done it, and said, he was very sorry for it. Montague said, that Condall gave her the property; she did not know that he had stolen it.
- SMITH. I am an officer. I was in company with Eldridge. As Eldridge found the property he gave them to me. I produce them.
Prosecutrix. They are all my property.
Condall's Defence. I went into this man's shop to have some oysters; when I came out there was something on the floor; I kicked it before me; I picked it up, and when I came out I gave it to the woman; that is all I know of it.
CONDALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MONTAGUE 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
