





530. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the Kings highway, upon 
                     
                        Penniston 
                        Topper
                     




                  , on the 13th of May
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 1 l. and a gold key, value 18 d.
             his property.
PENNISTON TOPPER. In the first week of May, I do not recollect the day of the week; I was passing along Crown-street, Finsbury-square


, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I met the prisoner and another man with him; the prisoner was on my right side, and the other man on my left. He accosted me with the name of Simmons, or Wiggins, something to that effect; I cannot charge my memory which. The prisoner put himself in a fighting attitude with his thumb to my throat, but not with violence. The other man pushed me with force against the prisoner, and when I came in contact with him, the prisoner took from my person my watch.
Q. From what part of your person - A. I had it in my waistcoat pocket.
Q. Did he do it with violence - A. No, he did not; I did not perceive I had lost my property until he left me, he did it so quick; I did not perceive him take it. I missed my watch; from the appearance of the men it struck me that I had lost something. I immediately gave the hue and cry of stop thief. I could have easily have taken the other man, but being pretty positive the prisoner had my property. I conceived it necessary to follow him; and when he found I followed him, I saw him throw it away. I picked it up myself. This is the watch; I am positive it is my watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  BURN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Miller. On the 13th of May, I was near the last witness at the time he has been speaking of. I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner was running; he passed me; I stopped him, and delivered him to Mitchell.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Finsbury-square, in company with 
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               



            , at the time spoken of; I heard the cry of stop thief. the prisoner was stopped by the last witness and another man of the name of Mitchell. I took the prisoner in custody, and took him to Worship-street office. The prosecutor picked up the watch. In taking the prisoner to the office, I told him he was charged with robbing a gentleman of his watch. He said he should not have taken the watch if he had not been lushey, meaning drunk. I took him to the office; he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was tipsey; I did not know what I was doing off.
GUILTY, aged 20,
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
