






637. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAVAGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gould
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am a servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Reymer
               



            , 44, Finsbury-square.
Q. Did you lose a handkerchief on the 20th of June - A. I did; I was in the Park; I presume it was about eleven o'clock when I lost the handkerchief; it was on the day the review was. I did not know my handkerchief was gone until the officer, Johnson, apprised me of it; I felt in my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone. I never saw the prisoners to the best of my knowledge; I was looking at the soldiers.
Q. When was the handkerchief produced to you - A. Not till Johnson took Morley; then he produced the handkerchief, which I knew to be mine.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am one of the City-constables. I was at the review in the Park; I saw both the prisoners there; they were in company together, for an hour. I was in company, with Lawson. I saw both the prisoners attempt many pockets, and pull handkerchiefs out. I saw the prosecutor there, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gould
               



            . I saw Morley and Savage go up to the prosecutor; I saw Morley take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and put it into his own breeches pocket. I told Lawson to keep his eye upon the prisoners, while I went and apprized the prosecutor of it. I asked the prosecutor what sort of a handkerchief it was; he described it. I then went and apprehended the prisoners. I took the handkerchief out of Morley's breeches pocket, where I had seen him put it. I handcuffed the prisoners with a deal of difficulty. I found the handkerchief corresponded with the initials of the prosecutor. The prosecutor came to the office, and swore to the handkerchief. I know the prisoners persons well.
Mr. Curwood. You saw Morley take the handkerchief out of Mr. Gould's pocket - A. Yes; and I saw Savage cloaking Morley, while he took the handkerchief out of his pocket.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I and Johnson followed the two prisoners an hour in the Park; they were attempting gentlemen's pockets. I saw them step behind Mr. Gould; Morley picked his pocket of a handkerchief; Savage was cloaking him. I kept them in sight while Johnson went to the prosecutor, the prosecutor came up. We took them into custody. They made great resistance. I saw the handkerchief taken from Morley's pocket; that handkerchief was claimed by Mr. Gould. Savage was particularly active in attempting to pick gentlemen's pockets.
Morley's Defence. I was standing in the crowd. Johnson came and took me in custody; he said, he took a handkerchief from me; at the same time, he took it off the ground.
Savag's Defence. I went into the Park: I was with 
               Morley
             an hour altogether; I never before saw any thing of Morley, nor he of me.
MORLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
SAVAGE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19,





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
