





1288. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     COLBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fawdon
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6 d., and one 1 l. bank-note
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAWDON
               



            . I am a labourer
. On Sunday, the 8th of August, between two and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the tap-room of the Queen's Head, public-house, at Knightsbridge


, having some beer, the prisoner came in, and sat on the opposite side of the room - there was a man much older than himself, who quarrelled with him. I told the prisoner he had better come and set on my side of the room - he came and sat by my side; we drank together, with two other men. I asked the servant to change me a 1 l. note, he returned it to me, saying that he could not. I wrapped it up in a piece of paper, and put it in my pocket I fell asleep - when I awoke, my breeches-pocket was turned out, and the company and my note were gone, as also my pocket-book, containing my discharge and some duplicates. Next morning I went to Knightsbridge, and found my shirt had been redeemed by producing the duplicate, and that the prisoner had offered a man 3 s. to redeem another shirt of mine - I stopped two of the articles. I traced my note to the Grapes, at Brompton. I found my shirt, which had been redeemed, at the barracks.


                  JOHN 
                  HEMMING
               



            . I am waiter at the Queen's Head. The prosecutor was there, and the prisoner sat by his side. On the following morning, about eight o'clock, the prisoner came, and asked me to get a shirt out of pledge for him. He gave me the duplicate of a coat, I returned it - he then gave me one of the shirt. I said I never took things out of pledge for soldiers; he went away. In about a quarter of an hour I saw him with the shirt in his hand.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am in the third regiment of Guards. On Sunday evening, the 8th of August, I went to the White Hart, public-house, with the prisoner. He produced a 1 l. note, he could not get it changed - he then went to Fulham-bridge and changed it.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I am Sergeant of the Company. On the 9th of August the prisoner gave my wife a shirt to wash, I detained it, knowing it was not his. I asked him where he got it? he said he bought it of a fisherman. The prosecutor claimed it.
SARAH HAMILTON. The prisoner gave me the shirt to wash.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the duplicate of another shirt, which I found on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was at a public-house - two soldiers sold me the duplicates after the prosecutor went out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
