






388. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MOULDS, alias 
PRICE





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, one cruet frame, value 7l.; five knife rests, value 1l. 10s.; one sovereign, value 20s., and one halfsovereign, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barrett
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Dean's-court, St. Martin's-le-Grand, the prisoner, Millett, is my errand-boy
. On the 20th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I gave him the articles and money stated in the indictment, in a small dollar-bag, to take to Goldsmiths' Hall to be stamped-the money was to pay the duty. He returned in half an hour; he ought not to have been gone above ten minutes. I afterwards sent him with other silver goods, worth 30l., in a green bag - I have never seen them since. He did not return after he went out the second time. On the 19th of January I had both the prisoners apprehended.
GEORGE MILES. I am employed at Goldsmiths' Hall-Millett never delivered the articles stated in the indictment to me.


                  ANDREW 
                  ONREE
               



            . I am fifteen years old. I was employed by Mr. Crook, a blacksmith - I was out of place. The prisoner, Millett, told me to be at the top of St. Martin's-le-Grand, at eight o'clock in the morning of the 20th of November. I went, and saw Moulds at the corner of Angel-street - I did not know him before; soon after, I saw Millett come out of Dean's-court with a canvas bag, which appeared to have something heavy in it, he gave. it to Moulds, who went away with it. Millett then went into a baker's shop; I went and spoke to him. He said,"What have you come? - that is right; stay here till I come again." - I did so. In about half an hour he came to me with a green baize bag; Moulds was standing there at the time. We all three went up Angel-street, and along Holborn. When we came to the Seven Dials, Millett gave Moulds the bag; he told Millett to take it to a public-house in Pulteney-street - Millett and I went there, and had a pint of beer. In about a quarter of an hour Moulds came in-he had plenty of bank notes and some silver in his hand, and a sovereign and a half. He took us to Marylebone, to a public-house at the corner of East-street, and had some rum, which he paid for; we then went to a cook-shop, and had some meat and a pot of beer. He took us to several public-houses, and made us quite drunk. After I recovered, I found myself lying on the floor of a room at Rumsey's, in Marylebone-Millett was likewise there. Moulds gave us none of the money. It was then about half-past eight o'clock at night. Millett had a shilling, which he paid for a lodging for us that night. Next day, we wandered about the streets, without having any thing to eat. At night we met Rumsey on Blenheim steps, and asked him for some money, he said he had none; he gave us two-pence, and left us immediately. We got a penny loaf each - We then said we would go home to our friends, which I did. I was taken before the magistrate in January, and told this story. I am sure Moulds is the man.


                  HENRY 
                  RUMSEY
               



            . I live in York-court, Earl-street, Marylebone. I knew the prisoner, Moulds, by seeing him at a public-house at Dorset-street. On the 20th of November, about one o'clock, as I was going to dinner, I met him in Crawford-street, with Millett and Onree. He asked me if I had plenty of work, and sent the two boys on. I asked him how he got on? he said very well-that he had a horse and cart, and would give me something to drink. I went into a public-house with him, the boys waited outside. I saw he had a sovereign and a half, and some silver. I afterwards went with him and the two boys to the York, public-house, and had two or three pots of porter, which he paid for-the boys were drunk. We all walked to Earl-street, and had a glass of rum each atanother public-house, the boys refused to drink any-Moulds persuaded them to drink it. Mr. Addlington, who was there, offered to pay for two of the glasses of rum, the prisoner. Moulds, said he would pay for them himself, and changed a half-sovereign to pay for them, saying that he had plenty of money. He asked me to let the two boys lay down in my room, which I did. He went up with them, it was about three o'clock, and went away about seven o'clock, leaving them asleep and quite sick - They left about half-past ten. Next night they came to my house, looking for Moulds, and wandering about.
MARY RUMSEY. I am the wife of the last witness-he has spoken correctly.
MOULDS'S Defence. I never had the property; I had part of the money lent me, which was 1l.17s.6d.
MILLETT-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
MOULDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
