





89. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  , alias 
GRIFFITHS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
, a wrapper, value 1 s. four shirts, value 2 l. four cravets, value 6 s. two handkerchiefs, value 6 s. three towels, value 3 s. and a pair of sheets, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  M'Beth
               




            .
JOHN M'BETH. I am a carrier
. I carried these goods for Mrs. Bean, of Lower Layton. On the 9th of December, I lost these things in Gracechurch-street; I left the cart on seeing my lad coming to go into Leadenhall-market; my lad was coming up to the cart; he was about a dozen yards off the cart when I went up to Leadenhall-market.


                  JOHN 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am the lad that belongs to Mr. M'Beth's cart. I took up a bundle to White Hart-court, I ran after the cart; I saw my master making from the cart, and when I got to the cart the prisonerwas in the cart; I asked him what he wanted; he said, his parcel. I told him he did not want any parcel; he said, he did. He got out of the cart with a bundle under his arm; I followed him, and catched hold of him by the collar; we scuffled a bit. He threw the bundle into the cart; I still kept hold of him. He asked me to let him go as he had nothing; I told him he should not go until master came. I held him until master came, and then I told him of it. I saw him getting down out of the cart when I came to it.
MR. NALDER. I was coming by, I took the prisoner in custody; I did not see the bundle, it never was in my possession; knowing the prisoner I secured him.
Moore. This is the bundle; I am sure it is the bundle that I had in the cart, Mrs. Bean delivered it to me in the morning.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BEAN
               



            . My bundle contained four shirts, four cravets, three towels, and a pair of sheets; I had them to wash.
Prisoner's Defence. I was rather forward in liquor, I fell up against the cart; as for any bundle, I never had; I never was in the cart.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
