





452. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAQUES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, a silver wine strainer, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Iltid 
                           Nicholl
                        



                     
                  ; and a seal, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Hunt
                        



.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HUNT
               



            . On the 25th of April, between the hours of five and six in the evening, I saw the prisoner coming out of the pantry of Iltid Nicholl. esq
. 55, Lincoln's Inn Fields


. I asked the prisoner what he wanted; I asked him the second time what he wanted; he gave no answer neither the first time nor the second, and perceiving him going away I supposed he was a robber. I immediately ran after him.
Q. Does your pantry go through the area - A. Yes. There is a passage door, and the pantry is further on. There is an area-door, and two other doors before you come into the pantry.
Q. I understood you to say that you saw him come out of the pantry - A. I did, and upon seeing him go off I ran after him, and came up to him in Duke-street. I took him by the collar into a public-house, into the tap-room; I immediately sent for my master, and likewise for Taunton, an officer of Bow-street; he searched him, and found the property on him in my presence. A silver wine strainer was found on him, and a metal seal.
Q. Did you happen to know of your own knowledge that this wine strainer was in the pantry - A. I am certain of it. I had been decanting wine five minutes before, and used the wine strainer.
Q. How came the seal there - A. I bought it a little while ago, and it laid on the shelf. I had seen the seal on the shelf not half an hour before the prisoner came out of the pantry. The prisoner was secured.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



            . Q. Do you remember being sent for to the public-house in Duke-street - A. I do; on the 25th of April last. I searched the prisoner, in his pocket I found the upper part of a wine strainer, and a metal seal; I have had them in my possession ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a young man; I have a wife and two children. Poverty induced me to do this act for which I now stand before you.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
