





319. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     RIX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, one seal, value 1s.; one comb, value 2d.; and 8s.6d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Johnstone
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSTONE
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in St. Martin's-lane. On the 15th of December, about twelve o'clock at night, I was going up Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


, towards home, and met the prisoner, who took hold of my arm, and wanted me to go home with her. I told her I was in a hurry, and had got no money, in order to get rid of her. She asked me to give her something to drink, I gave her some halfpence; she still kept hold of me, and put her hands round me; I found her hand in my pocket, on looking round-it was turned out; there was a clean shirt in it, and the rest of the things stated in the indictment. I caught hold of her, and gave her in charge. My comb, seal, and 4s. was found on her. I saw her drop 4s.6d. as she went along - I picked it up. I went no where with her.
PATRICK CARMODY. I was coming up Wild-street, and heard the prosecutor call out - I went up to him, he gave the prisoner in charge. When I took hold of her she dropped 4s.6d. I found 4s. and the comb and seal on her.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the money. The prosecutor was quite sober.
(Comb and Seal sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave them to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
