






460. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cross
                     




                  , about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 16th of May
, 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Cross
                     



                   and others, being therein, and feloniously stealing sixteen neck handkerchiefs, value 12 s. eleven silver tea spoons, value 1 l. two silver sugar tongs, value 12 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. a pair of gloves, value 1 s. four handkerchiefs, value 12 s. and a prayer book, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Cross
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  CROSS
               



            . I live at 42, Rosemary-lane, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel


; I keep the Alderman Parson's Head
. On Wednesday the 16th of May the prisoner came with another man into my house, he called for a pint of ale, he asked me if I could furnish him with a lodging, saying that he was a jeweller and worked hard by; he had another pint of ale, and after a little while I answered him that I could accomodate him with a lodging; this was about one o'clock in the day; he said he had been up the night before, and he wished to retire to rest. I shewed him a room up two pair of stairs, he seemed pleased with the room, he said he should take it for a constancy; he offered me money for a deposit, I declined it. I left the room and went to Hox on that same afternoon. I returned about eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. What time was it you left your house - A.About three o'clock in the afternoon; when I returned I understood the prisoner was gone. On the following day my wife missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment. These things were taken out of my own bed room in the one pair of stairs, the door of which was locked when I went to Hoxton
Q. However, he did not break and enter into the house - you say you shewed him into the room - A. Yes, I did. The officer found some of the property upon him.
SAMUEL MILLER. I am an officer. On Friday the 18th of last month, I went to the Alderman Parson's Head in Rosemary-lane; I took the prisoner in custody, I asked him where the things were that he had taken from Mr. Cross; at first he denied it; I told him I should certainly find him out if he did not tell, and was going to search him, he then pulled off his hat, and said, here is some of your property; there were three neck handkerchiefs, and another handkerchief he pulled out of his pocket; he said he had sold three silver spoons to a jew in Rosemary-lane, and the remainder of the handkerchiefs he sold to this jew for fourteen or fifteen shillings, and that he did not take any more than three spoons and a number of handkerchiefs; the rest were never found. He said he burst the landlord's bedroom door open after he had been an hour and a half in bed, and took the property.
Prisoner's Defence. I came up from Scotland that present time; I came into this house, I asked for a bed, he took me up to bed; I was sick, I came down, I saw the door open, I saw the thing sticking out of the drawer, there were three tea spoons, and about nine or ten handkerchiefs; it is the first thing I ever did in my life.
GUILTY, aged 17
         
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
