





456. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BEVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 15s. 8d. in monies numbered, and four 1l. notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Franklin
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I keep the Goat, in Grosvenor-street




; the prisoner was my servant
. On the 3d of February, in the evening, he said that he was to take change for a 5l. note to Mr. Pedley, in Grosvenor-street, and that I was to deduct for the beer that was owing. The next morning, about nine o'clock, he asked me for the change - I gave him four 1l. notes, and 15s. 4d. - he did not give me the 5l. note. He went out for the pots, and I sent a person to look for him, who found the pots tied up to the railing. I went to Mr. Pedley, who said he had not brought the change. I took him in Golden-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pedley, in Grosvenor-street; we deal with Franklin. We did not send for change for a 5l. note at any time whatever. The prisoner used to bring our beer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a tailor. I sold the prisoner a coat and waistcoat for 1l. 3s. - he gave me two 1l. notes, and I gave him change. I have parted with one of the notes-the prosecutor claimed the one I had left-(I produce it).
WILLIAM REID. I am an officer. On the 14th of February, I took the prisoner in charge. He told me he bought the clothes in Field-lane. The prisoner said, if he had taken the notes the evening before, as he intended, we should never have taken him.
WILLIAM FRANKLIN. The note produced is mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
