





996. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, one watch, value 1 l.; one chain, value 3 d.; one seal, value 1 d., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a sawyer
, and live in Tunbridge-road. On the 31st of May, between eight and nine o'clock, I was in Baker-street


 - my wife was leading me home. I was a little fresh. I wanted a little more, and my wife was pulling me home. A mob surrounded me, and I was knocked down - I got up as soon as I could; a man came up to me, and asked if I had lost my watch? I felt and missed it; he pointed over to the prisoner, and said,
"There is the man who has got it;" my wife was near him, and collared him - he denied it. He told her to let him go; a man struck her arm, which made her break her hold, and the prisoner ran away. I called Stop thief! Pepper secured him and brought him back; we found the watch in the knee of his breeches.


                  SUSAN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I was endeavouring to get him home as he was a little intoxicated - several people came round; he was pushed down by the crowd, who came round us. As soon as he got up he missed his watch, and pointed to the prisoner, saying, he was informed he had got it. I seized him - he denied it; a man struck me on the arm, and I was obliged to let him go - he ran away, and I called Stop thief! Pepper brought him back.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am servant to Captain 
               Hanbury
            . I saw Clark and his wife in the street, and the prisoner running. There was a cry of Stop thief! I pursued and secured him; he begged of me to let him go. I searched him in the prosecutor's presence, and found the watch in the knee of his breeches.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the watch on the ground, picked it up, and it dropped through to the knee of my breeches.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
