





899. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     CAFFRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Roger 
                           Kayne
                        




                     
                  , a bank note, value 20l. and a bank note, value 5l. his property
            .


                  ROGER 
                  KAYNE
               



            . I have been a sailor
 on boardthe Northumberland. On the 16th of August, at night, I fell in with the prisoner; I went with her to her lodgings; I agreed to pay her three shillings for the bed and herself; I went to bed; she sat up for three or four minutes; I told her to put out the candle, and lock the door, and come to bed, and she did so. I had a twenty pound note and a five pound note in the pocket of my trowsers; I put my trowsers underneath my head, and about two o'clock in the morning; I missed her, and the note. Two men came up to the room to send me out, and told me I should not sleep there.


                  GEORGE 
                  BASEY
               



            . Hearing of this, I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, according to the description I received; she is called Dublin Poll. She was committed for re-examination, understanding the prosecutor had received the note at Sheerness; I wrote down a letter, and a letter was sent up. In consequence of information, we stopped the notes at the Bank, and they are in Court.
-HOALE. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce the notes, and the twenty-pound note was paid in by Mr. Jones of Smithfield.
-JONES. I took that note of a man who cohabits with the prisoner at the bar.


                  Roger 
                  Kayne
               



            . I cannot swear to that note.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . 
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
