





83. 
               
                  ANN 
                  STODHART
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, one sheet, value 2s.; one shift, value 12s.; one napkin, value 6d.; two handkerchiefs, value 5s.; one frock, value 4s.; seven yards of calico, value 10s. 6d.; six yards of woollen cloth, value 5l. 18s.; and two yards of linen cloth, value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Seabrook
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN SEABROOK. I live in King-street, Tower-hill


; I am a publican and a tailor
; the prisoner had lived servant
 with me about five months; I had lost several things.
JOSEPH MESSENGER. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Ratcliff-highway; the prisoner pledged this remnant of cloth with me, on the 20th of November; (producing it), in her own name, I knew her before.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; several parcels of things were pledged with me, in the name of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cooley
               



            ; I issued duplicates of them; there are six parcels in the whole, four of which I took-in myself.
SAMUEL MILLER. I am an officer; I searched the prisoner, and found these duplicates on her (producing them). I found a key in her pocket, which opened the door where Mr. Seabrook kept his cloth. Mr. Seabrook was with me when I tried the key; I asked her, how she came to take the cloth; she said, she had only taken two pieces.
(This confession, which was taken down by the direction of Sir 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Williams
               



            , was read).
"The black cloth and linen pledged with Mr. Messenger, I took from my master; the other things, which werepledged by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cooley
               



            , were pledged by my direction."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 28.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
