





191. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  INGRAM
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bibbs
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 6th of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, five gowns, value 2 l. two petticoats, value 8 s. a sheet, value 10 s. a quilt, value 8 s. three shifts, value 15 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Bibbs
               



            .


                  HARRIET 
                  BIBBS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Bibbs
               



            ; we live in Elbow-place, in the parish of St. Luke's


. My husband is a carpenter
. We occupy the whole of the house. On Sunday, the day in the indictment, we left the house at three o'clock, my husband went with me. We left nobody in the house. We went out about three o'clock in the afternoon; it was day-light then.

Q. You left every part of the house secure, did you - A. Yes.
Q. Was the sash that you afterwards saw broken was that fastened - A. Yes, it was fastened down.
Q. Did you afterwards find it broken - A. Yes, and lifted up. The shutters were not shut, but the sash was fastened down. The door was double locked; I locked it myself. I took the key in my pocket; I went to a friend's house, and from there to a chapel.
Q. Did you and your husband return together - A. Yes; we went together, and returned together. We returned at half past eight; it was dark then. I put the key in the door; it opened immediately upon turning it once; when I went in I observed the sash lifted up as high as it could be, and the shutters put to.
Q. Was there any glass gone - A. The pane of glass was not all gone, but it was nearly all out, and the glass scattered about the room, and two of the drawers were out, and the things scattered about the room. The things mentioned in the indictment were taken out of my drawers, the drawers that were not locked. The things were taken out of there, and the drawers that was locked nothing was taken out. I missed five gowns; some of them were very good; many of them had never been used.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of all that were taken - A. About four or five pounds value. I value the three best of the gowns at twelve shillings each, the two others about five shillings each; I lost two petticoats, I value them at five shillings each; the sheet at ten shillings; a quilt, eight shillings; three shifts, value five shillings each; two handkerchiefs, value one shilling. I had seen them the same morning.


                  JANE 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I live in Elbow-place, Howard's-green, next door to the prosecutor's house. I came by about half past five, every thing appeared to me to be safe then; it was dusk then.
Q. Could you distinguish the features of a man's countenance - A. Yes, if I knew him, but not a stranger. I had candles burning in my own house then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I stopped the prisoner at the corner of Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell, about a quarter past eight on Sunday evening the 6th of this month.
Q. How far is Elbow-place from Aylesbury-street - A. About half a mile; he had the appearance as if coming from some place at a distance; he was walking quickly.
THOMAS MAYHEW. I am a conductor of patrols. I was present when the prisoner was stopped; it being dark I took him into a public-house. Before I opened the bundle the prisoner had, I said, what does this bundle consist of; he said, my own wearing apparel; it consisted of shirts, stockings, and handkerchiefs. I asked him where he lodged; he said just by. It was a remarkable cold night; he was all in perspiration. I produce the property.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at these things - A. The whole of the articles are mine; I know them; I made them all myself.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Hoxton on Sunday evening. In Goswell-street I picked this bundle up.
GUILTY, aged 20,
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
