





884. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of October
, a handkerchief, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barnet
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARNET
               



            . I am a surgeon
 in St. John-street. On the 28th of October I was passing from the Strand into Fleet-street, and as I was passing through Temple Bar


, a man, who was carrying a basket before me. His basket was knocked down by design, more than by accident, and as I turned round I saw the prisoner and his companion behind me. I recollected that I had some papers and valuable things about me. I pursued my way home. When I got near the corner of Fetter-lane, happening to look about accidentally, I saw the prisoner again, and his companion. I considered then that they were suspicious characters. I endeavoured to get before them. I wished to get further from them. I went off the pavement, and just at the corner of Shoe-lane, supposing I was out of their reach, I felt a sudden tug at my pocket. I immediately turned round. The prisoner was at my right hand. I saw my handkerchief drop from him on the ground. His companion at that moment was rather before me. I instantly collared the prisoner, and I picked up the handkerchief off the prisoner's feet. I took him myself to the officer in Poppins-court. He made no resistance. His companion followed me to the officer's door. I found the officer, and I gave him in charge, and I gave the officer the handkerchief.


                  EDWARD 
                  CRESWLLL
               



            . I am an officer in the City. The prisoner was delivered in charge to me, by Mr. Barnet. He charged him with picking his pocket. The prisoner declared he was innocent. I took the prisoner to the Compter. I have kept the handkerchief ever since. This is the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. This is the handkerchief. It was taken from my pocket. It cost me fourteen shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor accused me of picking his pocket. I saw the handkerchief drop from a person's hand. I told him I was not the person. I had no companion with me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
