





279. 
               
                  
                     LUKE 
                     CORNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 11th of January
, twenty-nine coats, value 40l. eighteen waistcoats, value 4l. four jackets, value 2l. twenty-eight pairs of trowsers. value 9l. two gowns, value 6l. two sheets, value 15s. one shirt, value 5s. one handkerchief, value 3s. one cloak, value 1l. one spencer, value 15s. one ink-stand, value 5s. one tea-spoon, value 5s. one row of heads, value 30s. one silver milk-pot, value 2l. and one strainer, value 5s. being part, and parcel of certain goods, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Goodman 
                           Solomon
                        




                     
                  , of which 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Turner
                     



                   was at these sessions convicted of feloniously and burglariously stealing, he well known them to have been so stolen
            .


                  GOODMAN 
                  SOLOMAN
               



            . I live in Field-lane. I have two houses, Nos. 4 and 22. The burglary was committed at No. 22, on the night of the 11th of January - I left all fastened and safe at night, and in the morning, a little after three, I saw it had been broken open. I saw part of the property stolen at the prisoner Corner's house.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. When I saw the goods in the house, I did not see the prisoner there.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 12th of January, I apprehended some persons for a burglary. I apprehended the man named Turner, at about six, or a little after. He was convicted for the burglary at Solomon's, the other day I received some information from the accomplice, which led me to the prisoner's house, which is over a gateway, in Red-lion-court. He was not at home. I examined the first-floor of the house. When I entered the door, on the left hand, I saw a bedstead tied up to keep it in its place. I pulled down the bed, and found a great quantity of wearing apparel, men's and some women's, but I had not time to look over them. All of that was afterwards claimed by Solomons. A silver milk-pot, and plated strainer, were also found. They were also claimed by Solomons. I was also present when my brother officer, Brown, assisted by Barnley and Haylett, opened another bed in the room, a quantity of wearing apparel was also found in that, doubled up in the flocks. All this property Goodman Soloman's has since claimed.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. The door was fastened with a gimlet. I have no knowledge of my own that that was the prisoner's room.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I am officer. I was along with the last witness, when we searched this room. It was Luke Corner's room. I live next door but one, and I am sure he was the person who inhabited it. I afterwards apprehended him.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . On the night of the 11th of January, I was in company with Turner, who was convicted. We carried the greater part of the stolen property to the house of the prisoner, at about half past two in the morning. We journeyed to hishouses about five times. His son was one of the parties concerned in this burglary. The son and Hurley went up first. I was in the room several times. We told the prisoner that they came from Field-lane.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. This is the third time I have been here to give evidence against my companions. For the last two months I have got my bread by thieving.



               GUILTY
            , aged 55.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
