





581. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOOTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of June
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bennett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a bricklayer
. On Saturday evening, the 6th of June, I lost my watch. I was at the Lyceum theatre


. I went there about eight o'clock in the evening. I had occasion to return out of the theatre between that and half past eight, and when I had got to the bottom of the stair-case there were a quantity of people assembled, to get in at the half-price. I was obstructed by the prisoner. I could not get past him. I, from that, supposed there was something going on which ought not to be. I put my hand down, and found my watch gone. I then took the prisoner by the collar. He had then got the ribbon of the watch in his hand. I saw him let it fall on the pavement. I took him across to the public-house, and when I got to the public-house I reflected, and I thought I should get into a great deal of trouble, as I had got my watch again I let him go.
Q. Are you sure he is the same man - A. I have no doubt but he is the same person.
Q. How came he to be taken up afterwards - A. He was met by the constable. Though I let him go he was taken upon my charge.
MR. HAZARD. I was in the passage of the Lyceum theatre, in order to go in with the half-price people. I perceived Mr. Bennett coming down stairs. Some people asked him if there was any room. The prisoner thrusted him back towards the gallery stairs. I took notice of the prisoner's transactions. I was close at his elbow. I saw him take the watch from the prosecutor, and hold it in his hand. He had it in his hand when I laid hold of the collar of his coat; upon which he dropped the watch from his hand instantly. The prosecutor and me took him to a public-house opposite, in order to procure a constable. It was some few minutes before a constable came. The prosecutor let him go, as he had his property; and about the middle of Catherine-street the boys were crying out, thief. The constable took him. I am sure he is the same man. I did not lose sight of him from the corner of Exeter-street, until I saw him taken in Catherine-street.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
