





466. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES EDWARD 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of January
, awatch, value 30 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dunkin
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DUNKIN
               



            . I live in St. James's-street


; I keep a watch-maker's shop
. I know the watch was missing from my shop on the 17th of January. I saw the watch in the shop in the fore part of the day. After the theft was committed, I was sent for, by 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Shadwell
               



             my shopman.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHADWELL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dunkin.
Q. Do you recollect in January last, any watch being missed from his shop - A. I do; to the best of my recollection, it was on Monday, the 17th of January, about a quarter past seven in the evening, I was alone in the shop; the prisoner came into the shop; I am certain it was the prisoner. He came into the shop, and asked me if we had a silver chronometer; I told him we had, and handed him one from the drawer of the iron chest, under the counter. He looked at the silver chronometer, and asked my opinion of it. He wished to know the difference between a gold and silver chronometer; I asked him if he wanted a watch for nautical purposes. I then showed him a gold watch. A second person came into the shop, and asked me if I had a silver watch at two pound five shillings, or two two pound ten shillings; I told him I had. He said he was in an hurry. I went to reach a silver watch, and the prisoner darted out of the shop, with the gold watch in his hand. I rushed from behind the counter, but was somewhat impeded by the second man; that man hindered me. I run on the pavement; I was not able to pursue the prisoner, on account of leaving a stranger in the shop. I might have overtaken him, but I must have left the shop to the stranger. The prisoner was in the shop six or seven minutes; we had two lamps and two candles. I had a very good light. I have no doubt of his person. It is now some time ago, since the 17th of January. The moment I saw him again, I had no doubt of his person.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord and gentlemen of the jury, it is an extreme hard case having no solicitor to defend me in this awful predicament; I shall regret it as long as I live. To be tried by a jury of my own country is a gratifying thing. Now, gentlemen, an individual has sworn to me, and another persists in swearing to me on former occasions; they said, they did think it was me. The worthy alderman told them they must not give belief, it was a cruel thing to deprive an individual of a character. Now, gentlemen of the jury; standing as I do, it may be construed that I feel hardened; believe me, I have no such a disposition. I am innocent. I am compelled by my God and my country to say, that the stranger who came into the shop might have done the act, and I myself, am to be made the sacrifice. I shall depend upon whatever your verdict may be; I shall never complain. I have myself, sat in your capacity. But whenever a doubt arose, I always leaned to the side of mercy.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26,
Of stealing, out not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
