






191. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MOULD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
, twenty-two pieces of marble stone, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Goring
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GORING
               



            . I am a statuary and mason
, I live in the Kent-road


. The prisoner quitted my employ in the month of November last. On Saturday the 7th of December my premises were locked up safe by Williams my servant: my premises are a workshop and warehouse, and the marble chimney pieces were then safe on the premises.
Q. Did you in fact miss the marble - A. I missed part of three marble chimney pieces, more than twenty pieces, of the value of twenty pounds.
Q. Did you see the prisoner afterwards - A. I met him on the Tuesday morning in the Kent-road, he told me he worked for Mr. Marshall at Westminster. I afterwards found these marbles in the possion of Mr. Markey, and then I took the prisoner in custody.
Q. How many pieces did you find at Mr. Markey's - A. All the pieces but one, they are the same that I lost; I can speak to the marble. I put some of it together with my own hands.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a servant to the last witness. On the night of the 7th of December I shut up my master's premises, and the chimney pieces were all safe. When I went on the Monday I found the lock hanging on the staple, and the door broken open, I missed the marble chimney pieces.


                  PHILIP 
                  MARKEY
               



            . I live in Gloucester-place.
Q. Did Barnes and the prisoner call upon you - A. Yes.
Q. When did you see the prisoner - A. I saw him go to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Barnes
               



            .


                  HENRY 
                  BARNES
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, he called on me in December, I do not recollect the day of the month; I was engaged as foreman; I knew Moulds the prisoner when he was an apprentice. When Moulds called upon me I and Mr. Markey was at a public-house, we all had some porter together. In the course of conversation Moulds asked me where it was likely for him to get sale for marble chimney pieces; I said I did not know any likelier place than about that quarter that I was employed in, there were so many builders to purchase; the prisoner went away. I saw the prisoner again on the week following, we went over to Lisson Grove where the prisoner was at work; Mr. Markey expressed a wish to see the chimney-pieces, he agreed to go with the prisoner and to see the chimney-pieces. We went into Locks fields, I saw the chimney-pieces, Mr. Markey and the prisoner agreed for the price; this was on Thursday, on Saturday Mr. Mackey was to send a cart, and on the Friday before that Saturday they were brought and delivered into the shop; I was not present; when I came home I found them in Mr. Markey's shop.
Q. Do you mean those things that are now produced and claimed by Goring - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARKEY
               



            . Q. Did you see the prisoner at your brother's house last December - A. Yes, he brought some marble chimney pieces in a cart into my brother's yard.
Q. Who unloaded the cart - A. Mould; I was in the shop at the time, I saw the prisoner unload the cart; there were two other men assisting the prisoner. This is part of the marble that he brought; I am sure that the prisoner is one of the men that came with the cart.
Q. Did you see the prisoner before the justice - A. I did, and I spoke with certainly to him.


                  PHILIP 
                  MARKEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner when he called on my man Barnes, I did not then attend to what he said. On the Thursday following we went over to see the chimney pieces; this was Thursday, he was taken up on the Monday. Barnes, him, and me went to inspect these chimney-pieces, it was a long way from the other side of Westminster bridge; he shewed me the chimney-pieces, he asked Barnes in my hearing what they were worth, if he thought they were worth twelve pounds; I said I thought they were; Barnes said, there is Ellison's cart; I said, that will bring them over on the Saturday.
Q. Was it proposed that you should send the cart and bring them away - A. Saturday was mentioned. On the Friday they were brought over in my absence; on Saturday morning I found they were on my premises.
Q. Are they the same chimney pieces that you saw on Mould's premises - A. I believe them to be the same.
Prisoners Defence. I was at Mr. Markey's yard on the Friday, I borrowed a shovel and returned it again at night. That is all I have to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
