





138. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of September
, a snuff box, value 1 s. a silver salt spoon, value 1 s. 6 d a pair of nut crackers, value 6 d. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. two keys, value 1 d. and two candles, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John
                  
                  Lemay
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEMAY
               



            . I keep the Commercial coffee house in the parish of Stepney




. The prisoner had been my servant
 about nine months. On Sunday the 10th of December I brought Mr. Gotty home to my house, and when the prisoner came home Mr. Gotty told her that her mistress had lost several articles, suspicion fell on her; he begged to know of her whether she knew any thing of a salt spoon and a snuff box, she denied any knowledge of them; he said I shall search your box; oh! said she, then I know, there are some articles in my box of my mistress's, but I do not know how they came there. We then went up and searched her box, there was a pair of nut crackers, a silver salt spoon, a snuff box two mould candles, and the key of my drawer, in which I keep my copper money, and a pocket handkerchief of mine. We enquired generally through the house about the key of the copper drawer, and she must have heard of it. She said the candles she put in the chest, having found them in the cupboard in her room, for fear if her mistress saw them might think she had done something improper with them. We found more than five shillings worth of halfpence in her box; the key was in her box. She was then taken in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames police. I was in the house when the prisoner came in, I told her that the mistress had lost several articles, particularly a silver salt spoon; I asked her if she knew any thing of them, she said she did not; I said I must look in your box; she said, oh! then I know there are some things of my mistress's in my box, but I do not know how they came there, my box is always open. I went up stairs, the key was in her box; I found in the box a silver salt spoon, a japan tin snuff box, a pair of nut crackers, and a pocket handkerchief; Mrs. Lemay was standing by, she said, that handkerchief is mine; the prisoner said, I know it is, but it came with my things from the manglers; I then found two mould candles, she said that she had put them in the box herself, she had found them in the cupboard, and fearing her mistress should suspect her, she put them in the box; the were also four wine glasses, but Mr. Lemay not being certain of them I have not brought them; there were two keys, I particularly asked her where they belonged to; she declared she did not know nothing of them. After the first examination I shewed the key to Mr. Lemay, he said that was the key of his cupboard; I went and fetched the box to the magistrate and unlocked it in her presence, and took out five shillings and five pence in copper; that key I found fitted the lock of the copper drawer, and the other key fitted the till drawer.
Prosecutor. The second key I received from 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Reeves
               



            , that belonged to my desk.


                  SARAH 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lemay. On the night that Gotty took the prisoner into custody I made the bed, I found the key in her pocket under the pillow, and there was a pocket handkerchief also.
Prisoner's Defence. In the first place, my box was open, Mrs. Lemay had been to my box before the officer had been to it. In the next place, after they searched the room, I said to them, would you like to look under the bed, Mrs. Lemay said, no, there is no occasion for that, Sarah has made the bed, there is nothing there. After I went away I left the key in my box; on the following day my master brought me the key of my box. On Wednesday 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Reeves
               



             was brought up, she then said she had found a key and a pocket handkerchief in my pockets, under the bolster, on the Sunday evening; when it had been said there was nothing there, and now she says she found it there. Concerning the salt spoon, we had two young women lived in the house before I came, one of them young women lost the salt spoon, she was willing to pay for it. With respect to the snuff box I saw in my mistress's mother's hands, her name is Page; and as to the keys I never heard they were lost, nor do I know where they came from; they were laying about for two months before this; I never knew where they belonged to. The candles I acknowledge putting them in my box, but I did not know how they came in the cupboard, but seeing them there I put them in my box, for fear my mistress should think it was my doings. The key that my master alludes to, of the copper drawer, is in a room that is never left alone; if master or mistress goes out of it they always turn the key of the door, which my master will say as well as myself.


                  HARRIET 
                  BOWSIER
               



            . I lived with Mr. Lemay three or four months. The salt spoon I dropped out of the tablecloth in the kitchen about three weeks or a month before I left my place.
Q. You never put it in the prisoner's box, did you - A. No.
Q. Did she ever tell you that she had the salt spoon in her box - A. No. If I had known it had been in her box I should have asked her for it.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
