





1496. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hunt
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 1s.; 6s., in monies numbered, and one bill of exchange, for payment of and value 95l. 12s., his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HUNT
               



            . I live in Wilson-street, Finsbury-square, and am a traveller and commission agent
. On the 29th of October, I had been at the Coach and Horses, in Coleman-street. About eleven o'clock at night I was returning home-my pocket-book was in my outside coat pocket, it contained a bill of exchange for 95l. 12s., drawn by Hooling of Liverpool, on George Oliphant, of Manchester, payable at Lowden's Watling-street - my money was loose in my waistcoat pocket. I was rather intoxicated and lost my pocket-book. I have never found the bill since.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q, You was intoxicated - A. Yes. I do not know when I lost it - I had it safe between nine and ten o'clock at the public-house.


                  JOHN 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I am watchman of Coleman-street


, saw the prosecutor coming down on the right hand side of the street, about one hundred yards from the Coach and Horses, very much intoxicated-three persons were leading him along, whom I suspected-the prisoner was one of them; he had hold of his right arm. I crossed over opposite to them, that they might not see me. They got to the Corner of London-wall-Hunt-tried to go towards Fore-street - they dragged him down London-wall. I immediately ran round Fore-street, and met them at the other end. I concealed myself in a doorway, and saw them all three, they were still with the prosecutor - one of them took him by the neck, and pushed him against the wall, the other two rifled his pockets - I heard silver rattle, which they took out of his pockets. They then took him as far as the Castle Inn, Moorgate, and left him-they then came back to where they had robbed him- I heard them with the money - I thought they were dividing it - They were all stooping. Just at that time Acott came up, I told him to wait while I ran round. Before I got half round, Acott fell on them-one of them ran by me. Acott called out Stop thief! I followed him-he knocked me down, and ran away. I saw the other two run towards Moorfields. I pursued and the prisoner was taken - I am sure he was one of them. I picked up the pocket-book within twenty yards of where the robbery was committed.
Q. At the time you saw the three men with the prosecutor was anybody else in sight - A. No; there were nothing but papers in the pocket-book when I found it-it laid open, and the cards and papers were laying loosely by it in the kennel
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. Yes-It was a dark night- I saw them rifling his pockets. The pocket-book was tied round with a piece of tape.
JOHN GIRTON. I am a police officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house-the last witness gave me the pocket-book; soon afterwards I found the tape under a lamp, between Moorfields and Coleman-street; it appeared to have been torn off the book.
(Pocket-book sworn to.)
CHRISTOPHER ACOTT. I am a patrol. On the 29th of October, about eleven o'clock at night, I was standing onthe pavement at Moorgate, Markwell came to me-he appeared alarmed, and pointed to the corner of Moorgate, leading to Coleman-street. I went to the corner, and saw the prisoner and two others - I did not see the prosecutor, they must have left him. They were close together, with their heads stooping against the wall, and looking over some papers - I saw what they were after, and thought they had drawn somebody, and were taking stock. I sprung upon them, asked them what they were about, and collared two of them-the prisoner was one of them, I knew him before. The third man drew back, and was in the act of throwing something towards Coleman-street. I thought it was a blow levelled at me, and drew the prisoner round to meet it to save myself - He immediately came closer, and a general scuffle ensued; nobody came to my assistance, and they got away. I called out Stop thief! and followed them to the corner, and finding a blow which I had received on the head affected me, I stopped. In about five minutes the prisoner was brought to me - I am sure he is the man I took before. When I gave up the pursuit I returned to the spot where I saw them together, and picked up some papers, which the prosecutor claimed-the prisoner was taken to the watch-house. I got a light, went out to the spot again, and picked up a piece of red tape, and a pattern of calico, which the prosecutor also claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. You said "they had drawn somebody, and were taking stock" - A. It is a common expression.
ROBERT HUNT re-examined. The papers and pattern were in my pocket-book.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came by, and jumped over the rails into Moorfields - I pursued and took him.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the alarm, and ran with the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
