







999. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONGRESE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     RABNETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of September, one wooden till, value 2 s. four pounds in copper monies numbered, and one key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Doyle
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I am a publican
, and keep the King's Head


. I remember the two prisoners being in my house on the 20th of September; they were in company with each other; my till was in the bar; I don't know exactly what money was in it; when it was full, it contained between four and five pounds in halfpence. It was full that night. There was a gold ring in the till, and a key. I cannot swear positively to the quantity of halfpence; I am sure there was more than forty shillings, that I can swear, I was called into the parlour, and left the bar for a moment; and on my return, the lights were out. There were a candle and a lamp, and they were both extinguished. The male prisoner was gone, and Sarah Rabnett remained; I gave her in charge to the watchman, and she was taken to the watchhouse. I should tell you, I found my till gone, and all the contents. Soon after the charge was taken, the watchman brought in the till, empty; it had been found in the street. I went to Worship street the next morning to support the charge against the female prisoner. The man was brought in on the information of a witness who will appear.


                  JAMES 
                  SANTER
               



            . I was at the King's Head on the night of the robbery; I went in for a pint of porter. The female prisoner had a glass in her hand, serving liquor round. The glass was broken, and they insisted on my paying half towards replacing it; I had not money enough about me, and I went home to get four-pence; on my coming in the second time with four-pence in my hand, the woman put out the candle, which was on the counter in the bar; the landlord was not then in the bar. I laid hold of the candle to go and get a light; and when I was coming out with a light, I saw the man at the bar, jump over the counter, out of the bar, and run out at the door.


                  JAMES 
                  ROACHE
               



            . I live in Cow-cross. On the night of the robbery, I was going into Mr. Doyle's, and as I went in, I met the prisoner Congrese coming out with something in the form of a till under his left arm; I knew there was some copper in it, but I don't know how much; I saw them inside the till. He ran right against me; I seized him with my right hand, and he seized me back handed, and shoved me into the passage, and so got off. I have known him this twelvemonth back.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a watchman. I found the till empty in the street. The female prisoner was in the watchhouse when I went there with the till.


                  JOHN 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am headborough of the parish of St. Luke's. I was sent for to take Congrese into custody, on the 21st; Roache said, he was the man who ran away with the till.


                  RICHARD 
                  LONG
               



            . I am an officer of St. Luke's. I was at the watchhouse when the female prisoner was brought in.
Congrese's Defence. It is impossible for me to have committed the robbery, and I most solemnly deny before God that I ever committed it. If I had been the man that stole the till, I would not have gone into the prosecutor's house the next morning after the robbery.
CONGRESE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RABNETT, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               




