






311. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ABREY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MAYO
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, two blankets, value 30s.; and one looking-glass, value 20s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sykes
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SYKES
               



            . I keep the Catharine-wheel, public-house, in Bishopsgate-street
, in December last, I was furnishing a house at Newington. On the 20th of October, I had information of the robbery, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, and found several more things tied up ready to be taken away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARE
               



            . I am a headborough of Shorediteh. On the 20th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was going up the City-road; I met the two prisoners, each of them had a bundle under his arm, they saw me, and threw the bundle down and run away; I called for assistance, and pursued them until they were taken; one of them threw a dark lanthorn out of his pocket, and there was a bundle of matches picked up; I took Mayo to the watch-house, and took a turn-screw from his pocket, his other pocket was turned inside out, as if he had shook the lanthorn out of it; I found the bundles to be two blankets and a looking-glass. Abery broke out of the watch-house the same day; I took him again on the 24th. I am sure they are the men that I saw with the bundles.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Mayo was let at large becaute the other could not be found.
JAMES CORCORAN. I am a headborough. On the 20th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, my brother officer gave me the signal, I saw the prisoner running; I picked up the property, and found an iron crowbar near to where the property laid, I am sure they are the men.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ABERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
MAYO - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
