





780. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  INWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Butler
                        




                     
                  , one book, value 1s. one purse, value 2s. three ten pound bank-notes, four five pound bank-notes, and ten one pound bank-notes
            , his property.
JAMES BUTLER. I had the care of about two hundred and fifty pigs, leaving Bristol; I sold about twenty of them coming along the road, and on the other side of Staines


, I saw the prisoner, who accosted me; I had about sixty pounds about me. The prisoner was present at the sale of a tired pig of mine, and I believe there, he saw my money; I had two assistants to help me to drive my pigs. I fell into conversation with the prisoner; I got tired, and he told me I had better sit down on the road side, and rest myself; and a coach or chaise would presently come past; he knew all the drivers, and he would get me a lift; I might get on a coach, and overtake my men with the pigs. I was induced to sit down by the road side, I fell asleep; the prisoner awakened me when a coach came up. I did not get into the coach, but I afterwards got into a waggon; the prisoner would not get in; after that I missed my money; I sent work back to Staines, and the next day the prisoner was apprehended.


                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am one of the horse patroles, belonging to Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner in a gig, on the day after the robbery; 
               
                  William 
                  Lloyd
               



            , and Mr. Wright were in the gig. I took the prisoner into custody. I got a book, which was dropped by the prisoner, and which belongs to the prosecutor, and he said he had thrown the money out of the gig, as he came along.


                  JAMES 
                  DINGLE
               



            , I am one of the horse patroles. I saw the prisoner drop that book out of the gig. None of the money has been recovered.
GEORGE PEARCE. I picked the book up. I saw the prisoner the night before with a good deal of paper in a green silk netted purse; he treated me. He was with a woman.


                  JAMES 
                  PEVEV
               



            . I am a linen draper at Staines. The prisoner bought goods to the amount of five pounds, four shillings and ten pence, at my father's shop, on the 2nd of July. There was a woman with him.
James Butler. I had that book in my possession; it is a 
               
                  Roman 
                  Catholic
               



             prayer book; my purse was a green silk netted purse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
