






313. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRETTIE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, 750lbs. weight of Cork, value 30l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hankinson
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HANKINSON
               



            . I am a cork-cutter
, and live in London-wall. On the 7th of January, I bought thirteen bundles of cork of Mr. Hicks, who gave me leave to put them in his warehouse; I went with the carman to deliver it, and put it in his warehouse and locked the door about noon, with a padlock; I heard it was taken afterwards, I went and missed seven bundles, which was worth 30l.


                  THOMAS 
                  EATON
               



            . I saw both the prisoners on the 9th of January, in Wood's-buildings, Whitechapel, which is about half a mile from Mr. Hicks's; the prisoner, Robinson, told me, he had gone to the Docks at seven o'clock in the morning, when he thought it was eight.


                  HENRY 
                  BUCKHAM
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Prettie, that morning, in Wood's-buildings, Whitechapel, where he lived; he was removing cork from his own place to a shed some distance from the court, between ten and eleven o'clock, I told Mr. Hicks of it; about five minutes afterwards, I returned with Mr. Hicks; I then saw Prettie carrying a large bag of cork under his arm.


                  CHARLES 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a cork merchant. On the 17th of January, I sold the prosecutor thirteen bundles of cork, it was put in my warehouse, some of it being stolen, I sent for the prisoner, Robinson, I afterwards saw him burning cork behind the London Hospital, another man was with him; I told him, it was the cork that I had lost, and asked him where he got it, and who he bought it from; he said he bought it of me; and after some hesitation, he said, it was the cork of the Francis ship; I said, it was the Eliza cork, it was a different sort from the Francis, and that he only bought two bundles of the Francis; he said, he had three bundles of the Francis, and this was the best of it; I told him, I could not believe but it was my cork, and I found a piece, and told him, it could not be the Francis's cork; they still persisted in burning it, and the other man said, it was a piece which he had cut a fortnight ago; I said, it was the Eliza cork, and that it was fresh cut. Robinson advised me to let the matter rest for a few days, and I should be more likely to find it out. I described the cork to my son, and told him to go and search all round to the cork-cutters; they were burning it near Prettie's house. I went to Prettie's house with the last witness about half an hour afterwards, and we found about four hundred weight of cork, laying in a shed there. I saw Pettie coming from his own house with a bag full of the cork, which he put into the shed; I asked him where he got it, and told him that it was taken out of my warehouse; he said, if I would come down into the kitchen, he would shew me the remainder, and tell me all about it; I went with him, he shewed me the cork, and told me, that Robinson had brought it to him about seven o'clock in the morning; he said, he brought seven bundles in a cart, about seven o'clock in the morning; he said, he did not know that it was stolen, I asked him, why he was getting it out of his house; he said, because Robinson had been back within the last half hour, and told him it was stolen, and to get it away; he was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Cork is a difficult article to indentify in general. I bought the whole cargo of the Eliza; I have sold cork to Robinson; I did not sell him any of the Eliza cork.
Cross-examined by MR. WALPOLE. Prettie said, he had it from Robinson; the shed was a great way from his house.


                  HENRY 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am the son of the last witness. When the prisoner, Robinson, bought the Francis cork, I delivered it to him; he told me afterwards, that he had cut it all up, it was not the same cork as the 
               Eliza. I
             saw Robinson about eight o'clock in the morning, walking towards the field where the cork was burning; I told my father of it; I found the warehouse door lock broken between seven and eight o'clock, it was a pandlock. I had put it on the door about ten o'clock the night before, because the other had been broken, and in the morning I found that broken, and the property gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOORHOUSE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners, I asked Robinson, how he came to break the warehouse open; he said, he was very sorry for Prettie, as he had nothing to do with it; I found some cork at Robinson's, and some at Prettie's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PRETTIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Confined One Year
            , and 



               Fined One Shilling
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
