





1163. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Burt
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of nine in the night of the 23rd of October
, and for burglariously stealing therein, seven sheets, value 14s. five napkins, value 2s. 6d. three petticoats, value 6s. three shifts, value 6s. pair of stockings, value 1s. and an apron, value 6d. her property
            .


                  JANE 
                  BURT
               



            . My house was broken open about nine o'clock, on the 23rd of October, forced open with a crow, and the things mentioned in the indictment were stolen. I had been away from my house about ten days or a fortnight, and in the interim it had been robbed of property to the amount of about sixty pounds.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLNER
               



            . On the night in question, I saw the prisoner on Mrs. Burt's garden wall, and another man preceded him with a bundle under his arm, they got off that wall, which was about four feet from the ground, and they went along a piece of ground belonging to the East India Dock Company, to some paling, about eight feet high. I never lost sight of them until they got to the paling; then the prisoner struggled up the pales; then I approached the prisoner, and stopped him, and said hallo, what have you got here; then the other man came up, and as he opened his coat, I saw the but end of a pistol, and I said you villian. if you draw another inch, I will cut you down with my cutlass. I immediately called out for assistance, but could get none. The other man made a run, and I took the prisoner to our night officer. When I examined the house, the brick work was cut away from the front door; there was a glass door inside, and there were two squares of glass cut away from the wood work, and the locks were wrenched back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWER
               



            . I am an officer of the East India Docks. When I came from the docks between four and five in the evening of the 23rd of October, I heard that the door of Mrs. Burt's house was broken open. I got into the house, and I found three or four bricks cut out of the wall, by which means a crow had been put in, and the door forced open; on a round table there were four glasses, each full of wine, with a newspaper to each glass. There were two large trunks which had been gutted, and were cut all down to the bottom. In fact the place was intirely plundered.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
