





46. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  LESUREE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of November
, a feather bed, value 2 l. a bolster. value 7 s. two blankets, value 2 s. a pair of sheets, value 2 s. and a coverlid, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Pocock
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .
SARAH POCOCK. My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pocock
               



            ; he is a plaisterer
. I live at No. 10, Turk-street, Bethnal-green


. He keeps the whole house. He lets out two rooms in lodgings. I let the prisoner a furnished room. She is a married woman
. Her husband is at sea. She has one child. She is a weaveress. She said, she had no work. She worked at her brothers, winding of quills
. She had the front room, one pair. She was to pay five shillings a week. She came on the 10th of November.
Q. How long did she stay - A. She was in the room about three hours.
Q. Did she ever lay there - A. No. The feather-bed, bolster, a pair of sheets, blankets, and cover-lid, was part of the furniture in the room let to her. She came about the room on the 10th of November, She agreed for the price five shillings a week. She did not stay in the room above three hours, and all the things were gone. I had been out to my mothers, and on returning home I saw the window open. We opened the door, and found the things gone. By enquiry I found her at Bethnal-green poor-house, and she owned that she took the things. She came in about half after four o'clock in the afternoon, and between ten and eleven we entered the room.
MARIA CRANE. I was in the house at the time that the prisoner took the room. She went up in the room; she liked it exceeding well. She said, she would go, and let her husband know. She came on the Thursday following. She said, her husband was a narrow weaver. She went and fetched an old tea-chest. She said, she brought a small parcel to begin with. Her husband would bring the rest. We gave her clean sheets. When it came dark she came down, and said she was going for a candle. We lent her a brass candlestick. She came down at seven o'clock.

Q. 
            Which way did the things go - A. Through the window. I was in the house the whole time. The things did not come down stairs; they went out of the window. Nobody could come in without we let them in and out. I am positive no person was in there at all but the prisoner. She left the door fastened when she went out.


                  JANE 
                  HARPER
               



            . I went to the poor-house, and asked the prisoner to own to the bed. I asked her whether it was pledged. She said, no; she sold it for two pounds. I am not positive whether she said she sold altogether for two pounds, or the bed only.
MRS. DRAKE. I heard the prisoner say that she parted with the bed in Winfield-street, for two pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Drake promised to forgive me if I would own to stealing the bed.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
