






117. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILPOT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AMER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
His Majesty




                  , and fixed in a fence belonging to him
            .
Counsel for the Prosecution, MR. ALLEY.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  GEORGE 
                  SLADE
               



            . I am a labourer to the Trust at Hampton Court Palace


. A pump was stolen from the mews


 on Sunday, the 28th of November, in the morning, which belonged to the King. I saw it again on Tuesday. The prisoners were then in custody, with a cart; 
               
                  John 
                  Philpot
               



            's name was on the cart - it was his.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a plumber, and employed at the works at Hampton Court. I compared the pump with the part remaining - it matched exactly. I took the remaining piece from the ground, and matched it in the cart. It was fixed against the fence.
GEORGE MASTERS. I was employed to watch the place where the pump was concealed, which was behind a hay-rick in a meadow, about three hundred yards from where it was stolen. On Tuesday, about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners and two other persons come in a cart; one get out of the cart, went to the place, returned to the cart, and then drove on. I followed and stopped it in less than five minutes. I found the prisoners in the cart with this pump and five other pumps - it weighed 100 lbs. I secured them.
PHILPOT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
AMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
