






560. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, one hundred and twenty-nine yards of printed cotton, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Birt
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FORD
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Birt
               



            , linen-draper
, 8, Russell-street, Covent Garden


. On the 25th of February, about ten o'clock in the morning, I saw six pieces of print tied fast to a chair before our door; I went out, and I heard some boys say that the men that took the print were taken to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , Bow-street; I went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , and saw the prints and the two prisoners.
MR. GASKINS. On the 25th of February, I was going along Wild-street; I saw the two prisoners with a bundle, and a great number of persons after them; they turned up. Orange-street, ran into an empty house; they came out again without the bundle, and went away. I then went up to Bow-street, I met Dickens, the officer; I told him; he said, he would go with me if I would shew him the house; I took him to the house, and in the dust hole, there were six pieces of print; on our leaving there to go to Bow-street, I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            : I am sure he is one of them; when I saw Brown, he was disguised; I was not so sure of him.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  SCRIVEN
               



            . I saw the two prisoners go up Wild-street; a mob of people followed them; I was looking at them; they turned up Orange-court, went into an empty house with the prints; they staid there a bit, and came out without it. When the officer took the property, the officer asked if any body knew them; I said, I did; I went with the officer. I am sure the two prisoners are the men.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DICKENS
               



            . I am an officer. Gaskins came and informed me he saw 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



             go into an empty house with the prints that I produce; I found the prints in the dust hole of No. 3, Orange-court.
Ford. These are the six pieces of print that we had in the chair before the door; they are Mr. Birt's property.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
