






84. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEPHENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of December
, 10 lb. weight of salt-petre, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maud
                  




               
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Arabin, and the case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  ROBERT 
                  BIGGAR
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  John 
                  Maud
               



            , he is a chemist
 in Aldersgate-street


. The two prisoner's were in the employ of Mr. Maud; their constant employ was in the salt-petre room

. On the 21st of December, about four o'clock, the two prisoners were coming out together to get their beer; I saw them; I staid away from the Exchange, in consequence of suspicion, to watch them; they went out of the laboratory, I stopped them in Mr. Maud's premises, and told them I had something to say to them; they followed me; when I got them up stairs, I sent for Cartwright the officer. Mr. Maud was present; he told them he suspected they had robbed the premises; they hung their heads and said nothing. Cartright came; they were searched; he found a piece of saltpetre in each of their hats. Connor said, he was sorry he had done it; and Stephens expressed sorrow; I do not particularly remember what he said.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . Q. You are a marshal-man of the city. - A. Yes; I was sent for; I went up into the room, the two prisoners were present; I took Stephens's hat out of his hand; I felt his hat very heavy. I said, Mr. Maud, there is something in it; I searched further and took out this salt-petre; and in Connor's hat, which he had put on the table, was this piece of salt-petre; I weighed them, one piece is five pound weight; and the other is five pound and a half. Connor and Stephens begged for mercy; Mr. Maud said, he had lost so much, he could think nothing at all of it. I handcuffed them and took them to the counter.
Q. to Biggar. What quantity is there of this. - A. About five pound weight in each, worth about ten shillings. Stephens's sole employ was in cutting the salt-petre out of the crystals.
Connor's Defence. I lived eighteen years with Mr. Maud, and during them eighteen years, he gave me a very good character; I have been away from him, and only lived with him two years this last time. I superintended the laboratory for Mr. Biggar, for twelve years; and I have had the care of some thousand pounds; I behaved as an honest man all the time. I asked my mate to give me a piece of salt-petre, it was to give to a friend. Mr. Biggar knows me, he can give me a good character.
Stephens said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
Conner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
CONNER 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.
STEPHENS 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
