





1472. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM FIELD 
                     FIDLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling the sum of 7 l. 13 s., which he had received on account of 
                     
                        George Lay 
                        Hale
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Drain
                        



                     
                  , his masters


.
GEORGE LAY HALE. I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Drain
               



            ; we are spice-merchants

, and live in Little East Cheap - the prisoner came into our service about eighteen months ago; a few months after that, I entrusted him to receive money on our account. Mr. Hagger, of Oxford-street, owed us 7 l. 13 s. I sent Norman, my shopman, round with some unpaid bills. About twenty days after the 22d of August, I inquired if the prisoner had received this debt? he said he had. He should have accounted for it on the Saturday after he received it, he never did account for it.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You told him if he would confess and give security, nothing should happen - A. No. I spoke to him on the Friday following about it. He enters in a book what he receives - I have his book here, Hagger's name is not in it; he paid me no money after the 27th. On the Friday, when he came, I asked him if he had received it? he said,
"I did." I said,
"Why did you not account for it?" he said,
"I will explain it;" he said he would write it down. I handed him a pen and ink, he did not write. I told him I was going round to the customers, and should be sorry to apply for money which had been received; he said he wished to go with me. We went out together - I said,
"Now explain it;" he said,
"Don't you recollect my losing my pocketbook?" I said that was in February last. He said that in that pocket-book he lost 59 l., which he had received. I said,
"Of whom did you receive it?" he said he had it down in a book. He went home and brought me a book, which had several sums of money in it, but not this. He said he received one person's money, and paid for it by another, but that could not be the case.
Q. How long after that did he remain in your service - A. Not an hour; I suffered him to go about his business, to clear himself if he could, not to procure security. He was at large three weeks, during which time I requestedhim to come to me, but he would not, and I had him secured.
Q. What sum had he received - A. Sixty or seventy pounds. If I had found he had received the money, and lost it, I should have considered him unfortunate.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGGER
               



            . I live in Oxford-street. On the 27th of August I paid the prisoner 7 l. 13 s. on account of Messrs. Hale and Drain - I gave him 7 l. in notes and the rest in silver. About three weeks afterwards another servant applied for it - I produced the memorandum the prisoner gave me - it was on a Saturday.


                  JOHN 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am collecting clerk to the prosecutors. In September last Mr. Hale sent me to Mr. Hagger for 7 l. 13 s. - I found it had been paid before.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there not an account opened in the ledger to the prisoner - A. I never saw it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
