






802. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEPHERD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April

, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dyter
                        



                     
                  , one shawl, value 5s.; one handkerchief, value 2d.; his property; one watch, value 25s.; one chain, value 6d.; one key, value 1d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Hattersley
                        



                     
                  ; and two 1l. bank notes
            , the property of the said 
               
                  John 
                  Dyter
               



            ;and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     REID
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, one shawl, value 5s., part of the same goods, she knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  ESTHER 
                  DVTER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Dyter
               



            ; we live at Hampstead



. On the 26th of April, I had been out, and returned at seven o'clock in the evening, and missed the property - I had seen it all safe at five o'clock when I left home. I saw my watch again at Marlborough-street. The prisoner, Reid, was at the office, among the crowd, and I recognized my shawl on her back. I did not know either of the prisoners. A man of the name of Turner had been at my house that day, and the prisoner, Shepherd, with him - They left at three o'clock. I did not see them after they went away.
ESTHER DYTER. I am the daughter of the last witness. Turner and the prisoner, Shepherd, were at my mother's. I was not at home when they left. My mother went out at five o'clock, and in about a quarter of an hour, I met Turner just by - We walked together till we got to our house. I then saw Shepherd come out of our yard, and join Turner - I saw no more of them - I went in. I am sure Shepherd is the man. I found the window pulled in - I missed the watch and money.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, St. Giles's. On the 6th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, Shepherd, pledged a watchwith me in his own name-on the Monday Mr. Dyter claimed it, and in the evening Shepherd came again to sell the watch to a man. I questioned him about it - He said that he bought it at Plymouth. The watch is worth 20s. or 25s.
JOHN NICHOLS. I went to Brooks's, with Shepherd, to buy the watch - He asked me to buy it.


                  ESTHER 
                  DYTER
               



            . I did not see my money safe after they left.
SHEPHERD'S Defence. I was desired to pledge the watch by Turner.
SHEPHERD - GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
REID-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
