






1076. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  DUKES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, one tea spoon, value 4s.; two bottles, value 4d.; one pint of spruce beer, value 6d., and 1lb., of cheese, value 11d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jost
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  JOST
               



            . I am a widow
, and live at the corner of King Edward-street, in Bridewell Precinct


. I keep a chandler's shop
. On the 28th of August, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoners, and another boy, came into my shop for a bottle of spruce beer and some bread, when I was going to draw the beer they said they would not have it, and began to push each other about; Dukes pushed the boy who has escaped into the parlour; my tea-spoons were on the table, he took them off, and while I went into the parlour I saw Jones take the spruce beer and cheese off the counter, and all three ran out; I ran after them, calling out stop thief, but they got away-in a few minutes Mr. Smith brought the prisoners back. I found the cheese in the road.


                  THOMAS 
                  OAK SMITH
               



            . I am a glass merchant. I saw the two prisoners in Bridge-street, opposite King Edward-street; Mrs. Jost said her shop had been robbed, I followed the prisoners, and heard one of them say, "which way did he run?" the other said, "what a crowd there is round the door." I seized them, and asked where the third boy was, who had got the spoons? they said they did not know him. I said they were in company with him.
JONES'S Defence. I knocked down the cheese, and ran away.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
DUKES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
