






292. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, thirty yards of muslin, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Vipond
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Rimington
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  RIMINGTON
               



            . I am a linen-draper

. My partner's name is 
               
                  George 
                  Vipond
               



            , 29, Ludgate-hill, in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate


.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am one of the servants to 
               
                  George 
                  Vipond
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Rimington
               



            . On the 22d of January, both the prisoners came into the shop together. Smith asked for sprigged muslins. I shewed them some. I asked six shillings a yard; they bid me five shillings a yard. They one asked the other, and they said five shillings was enough. I told them I could not take that price. They left the shop without buying.
Q. Was there a number of pieces of muslin on the counter - A. Yes, there were. After they were gone I counted the muslins over. I missed two pieces. I told one of the young men. He desired me to go after them. I looked out at the door; I could not see anything of them, and after I turned round they came into the shop again. They asked for the muslins they were looking at before. I shewed them the muslins, and while they were looking at them I saw the prisoner, Smith, take something off the counter, and put under her cloak.
Q. Did you actually see her removing them - A. I did. They each of them bought, and paid for what they bought. Smith bought four yards at six shillings, and White bought half a yard at five shillings. After they had paid for what they bought they left the shop.
Q. How near was White to Smith when you saw her in the act of putting something under her cloak - A. She was close by her.
Q. When you left the shop did you go after them - A. Mr. Kirby left the counter, and went after Smith, and as soon as Kirby stopped Smith, I stopped White. He took the muslins from Smith, and we brought them into the shop. White said, she had nothing at all to do with the other person, and she knew nothing of Smith taking the muslins. They were searched, and nothing was found upon White.
Q. Did you know the things that were taken from Smith to be your master's property - A. Yes.
Q. You said Smith had only bought four yards - A. Yes.
Q. What was the quantity that was taken from her - A. Three pieces, from twenty-five to thirty yards in a piece.
Q. Which of your masters live in the house - A. Mr. Rimington lives there. Mr. Vipond has a house in Ely-place, Holborn.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am one of the shopmen of Messrs Vipond and Rimington. I was serving in theshop on the 22d of January, I saw the two prisoners come in the first time.
Q. Did they appear to behave to each other as companions in every respect - A. Yes.
Q. Were you serving at the same counter with the last witness, Robinson - A. No, I was not.
Q. Did you observe anything while they were in the shop the first time - A. No, I did not. After they went out, Robinson mentioned his suspicion to me.
Q. How long after Robinson mentioned his suspicion to you was it you saw them again - A. About half an hour, not more. They both came in together again.
Q. Did you, in consequence of what Robinson told you, keep an eye upon them - A. Entirely so. My whole attention was attracted by them. While in the act of purchasing. I saw the prisoner, Smith, take three pieces of muslin, and put it under her cloak.
Q. Where was the other at the time - A. Close by her. They both went out of the shop very shortly after. Smith was going out of the shop first. Smith apparently walked quicker. I got over the counter, and followed her into the street.
Q. Then White was behind Smith - A. Yes. I asked Smith if she had not got something that was not her own. She said, me? and seemed suprised, and answered, no. I turned her mantle of one side, and took the three pieces of muslin from under her arm, in the street. I brought her back, and immediately sent for an officer.
Q. Did you see her searched - A. I believe nothing else was found.
Q. What may be the worth of these three pieces of muslin - A. They are valued in the indictment at five pounds. That is short of the value of them.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOLLAND
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of these two prisoners. There were three pieces of muslin delivered to me by Mr. Kirby. He said, Smith stole it. He charged me with both of them. I searched both of them. I found nothing upon them. I have had the muslins in my possession ever since.
Kirby. They are the property of Messrs. Vipond and Rimington. They have the shop-mark on them.
Smith's Defence. On the 22d of January, I was going to purchase some muslin to make me a gown; I asked the prisoner, White, to go with me. We went there, and I asked to look at some muslin. I bid five shillings. He said, he could not take it. I went out of the shop, and we went to the corner of Fleet-market and had a small glass of peppermint. We came back, and there was two or three pieces of muslin laid on the floor. He said, he was sure I had taken them.
White's Defence. I know nothing of it.
SMITH, GUILTY, aged 20.
WHITE, GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
