





678. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  RICHARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, a seal, value 7 s. and a watch-key, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Angel
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM ANGEL. I live at 21, Bear-lane, Tower-street. I am a journeyman painter and glazier
. On the 1st of September, between one and two o'clock at noon, I was in Smithfield


, near the Hope engine-house. I lost my seal and watch-key. It was fastened to a black ribbon to my watch. The black ribbon was cut with a pair of scissors.
Q. How long before you missed the seal and key had you seen it safe - A. A few minutes before I saw the prisoner I was passing through Smithfield. Miles's caravan was coming in with the wild beasts. The caravan was drawn by eight grey horses. The caravan stopped, and I stopped to look at the caravan.
Q. Did you see the prisoner near you - A. No. I had my hand on my watch, in my fob. I felt a little tug at my watch. I cast my eyes down. I saw the prisoner's hand pass from my fob, and I missed my seal and key. The prisoner turned round to make off. I seized him. I saw the prisoner throw the seal, key, and scissars on the ground. A witness here picked them up. In the mean time an officer took the prisoner out of my hands. It was a family seal. I valued it at seven shillings, and the key sixpence.


                  RICHARD 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am a porter at the King's Arms, Holborn-bridge. I happened to be standing in the crowd in Smithfield. Angel had hold of the prisoner. I saw the prisoner throw the things down just at my feet. I picked them up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRANSCOMB
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the last witness pick up the seal and key and scissars. In taking the prisoner to the Compter, the prisoner threw a scissar-sheath away. I picked it up. It fits the scissars; and the ribbon which remains on the prosecutor's watch corresponds with that cut off. I produce the seal and key.
Prosecutor. It is my seal and key.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by at the time as the mob of people were. It is true I was at the side of the gentleman there. When I was walking away he came after me, and said, he had lost his seal. I said, I did not know any thing of it. A tall man passed me, and made a rush, which almost knocked me down, and then these things were found.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
