





1093. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HARDWICKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        Robert Grant 
                        Shaw
                     




                  , one pocket-book, value 1s.; one 1l. bank note, and one warrant for the payment of and value 51l. 17s.
            , his property.
MR. ROBERT GRANT SHAW. I am a wine-merchant
, and live in St. Helen's-place, Bishopgate. On the 22d of June, about twelve o'clock, I was at Guildhall


, at the time of the election, and felt my pocket pulled twice, I put my hand down the second time, and missed my pocket-book, which contained a 1l. note, and a draft for 51l. 17s. I turned round, said I had lost my pocket-book, and Mr. Pike pointed the prisoner out as the man who took it; I stooped down immediately, and picked it up at his feet - He was close to me at the time, pushing me forward; I seized him, and charged him with taking it - He denied it. I think it could not have fallen from any other person. He was on one side of me, rather behind. My pocket was cut in five or six places.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



             PIKE. I was in the hall at the time. Mr. Shaw passed me. I had noticed the prisoner feeling several person's pockets - He felt mine; he followed Mr. Shaw. I think there was a gentleman with Mr. Shaw-the prisoner kept close behind him, he took his station before me, and the prisoner behind him; I drew back to watch him, a young man stood by the prisoner's side, the prisoner kept pressing between them, with his hands down, and appeared in the act of cutting Mr. Shaw's pocket; I saw him move his hands up, and collared him: Mr. Shaw said he was robbed, I said, I have got the thief; I saw the prisoner drop the pocket-book at his feet-Mr. Shaw picked it up. I then seized the other man, charged him with being with the prisoner, but let him go, as he denied it. As I was taking him out I felt a knife at my feet-no person claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was behind Mr. Shaw, the people were clapping their hands, the prosecutor's pocketbook fell out of his pocket, he picked it up, and it fell out again, he then said I must be the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
