





708. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM JOSEPH 
                     MARSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, one sword, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Hill
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Almon 
                        Hill
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        John 
                        Boulcott
                     



                  , in a certain ship on the navigable River of Thames



.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bowen
               



            .
JAMES HILL. I am owner of the Rochester ship. On Saturday, the 14th of March, the ship was in the City Canal


-the sword was in a case, directed to Major Charles Marriott, Velore, East Indies. The prisoner did not belong to the ship. On the 16th I found the case brokenopen, and the sword gone. The other owners are Almon Hill and 
               
                  John 
                  Boulcott
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I had the care of the ship. On the 14th of March, at seven o'clock in the evening, I went ashore, left every thing safe, and locked the cabin door, where the sword was. I returned at half-past nine, found the sky-light of the cabin removed, the case broken open, and the sword taken out.


                  JOSHUA 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a sword-cutler. On the 27th of Januray Mr. Shutcliffe ordered the sword of me - I sent it to him on the 28th of February. I have seen part of it since.


                  JOHN 
                  SHUTCLIFFE
               



            . I keep a plate-warehouse, in Cranecourt, Fleet-street. I packed up the sword, and sent it to Messrs. Hoares, Fleet-street. I have seen part of it since.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHEARMAN
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper. On Sunday, the 15th of March, in the afternoon, I was sent for to Cotton-street Chapel, to take care of a madman. I met two gentlemen with the prisoner, in the street, searched him, and found part of the sword in his pocket. Shutcliffe and Johnson afterwards claimed it. He did not appear deranged, he was intoxicated. I have seen him several times since, and do not think him insane.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell. The prisoner was brought to the office - He told me where the remainder of the sword was. I went where he directed me. He said I should find other things which were taken from the ship - I found nothing. When I returned, he said he had sold them for 16s.; he did not appear deranged.
JOSEPH MUNTON. I am turnkey of Newgate. The prisoner was brought in on the 28th of March, since which time I have no reason whatever to think him insane.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 28
.
Of stealing, but not on a navigable River.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
