






679. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HARRIS
                  



               
            . and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, one box, value 1 s. two books. value 1 l. and a great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            , I am a carrier from the King of Denmark's head to Paddington
, On the 19th of April, I received a box and put it on my cart, I saw it safe at the Green Man and Still, Oxford-road a little before nine o'clock that night.
Q, Where was it going - A. To Dublin, it was corded on my cart.


                  JOHN 
                  REEVES
               



            , I belong to Mr. Johnson, I was going along the road towards Paddington , the box was tied behind the cart, when I came to the Buffalo's-head , the dog came to my horses head, I got down and found the box was gone; I enquired, and found that two men was gone up the road with the box, and I found the box in the ditch.


                  PATRICK 
                  CONNER
               



            . I am a watchman, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harris
               



             was given me in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  FELSTON
               



            . I was passing in the New-road, a little before nine o'clock, I saw three men together, one of which had a box on his head; the prisoner Harris was standing by the railings, I went to him, he whistled; I told him there was something going on improper, he took him in custody, I pursued, and when they had got to some railings, the man that had the box, threw it over the railings.


                  JAMES 
                  DONNER
               



            . I was going along the New-road, on the 19th of April, I saw three men lifting a box up on one shoulder; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Felston
               



             came up to me and presently they threw the box over the rails, and the prisoner Kelly got over on the other side the watchman came up. Kelly endeavoured to run away, but the watchman took him in custody.
Q. To 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            . Is that the box you put on your cart - A. Yes, it is the same.
Harris's Defence. I was not in their company.
Kelly's Defence. As I was coming down the New-road, I heard the rattles; I went to see what was the matter, the man said I was one of the three men.
HARRIS 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
KELLY 

               GUILTY
             aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
