






346. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     PEMBER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDMUND 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of March
, one door, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Patrick
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I live in Newgate-street; I carry on the lamp and oil business
; the two prisoners were my servants

.
Q. You also had a servant of the name of Sheffield - A. I had. Some time ago I had altered my shop front, and taken the door off. I placed the door in a cellar in the neighbourhood with other property. That door was taken from the cellar without my knowledge and consent. In consequence of information from Sheffield, I employed two officers to go to the house of Paul, a carpenter, on Saffron-hill. The officers brought back to me the same door that I had lost. The door is worth three pounds. I have no partner.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEFFIELD
               



            . I am in the employment of the prosecutor. In consequence of something that occurred, I communicated to the prosecutor the taking of this door; it was taken on the 7th of March from the cellar in Greyfriars, in the occupation of Mr. Patrick. We all three took the door from the cellar; Pember sold it to Paul, a timber merchant, on Saffron-hill. Pember sold the door to Paul for nine shillings; Burke and I watched him to see him take the door to Paul's. The money was to be shared between us. We went to the coffee-house the corner of Fleet-market, and had coffee for breakfast with part of the money Pember got of Paul for the door.
GEORGE PAUL. I am a carpenter; I live on Saffron-hill. In the month of March, Pember, Burke, and Sheffield brought a door to me; I gave them nine shillings for it; that was the full value of it to me.
- DRINKWATER. I am a city officer. I went to Paul's and found this door.
Prosecutor. It is my door.
PEMBER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BURKE, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
