





528. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of May
, a pair of boots, value 1 l. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a bricklayer
; I live at No. 4, Tennis-court, Middle-row, Holborn


.


                  ANN 
                  BRIANT
               



            . I keep the house, No. 4, Tennis-court. On the 24th of May the prisoner came and asked for a lodging, and asked to look at it; I let him go up and look at it by himself; he went up in the two-pair, where two young men slept, he took these boots out of the two pair of stairs room, and nine-pence halfpenny out of a young man's pocket. A lodger of mine came in, I desired her to go up, she found him slipping down stairs with the boots under his coat; she catched hold of him; in the struggle he dropped one of the boots in the court; I cried out stop thief, and they stopped him; I took the other boot from under his coat.


                  JANE 
                  CLARK
               



            . When I came in Mrs. Briant said. I wish you would go up to see where that man is; I got one foot on the stairs, he was coming down stairs very softly indeed; I saw the boots under his coat; he told the landlady he would call again in half an hour; I let him go; he dropped one of the boots in the court. He ran into Middle-row, we cried out stop thief, a young man stopped him, and Mrs. Briant took the other boot from under his coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I am guilty of it. I was very poor at the time; I am very sorry that I committed any such thing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
