





542. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, three coats, value 5l.; twelve waistcoats, value 2l.; five pair of pantaloons, value 1l.; three pair of breeches, value 6s.; one pair of boots, value 1l.; six shirts, value 2l.; six pair of gaiters, value 4s.; two pair of shoes, value 4s.; six pair of drawers, value 3s.; one dressing-gown, value 7s.; one cloak, value 8s., and one piece of silk, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Sanders 
                        Bateman
                     




                  , Esq.
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mawdsley
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  SANDERS BATEMAN
               



            , ESQ. I am a Major-General in the East India Company's Service
; the prisoner lived servant
 with me for ten months, during which time I travelled about to various places. On the 18th of March I lived at Mr. Mawdsley's house, in Princes-square


, the prisoner had the care of my trunks; I received information, and asked him for the keys - He made various excuses, which made me suspect him. I told him to bring the keys to me at eleven o'clock on the 18th of March; he did not come, nor could I find him. I found my large trunk was moved from my dressing-room; I discovered him at the stable, and asked him about it - He said it was at his lodging. I do not know what parish the house is in.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and found thirty-three duplicates of the property upon him, pledged with Mr. Baylis, in Portland-street, and the key of the prosecutor's trunks; he begged for mercy. The property had been pledged at different times.

JOHN
             M'DONALD. I am shopman to Mr. Baylis. The prisoner pledged the articles stated in the indictment with me, at different times.
Prisoner. I am sorry for it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
Of Stealing to the value of 39s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
