






642 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HENRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of July
, two hats value 33 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Adcock
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADCOCK
               



            . I am a hatter
, I live in Princes Street, Cavendish Square


. On the 11th of July, about half past four, as I was returning home, I saw the two prisoners come out of the shop, with each of them a hat in their hands, they passed me, I did not know they were stolen at the time, I went in the shop and missed the two hats out of the window, and not finding the man in the shop, I suspected they were stolen, I pursued the prisoners, and took Henry with the hat on his head.
Q. Was that your hat. - A. Yes, Miller ran away, he was stopped by a gentleman, I swear to them both, when I cried out stop thief Miller dropped the hat.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER
               



            . I had occasion to leave my master's shop on the 11th of July about half after four for three minutes to fetch an iron. I came into the shop and went to work, I heard a riot in the street, and then I missed two hats out of the window. I had seen them about half an hour before they were stolen.
Henry's Defence. I never came out of the house with the hat.
Miller's Defence. I was coming that way. I was detained, I never saw this young man before in my life.

HENRY


               GUILTY
            , aged 23,
MILLER 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
