






1263. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Rose
                     



                  , one pocket-book, value 6d.; one brooch, value 1s., and four 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Rose
                  



               
            .
ELIZA ROSE. I am wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Rose
               



            , and have been married four years. I lived in the service of Mrs. Daniels, Devonshire-place, Portland-place. I left her service on the morning of the 8th of August - I left my clothes in the coachman's loft until I could remove them. I left the coachman's wife about nine o'clock in the evening, to go to Marylebone-street for some things I had bought. I had a large bundle of clothes, and some potatoes in my cloak. When I got into Upper Wimpole-street, the prisoner came up to me, and said, "It is a pity so slender a figure as you should be so heavily loaded." I made no reply. I had no acquaintance with him. He then said, "Madam, allow me to treat you with a coach?" I said, "I do not want you nor your coach either." He then said, "Don't be frightened - I am a gentleman of unlimited fortune, and do not wish to set a foot in the coach with you." I told him I would take care that he did not. I had then got to the end of Weymouth-street. I was afraid to cross the end of Portland-place, it being so wide, and he kept so close to me. I had 16s. in my pocket, and a pocketbook, which contained four 1l. notes, a brooch, and some memorandums.
Q. When you got to Portland-place, what did you do - A. I turned back, and wanted to cross over to No 38, Weymouth-street, where I was going to sleep, but the prisoner took hold of my arm, and pulled me down as far as Weymouth-mews; he then forced a purse into my hand, and told me there was a 20l. note and a sovereign in it, if I would go into the mews with him for a few minutes, which I peremptorily refused.
Q. Did he, upon that, put a very indecent question to you - A. He did. I gave him an answer which led him to suppose that all proposals to me were useless. He then took hold of me in a very indelicate manner, and I left his other hand take up my gown, and feel about my right-hand pocket. He saw somebody coming up, let me go, and ran away. I felt in my right-hand pocket, and missed my pocket-book. I was much alarmed - I called out the moment he left me; I was afraid to call out before. He was stopped immediately, and never was out of my sight. I am certain he is the man. When he got to the watchhouse he wanted to make it up, which I refused. I saw my pocket-book and money at the office. My husband is in Mr. Cooper's service.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Was it a dark night - A. Yes. I was going to fetch some things which I had bought in the morning.
Q. Why not take the things then - A. Business prevented me. I had to call about a situation.
Q. How far did you walk together arm-in-arm - A. Not far; I could see no watchman, and was afraid to call out.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. While he was walking with you, was his manner decent and eivil - A. Yes. When we got to the mews he was indecent.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LIDDARD
               



            . I am a stable-keeper at Beaumont's-mews, Marylebone. I was coming up Wimpole-street, and heard the cry of "Stop thief!" in Weymouth-street. I looked round, and saw the prisoner coming across Wimpole-street, towards the same side where I was. He ran towards me as fast as he could. I turned round to stop him; he crossed over again. I ran after him, and pushed him against the rails of No. 57, and stopped him. He turned round and asked me what I stopped him for, putting his hands behind him, near the iron rails. I told him there was an alarm, and seeing him run I stopped him. In a moment the prosecutrix came up, and said the prisoner had robbed her of her pocket-book. I gave him in charge of two watchmen, who took him to the watch-house. I went to No. 57, and asked the footman to look in the area, he went down, and I saw him pick up a purse. I desired him to see what was in it. He opened it, and found some pieces of blank paper, like bank notes, and a piece of coin. I went to the watch-house and asked the prosecutrix to describe her pocket-book. She said there was four 1l. notes, and a brooch in it. The prisoner claimed the purse, and said he would pay her any compliment to make it up.
Cross-examined. There are very few shops in the neighbourhood. It is a very dull place. He crossed over just by No. 48.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRITTAIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner and prosecutrix at the corner of the mews. I saw him leave her very quick. She called out "Stop thief!" He ran down Wimpole-street. I sprung my rattle. Liddard stopped him. I took him to the watch-house. The prosecutrix said he had robbed her of her pocket-book. He said he had not got it, and desired me to search him.
Cross-examined. They separated quickly. As soon as he got into the middle of the street, she cried out. He had not left her half a minute, he then ran very fast.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I went out to look for the pocket-book, but could not find it. I told the watchman to look for it.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a serjeant of the first regiment of foot guards. I found the pocket-book, with 4l. and a brooch in it, down the area of No. 48, Wimpole-street, about four o'clock in the morning. The prisoner passed by there before he got to No. 57.


                  ELIZA 
                  ROSE
               



            . The pocket-book, brooch, and memorandums in it are mine.


                  SARAH 
                  MOUNTNER
               



            . I gave Rose the four 1l. notes in change for a 5l. note, they have my writing upon them.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
