






1045. 
               
                  
                     ASHER 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of September


, one pair of diamond ear-rings, value 18 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Levi
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Levi
                  



               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LEVI
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  George 
                  Levi
               



            ; we are jewellers

, in Bury-street, St. Mary Axe


.
Q. On the 14th of September, did you lose some diamond-rings - A. I did, and we lost some gold watches, they were stolen out of the warehouse; I had looked them out for an order, and that is the way they were missed; I had seen the ear-rings so late as three o'clock in the afternoon, and on the next morning, the 15th, I missed them, and the watches.
Q. On the 16th did your neighbour come to you - A. He did; he produced to me the ear-rings that I had lost on the 15th; in the morning Mr. Davis produced them; some conversation took place; I went to Mr. Davis's house; I found the prisoner there. I told the prisoner, that the ear-rings that Mr. Davis produced at our house were stolen the day before; I said, provided he would tell how he came by them, I would give him no trouble; he said, he could not tell. I then said, I must be under the necessity of sending for an officer; he must know how he came by them. Mr. Davis told him he thought he replied very improperly, that perhaps he did not know what situation he was placing himself in, and therefore he would recommend him to be candid, and say how he came by them; he then said, that he would; that he was to meet a man at two o'clock.
Q. Did he say what man he had them off - A. No. He said, he was to meet a man of whom he had them the day before, he was to meat him on that day, at the Red Lion in Whitechapel; that is the corner of Red-lion-street, at which place an appointment was made for some more property to be brought. I rather think he said watches, I am not certain. I then told him if he would be candid, I would go with him, I would stay there to detect the property that was brought to him; this was about eleven o'clock in the morning; he was to go at two o'clock at the Red Lion public-house, to see the person again; he then begged to go by himself, as he could bring the person earlier; I refused that; I told him I did not wish to see him, but an officer; the officer then came, and we went together, to the Red Lion public-house, Whitechapel; the officer, me, Davis, and the prisoner. It was understood that the officer should be in the tap-room with the prisoner; I and Mr. Davis were to be up stairs; we waited until near three o'clock; this person never came. I told the prisoner it appeared very strange that the appointment was not kept; the prisoner said he could not account for it; he bought an old coat the day before, and he found the ear-rings in the pocket of an old coat. He was then taken to the Compter.
Q. What is the value of these ear-rings - A Eighteen guineas; they are all loose diamonds.


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a servant of Mr. Flemming, a pawnbroker, 105, Whitechapel. On the 15th of September, these ear-rings were pawned with me, I think about the middle of the day, by the prisoner; I advanced six pounds on them, and the next day Mr. Davis's servant came and redeemed them.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live in James-court, Bury-street, St. Mary Axe.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; he is an old clothes man. On Thursday, the 16th of September, he came to me between seven and eight in the morning; he produced the duplicate of a pair of earrings, saying, these ear-rings he had of a friend on Saturday, for which he gave six pounds; he had obtained the money on pledge; requesting I would take them out, as they were worth more; the pawnbroker said they were worth ten pounds, a few pounds might be of service to me, and the difference would be of service to him; I then replied, I would do it, but I never did any thing without my brother's consent, and he never was with me until ten o'clock. He went, and came again. I shewed my brother the ticket; we then sent for the ear-rings.
Q. Did the prisoner mention any thing else to you than the ear-rings - A. He expected the person that had the diamond ear-rings would bring some watches. He said he had the ear-rings of a friend: he paid six pounds for them.


                  MOSES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Q. Did you see the prisoner when he came the second time to your house in the morning - A. That was between eleven and twelve; I sent my servant for the ear-rings; the prisoner requested I would purchase them; I looked at them. I told him it was not our purpose of taking them, but to sell them, it was for the purpose of serving him, as he had left the duplicate with my brother; I told him he might sell them, and return me six pounds, which I had paid to the pawnbroker. He said, he wished I would purchase them. I told him he might wait a minute or two, I would take them to a friend of mine.
Q. Did you mention the name of that friend - A. I did not; I then took them to Mr. Levi; he claimed the ear-rings as his own as soon as he saw them; I took Mr. Levi to my house, to the prisoner; he was then asked how he came by them; he said he bought them of a man, he was to meet the same man again at two o'clock, at the Red Lion public-house; at two o'clock I went with Mr. Levi, a constable, and the prisoner, to the Red Lion public-house; after I had been there I came down into the tap-room; the prisoner was absent; he returned afterwards; he told the constable that he found them in the pocket of an old coat.


                  LAWRENCE 
                  LEVINGSTONE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Davis. I took the duplicate to the pawnbroker's and brought the diamond ear-rings to Mr. Davis.


                  PETER 
                  MOUNT
               



            . I am a constable. I accompanied the prisoner to the Red Lion public-house; when he had been there five or six minutes, I let him go. There was no charge against him; he was not gone ten minutes; he came back of his own accord.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
