





316. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HATHERELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baker
                        




                     
                  , a spencer, value 2 l. a coat, value 1 l. six gowns, value 1 l. 16 s. four petticoats, value 17 s. two shifts, value 12 s. nine handkerchiefs, value 1 l. 12 s. seven pair of stockings, value 1 l. two aprons, value 4 s. six habit shirts, value 6 s. a guinea, a 3 l. bank note, a 2 l. bank note, and two 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I live in Fore-street, Lambeth


; the things charged in the indictment were taken from me in that house.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, she is a married woman
, not living with her husband, she came into my house on the 9th of march last, my wife took her in out of charity, by my knowing her.
Q. How long have you been married to your wife - A. My wife lived in my house before I married her, the prisoner came to me before I was married and continued with me after I was married.
Q. Do you remember the 27th of December last - A. Yes. The prisoner came in and asked for the keys; she told my wife not to get up then, she would get the breakfast and call her in the course of ten minutes, I heard a noise at my brother-in-law's door, that is opposite of mine; I got out of bed to let him out, the door was locked, and the key outside; I was called to come down and let Bet in, my wife said Bet was down stairs, I went down, and then I found no Bet there.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner came to me on the 9th of November. On the 27th of December I was awoke by the prisoner, seeing her in the room, I said is that you Betcy, she said yes, she said she wanted the keys to open the shop, I then resorted to my pockets, and gave her a key, I meant to give her the key of the shop, it turned out to be the key of the coal-hole; she said do not you get up, I will make the kettle boil and call you, soon after that I heard a violent noise at my brother's door, I called my husband to let him out, and when they went down stairs they said Betcy, the prisoner was not down stairs. I missed some things that I had on on Sunday, and some I had on on Christmas day. I missed two gowns and a petticoat, and a black velvet spencer, that is all at that time that I missed out of my room. I went immediately and opened my box, and found that was rifled, and every thing was taken away.
Q. Did you lose a bottle green great coat - A. Yes, that she went away with.
ELIZABETH SAUNDERS. Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner on the morning of the 27th of December - A. Yes, about a quarter before seven I saw her come from Mrs. Baker's house, she had Mrs. Baker's dark green pellisse on, and two large bundles, she went down to Princes-street, Lambeth, it leads to Westminster bridge.


                  ANTHONY 
                  WINSLAN
               



            . I met the prisoner the same day about seven o'clock in the morning, in High street, Lambeth; she had something on like the coat mentioned, and one or two bundles in her hand, it was not light enough to distinguish the exact colour of the coat. I saw her in the way from Mr. Baker's to Westminster or Blackfriars bridge.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TODD
               



            . Q. You are clerk to Mr. Turner, Brewer Street, Golden Square - A. Yes, a pawnbroker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. No, I do not. I produce some duplicates, they correspond with the things the officer has to produce, I delivered up the property to the officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Harrison, pawnbroker, of Baker-street, Golden Square.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. No, I do not. I produce a duplicate I took off the file, I delivered up the articles.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDING
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in Haydon-street, Willow-street, on Saturday the 14th of March, as she was going into the house where she said she lodged, at No. 13; when I stopped her I asked her if she would go back for me to see whether she had got any things of these people that said she had robbed them; she was upon the step of the door when I took her, she said she never would return there any more. I told her if she would not go there she must go to the watchhouse with me, and there I must search her. I took her to St. James's watchhouse; I searched her, upon her head was that cap.
Prosecutrix. I know this cap, it was taken out of my box, I made it myself, I had it on the day after Christmas day.
Wilding. I asked the prisoner to come back with me to the room to let me search it, she said she would not, she gave me this key, and said, I might search it myself. The prosecutrix and I went with the key, we searched the room; I opened the room door with the key the prisoner gave me, the first thing we found was this apron, laying on a chair. In a drawer, a sleeve of a gown, and a number of pieces that belonged to the same gown; this habit shirt was in a box that was unlocked, and this cap, the prosecutrix said the lace was hers but not the cap. I then went and asked the prisoner for the keys of the trunk that was locked to prevent breaking in, she told me I should find them between the sacking and the bed, I found them there. On the Sunday morning I went again, and opened the box in the presence of the landlord, I opened the box, and found eleven duplicates, six duplicates of Mr. Turner's, and some of Mr. Harrison's. These are the things that I got from the pawnbrokers, in consequence of these duplicates they delivered them up to me.
Todd. I have the duplicates. This is a duplicate for a gown, pledged for four shillings, I delivered up the gown to Wilding, it was pledged by a woman in the name of Smith.
Prosecutrix. This is my gown, I lost it out of my box on the 27th of December, I never lent it to her, I had seen it the day before in my box.
Q. to Jenkins. In consequence of them duplicates that were produced to you by Wilding, and which you have now in your hand, did you deliver up any thing - A. Yes, one of the duplicates is written by myself, of a gown for three shillings, pledged by John Graves. This is the gown.
Prosecutrix. It is mine, she took it off the nail, it was there the day before, all the property produced by the officer is mine.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, called two witnesses who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 23.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
