





249. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, one basket, value 2 s.; 12 shirts, value 10 l.; 15 cravats, value 30 s.; six pair of stockings, value 12 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 15 s.; five tablecloths, value 3 l.; 13 towels, value 8 s.; four aprons, value 8 s.; two collars, value 2 s.; two caps, value 2 s.; one counterpane, value 30 s., and one wrapper, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mander
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANDER
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Reeves's-place, Hoxton. On the 29th of December, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I sent the prisoner, who was plying as a porter, with a basket containing the articles stated in the indictment. I helped them on his head at Paul-street, Finsbury-square, where I work, and sent them to my wife, who is a laundress; I knew him well before. I went home at one o'clock, and found he had not been. I had given him a direction in writing, and he said he knew where it was. I gave information at Worship-street, and found part of them - he never brought any of them to my house. On the Thursday following he was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fleming, who is a pawnbroker. On the 29th of December, about two o'clock, the prisoner's wife pledged two shirts with me for 13 s., in the name of Smith.


                  CHARLES 
                  POOR
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Peart, a pawnbroker, Whitechapel. On 29th of December four shirts were pledged with me for 25 s., in the name of Gregson, by a woman, whom the prisoner called his wife.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOWERBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Cable-street, Whitechapel. On the 29th of December, about one o'clock. I took a table-cloth and two shirts in pledge for 1 l., by a person, whom the prisoner afterwards said was his wife.


                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a clothes-salesman, and live in Cable-street, Whitechapel. On the 29th of December, in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, and offered to sell me three duplicates of the articles produced. I suspected him, and left him in the shop, under pretence of going to examine them, but I got an officer. When I got back he was gone. He returned in about ten minutes, and was secured.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not tried here - A. Yes, and acquitted.
FRANCIS FREEMAN. I am an officer. I took the prisoner at Lewis's house, and found the direction on him which the prosecutor had given him.

(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Being pressed for money, I was driven to it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
