





426. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EASTHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April
 two seals, value 3 l. and a watch key value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        John Brown 
                        Wilson
                     




                   from his person
            .
JOHN BROWN WILSON. I live at 52, Clarendon-square, Somers Town. On Wednesday the 20th of this month. I was in Albemarle-street


 when the procession was; I was there about six o'clock in the evening; there, was then a great crowd about the door of the hotel. My seals and key were safe on my ribbon; I saw them at four o'clock. They were cut from my ribbon. About a quarter before six, I perceived my seals and key were gone. I was told they were gone. I looked, and saw they were gone. They were gold seals, worth about three pounds. I do not recollect seeing the prisoner about me.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was in Albemarle-street, at this time; I saw the prisoner and another person with him. I saw the prisoner standing by the railing opposite of the hotel. When first I saw the prisoner it was at the corner of Albemarle-street; he and his companion were whispering together. I suspected them, and kept my eye upon them. I saw him go up to Mr. Wilson. Previous to their going up I saw Mr. Wilson's seals hung to his ribbon. They stood about Mr. Wilson's person about three minutes, then they went away. I tapped Mr. Wilson on his shoulder, and asked him if he had lost anything; he clapped his hand to his ribbon, and missed his seals and key. In about half a minute, the next witness, Mr. Wright, hallooed out stop thief. The prisoner ran under a coach; he was taken by one of the witnesses. I am quite sure the prisoner is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  LATHAM
               



             WRIGHT. I am a wholesale draper; I live in King-street, Cheapside. I was in Albemarle-street the day this matter happened, a little before six o'clock; I saw the prisoner and the lad he was in company with, standing very near where I was. They were whispering together. I was almost opposite of the hotel. I looked at them very hard; I saw the prisoner have hold of Mr. Wilson's seals when they were hanging to his watch; immediately a person came up, and said to Mr. Wilson, have you lost anything. Mr. Wilson looked down to his seals and missed them; I said, that man has got them, pointing to the prisoner. I called out, stop thief. I I was close behind him when he started; he ran between two coaches; he was stopped. I am sorry to say he is the man.
MR. HALL. I am a lieutenant in the Navy. I heard them sing out stop thief. I saw the prisoner run between two coaches under the horses heads. I stopped him. He had this knife in his hand, which he was attempting to shut. He threw something away back handed, down Mr. Murray's, the book-seller's steps. Mr. Stevens picked it up while I had hold of him. While I had hold of the prisoner I had several blows from different people round me; they were endeavouring to rescue him. They called me a rascal, and said he was not the man. I send out for a constable; one came, and he was secured; I took the knife out of his hand, and the handkerchief out of his breeches.
RICHARD STEVENS. I live in Bell yard. I picked up these seals just through the railings of that door where I was standing. They were just within the railing; I picked them up there; These are the seals and the key there is some of the watch are attached.

Prosecutor. These are my seals, I have no doubt about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
