





789. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of August
 a bushel and a half of oats, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Isaacs
                  




               
            .
JOHN ISAACS. I am master of a coach
 at Tottenham, at the Roebuck-yard


, I have stables, and a loft to keep corn in over the stables; 
               
                  John 
                  Beadle
               



             was my horse-keeper, he had the care of my corn. The prisoner was a stranger to me. In consequence of suspicion I directed Spencer the constable to watch my place. The prisoner lived in Kingsland road, he was a rag and iron dealer
.
- SPENCER. I am a constable in Tottenham. I was directed by Mr. Isaacs to watch his stable. I put myself in a place to observe without being seen, the first hat I observed was Kelly's boy bringing the horse and cart into the Roebuck yard, the horse and cart was put under the shed; a little white afterwards the prisoner Kelly came.
Q. What was in the cart - A. Rags and baskets of iron. When the prisoner came he took the baskets out, and cleared the corner of the cart.
Q. How far was the cart and horse from Mr. Isaacs stable. - A. About three or four yards. After he had cleared the cart I saw Beadle the horse-keeper bring corn in a sack, and he put it in the cart, Kelly was then standing in the hind part of the cart; after the sack was put in the cart Kelly then got in the cart and covered it up with some things over the sack containing the corn.
Q. You did not know at that time that the sack contained corn - A.No, he covered it over with rags so as to conceal it, he then backed the cart out and got into the street; I went after him and came up to the cart about ten yards from the Roebuck yard, I told him he was my prisoner, I took him for receiving corn belonging to Mr. Isaacs; he said he did not know that there was any corn in his cart. I took out the corn and the sack before his face.
Q.Did you find it covered with rags - A Yes, it was. I took out the sack, it contained oats, more than a bushel. I saw the direction on the cart, 
               
                  John 
                  Kelly
               



            , in some court, Kingsland-road, he was a ragman. I have seen him often go up and down.
Q. Did Mr. Isaacs see the oats afterwards - A. Yes. The sack did not belong to Mr. Isaacs.
Q. You saw the sack of oats come out of Mr. Isaacs' stable - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know Beadle - A. Yes, he was tried and convicted here. I have know him this twenty years, he is a labourer.
Q. He is not a man able to buy corn, is he - A. No.
Q. What did Beadle say for himself in the presence of Kelly - A. His master wished me to let him alone till he had done his work. I let him alone till he had done his work. The corn is here in the sack.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn, I know nothing at all about it.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
