





611. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHERRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, two bank notes, value 1 l. each, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  MARTIN
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Martin
               



            ; I live at No. 2, Peter-street, by. Clerkenwell


. On the 14th of April, the prisoner came into my shop between one and two in the day time, I never saw him before; when he came, he asked me for some name; I cannot tell the name in that street; I told him, I did not know any such person. He said, who is that sitting in the parlour; I said, my husband; (he was sitting in a chair in the parlour.) He said, what is the matter with him; I said, he had a paralytic stroke, and he had been twelve weeks wrapped up in blankets. He said, why, did not I apply to a Society for relief, he said, I know a good many Societies; I said, I will work for him as long as I am able. The prisoner said, he was commissioned by the Prince Regent to find out afflicted people, that he might relieve them; I said, I was glad he was go generous to poor people. The prisoner said, what money have you in the house; I said, I had two one-pound notes, and two pounds about me in silver. He said, give me a sheet of paper; he pretended to write; he asked me my husband's name; I said, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Martin
               



            . He said, I will get you eight pounds. I said, we want it now, for I had a quarters rent to pay, and going on to another. He said, have you no more money by you than that; I said, no. He said, look upyour silver and put it into a bag; I looked out my silver and put it into a bag, there was two pounds three shillings in the bags I fetched away the notes from the parlour, he told me to fetch them away; to the best of my knowledge I put the notes into the bag with the silver, they were on the counter this bag and the money behind me; he then said, put your bonnet and cloak on, and go along with me, and I will get you the money. I put my bonnet and cloak on in the shop, and then I took the money from behind me, and put it before me; he reached his hand towards the bag, I thought he seemed to tremble, I snatched away the bag just as it was in his hand, I looked into my bag and said where is my notes, I said give me my notes, he said there was a piece of paper in the bag; there was a paper in the bag, he immediately ran out, I ran round the counter after him; and said stop thief, I turned down Peter street calling stop thief, one of the witnesses, a butcher came out and said, I will run round the street and meet him. I followed him all the way, and just as the butcher had got hold of him by the shoulder, I came up and said, O you wretch, and pulled off his hat, and took the notes out of it, I took the notes into my hand, and the officer took them out of my hand. I know the notes, they are my notes.
Q. When you returned to the shop did you see a bit of paper in the bag - A. Yes, I gave it to the officer.
Q. What did he do with the bit of paper you gave him to write upon - A. He put it in his hat before my face.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am an officer, I was at that part of the town, I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner pass the window of the house I was in; he was running, three or four butchers were after him; he was stopped, Mrs. Martin came up, and said, you rogue, you villian, you have robbed me of two one pound notes she pulled off his bat, and there were the notes, I took them of Mrs. Martin and have had them ever since; I took him into a public house and secured him; the one pound notes were wrapped up in paper, I asked Mrs. Martin before I opened the paper how many notes there were, she said two.
(The notes and paper produced.)



               GUILTY
             aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
