





1016. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CROKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of September
, seventeen pounds weight of goats hair, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Oakey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OAKEY
               



            . I am a hat manufacturer
; I live in Poland-street


. On the 23d of September there was a bale of goats wool laying in the gateway of my yard. A bale of goats wool, or hair, whichever you may please to call it. The prisoner was suspected of having cut one end of the bale.
Q. You did not see that - A. No. I knew nothing of it until the man was secured.


                  RICHARD 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a hatter. Having occasion to call on Mr. Oakey, on the 23d of September, between six and seven in the evening, I discovered a man at the corner of Mr. Oakley's gateway, in the act of making water; he having been a carman in our employment, that caused me to have suspicion. Knowing that Mr. Oakey always had goods laying in the gateway. I immediately went into the warehouse, and mentioned to Mr. Oakey's foreman my suspicion: he requested me and one of the porters to go with him to the gateway. We went down the gateway. It was dark. I then said to Mr. Oakey's foreman, there is the bale I suspected the man was taking something from. He put hishand down and felt a man; he laid hold of him, and said, who is there? I knew it was the prisoner by his voice. We waited until a light came, and then we secured him. When the light was brought we discovered it was the prisoner, and that this bale had been cut, out of which there had been sixteen or seventeen pound weight taken.
Q. What did it contain - A. Goats wool. Part of that quantity was put in a small bag by the side of it, the remainder was laying upon the ground. He was charged by Mr. Oakey's foreman with having cut the bale, and taking it out. He denied it positively. He was asked what he was doing there; he said, making water. We got a light; there was no wet at all. There was a sharp knife taken from him, upon which there were some particles of hair attached. I know no more; and a small particle of hair was attached to his clothes. The goats wool, or hair, is here. This is the bag and the wool.
Prosecutor. The bale had been seen whole a few minutes before. I have no doubt but that goats wool, or hair, is mine. The bag is not mine; the contents are. The prisoner had been in the habit of fetching goats wool or Spanish wool to card.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was making water two men came down the gateway and knocked me down. Mr. Oakey accused me because of that. That knife I carried about me to cut my victuals.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr Recorder.
