





663. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RAYMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of April
, a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Henry 
                     Harbinge
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the property of a certain person to the jurors unknown.
JOHN CARLISLE. I am a constable.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Raymond
               



             - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know a person calling himself 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Henry Harbinge
               



             - A. I saw such a person at the watchhouse. On Sunday the 11th of April, I saw Mr. Harbinge and the prisoner, about a quarter before one, just at this end of Cow Cross; the prisoner had another with him; the other person looked older then the prisoner. I saw the prisoner and another following the gentleman, and just as they got two yards by me the prisoner put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and pulled the handkerchief a little way out of the pocket, but not entirely out. I followed them; they passed by the end of St. John-street; they went up Charter-house-lane after the gentleman; the gentleman did not perceive what they were about at the time; when they got about half way down Charter-house-lane on the left side, the other man put his hand to the handkerchief and pulled it out; the prisoner was close to the other at the time; he put it under his coat, and away they both walked together. In consequence of my seeing this I made the best of my way to them, and as I passed the gentleman I made a nudge at the gentleman for him to follow me, and just as they got close to Charter-house-gate the one with the handkerchief ran through the square; I immediately then catched hold of the prisoner. I told the gentleman that he had lost his handkerchief; he said so I have; he said are you are an officer; I said I am. He gave me charge of the prisoner. I told him what I had seen.
Q. Did you know the person of the other man who ran away - A. He was a man I had seen before. I knew him to be an old thief. The other ran away with the handkerchief; it has never been found.
BARNARD COHEN. I am a constable. I saw a mob around St. Sepulchre's watchhouse, I went in; the gentlemen gave his name 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Henry Harbinge
               



            , esq. in Fenchurch-street, and when I went after him, he was not at home; and we went after the other man, we could not find him.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the handkerchief, nor do I know any thing of the young fellow.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
