





771. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, four handkerchiefs, value 2s.; two shirts, value 4s.; and one gown, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hawkins
                        



                     
                  ; and one petticoat, value 1s., and two gowns, value 8s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Weale
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I keep the sign of the Dolphin, in Cannon-street, St. George's in the East




. On the 28th of February, I found the prisoner at the bottom of the stairs in my house - He had no business there. A person must pass the foot of the stairs to go to the tap-room. He was going out - I caught hold of him, and took him into the parlour - He appeared very bulky. I searched him, and found a gown inside his breeches, and another in his coat pocket-the other things were about him. He said distress had driven him to it.


                  ELIZA 
                  WEALE
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  John 
                  Hawkins
               



            . About nine o'clock I saw a strange man in my mother's room. He told me not to be alarmed, as he had made a mistake, and turned round to go down stairs. I put my hand out to stop him, and called out that there was a man on the stairs. He was secured. I saw the property safe that day.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
