






720. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SILVESTER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     EWER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of June
, six charts, value 9 s. 6 d. one pen machine, value 6 s. 6 d. one mill-board, value 4 d. one hundred and seventy four bound books, value 5 l. 12 s. and one hundred and twenty other books, value 6 l. 7 s.
             the property of Messrs. Hearn and Benton.


                     JOSEPH 
                     HEARN
                  



               
            . I keep the King's Arms Inn
, Snow-hill, 
               
Mr.
 
                  Benton
               


             is my partner
. I lost these things on Saturday the 17th; they were sent from my inn to go to Hull; they were sent to the Axe, in Aldermanbury, in order to be forwarded thither.
JOHN WESTON. On Saturday the 17th, I drove my cart from my master's, the King's Arms, in Snow-hill, to the Axe, in Aldermanbury


 at which place I had to deliver three articles. I found it impossible to drive my cart up the yard as it was full of waggons and carts. I accordingly took the bundle and went up the yard with it. When I returned, the prisoner Ewer was at the tail of the cart; I took the second, and went up the yard with it. When I came back, he was in the same place; on my return after delivering the third, I missed the parcel containing the articles named in the indictment; I received information that the prisoners had taken the parcel out of the cart. Immediately I saw the prisoner run out of Phillip-lane, and make his way along Addle-street. A gentleman stopped him; I went up to him, and made him, go along with me. Going back again, up Phillip-lane, I saw a great crowd; Johnson the officer was there, he had arrested the other prisoner. I am sure Ewer is the person I saw at the tail of the cart, and who was afterwards running away. I never saw the other prisoner until I saw him in the custody of Johnson.
Cross examined. Other persons might have taken this bundle out of the cart, and I might have been none the wiser. When I met the prisoner Ewer in Phillip-lane, he went with me very readily.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday afternoon I was standing talking to two gentlemen in Phillip-lane; when I saw the prisoner Silvester with a heavy parcel on his back, and Ewer close behind him with his hat off; scratching his head, and wiping it, as if in a prespiration. I immediately laid hold of Silvester, and Ewer ran away. When I laid hold of Silvester, he tried to throw the bundle on me; I turned it off and held him tight. I requested the gentleman to go after Ewer; I had plenty to do to secure Silvester; he made very great resistance. Both the prisoner's were talking when I first saw them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a porter to Messrs. Hill and Parkinson, in Snow-hill. I was in Aldermanbury opposite the Axe; on saturday the 17th. I saw this cart standing at the gate of the Axe, as it could not get up the yard. I saw a man take a parcel out of the tail of the cart. I don't know that it was the prisoner Ewer; I saw two men come down in possession of the officer, I don't know that one of them was the same man that I saw take the bundle.


                  John 
                  Weston
               



            . The man who was standing at the tail of my cart, was dressed in black.
Ewer's Defence. I am an articulator, I am employed to put skeletons together at St. Thomas and the London Hospitals. I had been to St. Thomas's Hospital; and as I was coming down Phillip-lane, I saw a great crowd, and two gentleman run after me; I never was near the tail of this man's cart. The pupils are all out of town, or I might have a good character.
Silvester's Defence. I am a sea-faring man. I acknowledge my fault in taking this bundle out of the cart; but this man is quite innocent, for I never saw him before in my life.
SILVESTER 

               GUILTY
            .
EWER 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
