





1072. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BEDSON
                  , alias 
                     
CHARLES WILLIAM BEDSON





            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 14th of January, in the 41st of year of his Majesty's reign, at St. Martin, Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, did take to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Yeates
                        



                     
                  , widow
; and that he afterwards, to wit, on the 7th of May, in the 55th year of his Majesty's reign
, at St. George's, Hanover square


, feloniously did marry one 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Cunningham
                        



                     
                  , his former wife being then alive
            .
SAMUEL BLYTH. I am a resident in Cherry street, Birmingham. I knew the prisoner a short time before his intended marriage, in 1801; he was then married to a widow Yeates; I believe her name was Elizabeth. I knew they lived two or three years together, as man and wife, after they were married. They were married at St. Martin's, Birmingham.


                  SARAH 
                  FOULKES
               



            . I am niece to Mrs. Yeates. The prisoner was married to her in 1801; they lived together afterwards as man and wife, in the Country, and in London. I saw her in July last.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY SAWYER
               



            . I have been to Birmingham on this business; I was there on the 23rd of October. I produce a fair copy of the register, which I made myself, and which is signed by the minister.
(Register produced, and read in court.)
Mr. Sawyer. I saw Mrs. Bedson, or Mrs. Yeates, there, and was in her company two or three hours; she was living on the 23rd of this month.


                  MARY 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



            . I have been house keeper
 in several respectable families. I became acquainted with the prisoner at the bar, about two years ago; he first paid his address to me by letter. I married him on the 7th of May last, at St. George's Hanover square; he lived with me ten weeks, when he was apprehended for another crime. He had about four hundred pounds with me; the savings of my wages during the whole of my life, and I am now so reduced as to be obliged to go to service. He represented himself as a widower, and as having considerable property. He told me he had lost his wife some years by hard drinking.
Prisoner. I have not had any of her property, she has had it all back again.
COURT. Q. To witness. Has the prisoner restored you your property - A. No, not a halfpenny.



                  MARY 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I was present on the 7th of May last, at the marriage of the prisoner, at the parish church of St. George's, Hanover square, to the last witness, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cunningham
               



            , and I subscribed my name to the register.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a proper deed of separation drawn up by Mr. Bedford, my attorney, between my former wife and myself, and as I had not seen her so long, I considered her dead.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
