





282. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, from the person of Mary Port, 20s. in monies numbered, and three 1l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nixon
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NIXON
               



            . I keep the Black Swan, public-house, in Ryder's-court, Leicester-square
. On the 6th of January, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came to my house, and said he was recommended by a person at Meux and Reid's to buy some wine of me; that he kept a dancing room in Wardour-street, and wanted four bottles of wine sent there, with change for a 5l. note; the girl was to go with him - I sent 
               
                  Mary 
                  Purt
               



            , my servant, with him, and gave her three 1l. notes and 20s. in silver. He particularly asked to have as many sixpences as I could send. he was to give the girl 5l. note when she delivered the wine; she was cautioned not to part with the money till she got the note. They left my house together. In about half an hour she returned, crying, and produced a blank piece of India paper to me. I never received the note.


                  MARY 
                  PURT
               



            . On the 6th of January the prisoner came to my master's house, and ordered four bottles of wine; he said I was to go with him to Wardour-street. My master gave me three 1l. notes and 20s. in silver, in a piece of paper. I went with him as far as Dean-street; he took me down Mead's-court, in a dark place, and told me to wait five minutes till he brought the note from his uncle; he returned in about five minutes, and gave me a piece of paper. The wine stood on the ground; he snatched themoney out of my hand, and ran away, leaving the win behind. I called out "Stop thief!" and went back to my master. Next morning I saw him in custody - I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody in Peter-street, Soho. The girl picked him out from several other persons. I found a piece of India paper on him similar to that he gave her, and a 1l. note, which Mr. Nixon claimed.


                  JOHN 
                  NIXON
               



             re-examined. The 1l. note has my writing on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
