





690. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TRAYLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of May
, one black coat, value 10 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. and various other articles of wearing apparel, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Basell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BASELL
               



            . I live in the parish of St. Matthew


. On the 15th of May; I lost some property; I lost a black coat, a black waistcoat, a pair of kerseymere breeches, and gaiters, a pair of nankeen pantaloons, two pockets, a white dimity petticoat, a black stuff one, and various other articles. I went out between the hours of two and three in the afternoon, and when returning, I met the prisoner coming out of my house, with these different articles in her apron; she went on; I overtook her, and found the property on her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . The prosecutor was in my shop, just opposite his own house; we were talking together, and saw the prisoner come out with a great bundle in her apron.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLISSEY
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the things; I have had them in my possession ever since the prisoner was taken into custody.


                  William 
                  Holloway
               



            . We found all those things upon her.


                  George 
                  Basell
               



            . Those are my property; altogether they are worth about forty-eight or forty-nine shillings. When I took the prisoner, I asked her how she could strip me in this kind of way, and she said, she did not mean to hurt me. The things were delivered into the hands of Mr. Gillissey, the officer. I can't tell how she got into the house.
GUILTY, aged 18,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
