







981. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September

, two bushels of oats, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bembridge
                  



               
            , esq
. And 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day and the same place, the aforesaid goods, he knowing it to be stolen
            .
THOMAS BEMBRIDGE. I know very little of the circumstance of my own knowledge. The officer detected the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am a conductor of the patrol of St. Giles's. On the 19th of September I met the prisoner Jones crossing Guildford-street, Russell-square; he had a bag at his back; he waited at Grenville-street. I asked him what he had got there; he threw the bag off his shoulder; I felt it, and said it was corn. He said he had bought it at a corn chandler's. I asked him where the corn chandler lived; he then said, for God's sake let me go. I then took him into a public-house; I told him I must be satisfied where he got it. He then said he had it of Mr. Bembridge's groom, at Mr. Bembridge's stables. I asked him where the groom was to be found. He said, at the mews opposite. I then sent my brother officer to bring the groom to the public-house; he brought him there. When he came in the parlour I asked Jones if that was the man that he had the corn of; he said it was. I then said I should take them both in custody. They both begged I would let them go. Holding, the groom
, said his master was a very severe man. Holding did not deny what Jones said. I then sent for a coach, and took them to the watchhouse. Holding said to Jones, it is an unfortunate circumstance, he did not believe that ever before he had given him so much at one time.
Q. How much was there in the bag - A. Two bushels of oats. When I first saw the prisoner he was within a few yards of the stable. I understood him to say that he had been in the stable, and had received them of the groom there.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAMSDEN
               



            . I belong to Bow-street office. I was with Salmon when he took Jones into custody. Holding, in the coach, said he gave 
               Jones
             the corn. He said it was an unlucky circumstance, it was the most that ever he had given him at one time he believed. He said he had milk in return for the corn. He said it was Mr. Bembridge's corn. Jones said he had been to Mr. Bembridge's for it. He was coming in a line from the stable.
Q. to Mr. Bembridge. Holding was your groom - A. He was; he had been so about nine years. My coachman was out of town; the hay and corn at that time was entirely under his care.
Holding left his defence to his counsel.
Jones's Defence. I borrowed the corn. I intended to repay it again.
Holding called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Jones called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
HOLDING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
