





816. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     RAINER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, one cloak, value 1l.; two gowns, value 5s.; three petticoats, value 4s. 6d.; two bed-gowns, value 18d.; one shift, value 3s.; one quilt, value 2s. 6d.; one waistcoat, value 1s.; one shirt, value 2s. 6d.; two pair of stockings, value 3s.; three handkerchiefs, value 6d.; one shawl, value 1s.; one curtain, value 2s., and two pictures, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           M'Evoy
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of John Chedsworth
            .


                  JOHN 
                  M'EVOY
               



            . I have been a soldier, but have lost my sight
. I lodge in 
               
                  John 
                  Chedsworth
               



            's house, in Gee's-court, Oxford-street


.


                  MARY 
                  M'EVOY
               



            . I saw the prisoner go down stairs, between eight and nine o'clock on the 15th of April, with a bundle, and ran down after her, but lost her. I knew her before, and am sure she is the woman.


                  MARY 
                  M'EVOY
               



            . I am the wife of John M'Evoy. I went to the Borough, and left the prisoner in the house - I had given her a lodging for two or three nights before; she went away while I was out. I lost the things stated in the indictment - I have known her twelve years.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES JOYCE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a coat, shirt, waistcoat, two gowns, and a petticoat, pledged by the prisoner, on the 16th of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBREL
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on another charge, and found the duplicates of the things on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The woman gave them to me to pledge.
GUILTY. Aged 40.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
