





726. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a watch, value 2 l. 10 s. and a key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dew
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES DEW. I am a labouring man
. When I lost my watch, I was on London-bridge


, looking through the balustrades of London-bridge at the time that Mr. Wardle and son's premises were burning; I felt some person's hand at my side; I felt my watch draw from my pocket, it hit me over the hand; I turned myself round, and catched the prisoner by the collar; I saw he had my watch in his right hand; I attempted to take it away from him; he let it fall on the ground. He tried to get away from me, and pulled me off the curb into the horse pavement. I picked up part of the watch while I had hold of his collar; some other person picked up the remainder of the watch, and gave it into my hands. Harrison, the officer, came up, and took him into custody.
ANTHONY HARRISON. I am a City constable. On Sunday, the 28th of August, I took the prisoner into custody for robbing the prosecutor of his watch; the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner. A person of the name of Hill picked up the case of the watch. This is the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord and gentlemen of the jury, after having been arraigned at this bar for a felony, on suspicion of stealing a watch, I lament, I have no counsel in the law to defend me. On Sunday, the 28th of August, it happened I was standing on London-bridge to see the contagiation; most unfortunate for me. I was standing close to a person who had lost his watch, by being taken out of his pocket. The prosecutor said he had missed his watch he upon that turned round, and discovered his watch laying on the ground. I humbly submit bow I can be the person that took it; the reason of my being close, to the prosecutor was on account of the people being so close together. Can it be supposed that I took his watch, unless he had laid hold of my hand with the watch in it, and then I dropped nothing; yet, he has brought me before the court on suspicion of my taking his watch. I am perfectly innocent of the slightest suspicion of any thing of the kind.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder
