





997. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, one silver watch, value 30s.; one chain, value 2d.; two keys, value 1d.; 9s. 6d. in monies numbered; and one bag, value 1d., the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Shand
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SHAND
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Wardour-street. On the 24th of June, about a quarter after nine o'clock at night, I was by the King's Mews-three men met me, one of them asked me the way to Paddington - I directed them to the Haymarket - They came straight up Whitcomb-street with me, and kept jostling me; I looked at them several times-the prisoner was one of them; it was day-light. I went on till I came to the corner of Meard's-court, they then got round me. I felt one of them take my watch out - I did not miss my bag till afterwards. I called out stop thief! and ran after them. Two went up the court, through Queen-street, into Bateman's-buildings, and Soho-square. I was pursuing them, and missed one of them. I followed the prisoner into the square, and he was stopped there. I never lost sight of him, and am sure he is the man. I came up as soon as he was stopped; he asked me if I could swear he was the person who took my watch? I had not mentioned a word to any person about a watch. A gentleman brought the watch up immediately-the case came off in the fall; another man brought the case, and said he found it about two yards from the place where he was stopped. I am positively certain he is the man.
SAMUEL CRAWLEY. I am a jeweller, and live in King-street, Soho. I was crossing Soho-square, heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner running, as hard as possible, from the corner of Bateman's-buildings; I endeavoured to stop him - He was running from the cry, a man was pursuing him - I stopped him. He stooped down to the knees of his breeches; I thought he was putting something there, and he said "I have not got it." The mob came round, when Shand came up, and said he had been robbed, and that the prisoner was the man. The watch was produced by a gentleman, who said he picked it up just round the corner-the case was afterwards produced.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANCE
               



            . I live in Rathbone-place. I was going along, and heard the cry, which came from Bateman's-buildings. The prisoner stopped and pulled up his stockings. Shand came up - A person picked up the watch, and another the case.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the alarm, they stopped me. Shand came up and said I was not the man, and let me go, and then gave me in charge again.
GEORGE SHAND. I never said he was not the man - I never had any doubt of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
