





484. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MARNS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of May
, two lamps, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Collinson
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  COLLINSON
               



            . I am a lamp contractor
 and oil merchant
. On Saturday last, when I went to the Exchange, at four o'clock, I left a quantity of illumination lamps in a basket, in my own warehouse, in Coocked-lane


. I have employed the prisoner; sometimes he behaved well, and sometimes ill.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a lamp-lighter, in Mr. Collinson's employ. The prisoner came into the yard to ask for a job, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, on the 21st of May, he went into the warehouse; he stood on the side of the warehouse where there was a prickle of illumination lampsHe put his hand into the basket; he took out one; he turned away. After he turned away, he returned to the basket, and took another, and put it into his bosom; I saw him take them both. We then told him to go into the accompting-house up stairs, to get his name put down for employ, that we might take him.


                  ROBERT 
                  RECKALL
               



            . I am in Mr. Collinson's employ. I saw the prisoner take the lamps when he went up in the accompting-house; I went after him, and told him he had master's property about him; he denied it. I felt in his bosom, and took out two lamps. The officer has them.


                  EDWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the lamps; they was given into my charge at Mr. Collinson's. After the prisoner had his hearing before the Lord Mayor, he said he should have eighty-four months for it.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the Jury, last Saturday I went to ask Mr. Collinson for employ; I put two basket lamps into my bosom. He had employed me before, and had always found me just and honest. I have a wife and four children. I hope your lordship will shew me mercy. I submit to your lordship's superior opinion, and an impartial jury.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
