






1394. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROOKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COX
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, five spoons, value 3 l.; one sauce-ladle, value 20 s., and two waiters, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Walter
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALTER
               



            , ESQ. I live in Devonshire-place, Marylebone


. I know nothing of the robbery.


                  ELIZA 
                  BULLEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's housemaid. On the 7th of October, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting in the back-kitchen - the butler's pantry is in front - I heard a rattling of spoons, went to the area, and saw the prisoner, Brooker, at the top of the area-steps, within the rails; I ran up the steps, and called out Stop thief! I pursued him, and lost sight only as he turned the corner. I followed him till he was caught - he was not out of my sight two minutes.
Q. Was he running - A. When I called out he began to run. Several persons came round when he was taken. I do not know who stopped him.


                  CHARLES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Walter. On the day of the robbery I left the plate stated in the indictment, on two small japanned waiters, about ten minutes after three o'clock, ready to lay the cloth.
Q. Could they be seen from the street - A. No, my Lord. The area-gate is generally shut, but not fastened. The door of the house could be opened outside - it was shut, but not fastened. I went out, and on my return I found the articles stated in the indictment gone.


                  CHARLES 
                  SEYMOUR
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 7th of October, a little before four o'clock, I was going up Wimpole-street, and saw the prisoner, Brooker, down an area there, talking to a footman - I had no suspicion of him, and went on about my business, and saw Cox standing about, I then thought something not right was going on. I watched, and saw Brooker leave the footman, and join Cox. I went down Weymouth-street, and as I returned up Devonshire-street, I saw Cox and two or three more waiting at the corner of Devonshire-place (not one hundred yards from the prosecutor's). I live at No. 6, Devonshire-place. I rang the bell to go in, and saw Brooker come out of Mr. Walter's area, with something under his coat. I was going after him, and saw the girl come out of the area and cry Stop him! he then ran, I followed him round the corner into Beaumont-street, and he was there taken - I never lost sight of him. I saw him stoppedand searched - a few halfpence and a knife were found on him.
Q. Did you see Cox at the time - A. Yes, he came up, and tried to rescue him; when I saw that I secured Cox. Nothing particular was found on him. There were one or two more, who escaped.
Q. Was Brooker close to Cox, or the others, before he was taken - A. I cannot say.
FDEDERICK TABOR. I am a builder. I was in Beaumont-street on the 7th of October, about four o'clock, heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw Brooker running, with something under his coat. I pursued, and when I got a short distance he dropped something, which on passing I observed to be plate. I did not stop to pick it up, but followed him about a hundred yards down the street - he was stopped by another man. As I returned with him Long brought me part of the plate - I had not lost sight of it. Lloyd brought me some more - I delivered the prisoner to him, and took the whole of the plate, gave it to a hair-dresser in the street, who carried it before me into his house.


                  CHARLES 
                  LONG
               



            . On the 7th of October I was in Beaumont-street, and saw Brooker at the corner of the street. Bullen was behind him. Lloyd stopped him about ten yards down the street - he then pulled his coat, unbuttoned it, and the plate fell out. I picked up three tablespoons, a sauce-ladle, and a waiter, and gave it to Tabor.


                  EDWARD 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I was in Beaumont-street, heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw Brooker running; I crossed the street and stopped him - he dropped the plate; Cox endeavoured to rescue him.
Q. What did he do - A. He forced himself in, jumped on my shoulder, and tried to push our arms from where we held him. I kept fast hold, and saw Brooker throw the plate about the street. I picked up a desert and salt-spoon, and a japanned waiter, and gave them to Tabor.
WILLIAM CHESTERMAN. I am a constable. Tabor sent for me, and gave the prisoners and plate into my charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HULFACRE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's coachman. I saw the prisoners in custody, and went to the watch-house with Cox. He said he would serve me out, and would mark me.


                  THOMAS 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I live in Devonshire-place. I was walking there, and as I turned the corner of Beaumont-street I saw the boy pick up the plate, and Cox try to get away. He asked me what I wanted, called me a b - g - r, and knocked me down.


                  FREDERICK 
                  TABOR
               



             re-examined. I forced Brooker into a house, and asked what could induce him to do it? he said he was a poor unfortunate lad out of work, and had a good character up to this time, and that he was sorry for what he had done. He made no resistance.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoners in charge, and asked Cox how he came to knock the servant down? he said he would kick her ****** out.
BROOKER'S Defence. Cox is innocent. I was in distress.
COX'S Defence. A man with a cart in Oxford-street, asked me if I wanted a job? he gave me a great deal to drink, and I was in liquor. As I returned I rushed in among the mob, but did not intend any harm.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



             re-examined. Cox might have been drinking, he seemed flurried, but not drunk; he knew quite well what he was about.


                  CHARLES 
                  SEYMOUR
               



             re-examined. When I saw him at the corner he did not appear drunk at all.
BROOKER - GUILTY. Aged 25.
COX - GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
