





733. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 25th of January
, sixteen bushels of oats, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Willan
                        




                     
                  ; where of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dutton
                     



                   has been tried and convicted of feloniously stealing, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The record of the conviction of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dutton
               



            , read.)


                  JOHN 
                  TAPLIN
               



            . Q. On Saturday, the 25th of January last, were you in the service of Mr. Willan - A. Yes: his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            . 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dutton
               



             was a servant to Mr. Willan, at Whetstone. He was in the habit of coming for oats that he wanted for Mr. Willan's horses, at Whetstone; and on that day he came for some oats. I measured for him twenty-four sacks of oats. The sacks were produced by him.
Q. What sort of oats were they - A. Black and white oats. I delivered them to Dutton, for the purpose of giving them to the horses belonging to Mr. Willan. The cart was brought back the same night. There was four sacks deficient.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHARP COLVILL
               



            . I am a printing-ink maker, living in Clerkenwell.
Q. On Saturday, the 25th of January last, did you see a cart loaded with sacks, containing something, in Smith-street, Clerkenwell - A. Yes. I supposed the sacks to be loaded with corn. The cart was driven by a man of the name of Dutton. I saw a small jockey-cart drawn up by the side of it. That jockey-cart, I believe, was driven by the prisoner. I was some distance at the time. I believe the prisoner to be the young man.
Q. What did you see then done - A. Dutton immediately got out of his cart, and took four or five sacks, (four sacks I am sure of), and put them in the cart, driven by the prisoner. Dutton delivered them from his cart to the prisoner's cart.
Q. Upon this your suspicions were rouzed - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see the name on the cart - A. I did not. I went out for the purpose of taking the name. I could not do it without being noticed. I went to the Turnpike gate, and gave notice to the toll collector. He told me the first cart coming was Mr. Willan's.
Mr. Alley. You do not mean to say now, that you are sure that the prisoner was the man that drove the jockey-cart - A. I believe he was the man.
Q. How long is this ago - A. Last January.
Q. How long is it from the time that you saw him in the cart to the time you saw him in custody - A. I think I saw the prisoner before he was in custody. The prisoner came to my house in company with two others, to know the description of himself.
Q. Did not he go and ask you, whether you thought he was like the person that took the oats, hearing that you had an imputation upon him, and you said, no - A. No. The question that was put to me was, they wished to know the description of young Crane. They knew where he was. They knew where he was working; and if I knew Crane they would go and take him. I told them, I had nothing at all to do in it; it was Mr. Willan's concern, and if I could give the description of young Crane, they could take him that night, as they knew where he was at work. I told them, they should go and enquire of Mr. Willan. I had nothing to do with the business.
Q. How long was this after Crane had been reported to be the receiver. Again I ask you, whether you did not say, that the person who spoke to you was not the person that you supposed to be Crane, he was some inches taller - A. I said, he was about his height. The prisoner had a drab great coat on, and held his head down.
Q. Do you know that to be the prisoner - A. I believe it to be so, by the manner of his conducting himself.
Q. Where did they come to you - A. At my own house in Goswell-street.
Q. Do you mean to say that you were under any alarm at that time - A. It did not look well for three men to come up; one of them with a thick stick. If I had interfered I dare say I should have had my head broken. I believed him to be the man, but I did not intend to run any risk.
- HEATH. I was the toll-collector in Goswell-street in January last.
Q. Do you remember being applied to by Mr. Colvill for looking at the names of two carts - A. I do. They were coming towards my gate. One of the carts belonged to Mr. Willan, loaded with corn, and another small jockey cart of the name of Crane upon it, Hampstead-road, drawn by a poney.
Q. Who was driving that cart - A. The prisoner. I believe the prisoner to be the man, but he is very much altered in his dress. He had a velveteen jacket on at that time.


                  HENRY 
                  BELLAS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Willan.
Q. Did you go by the direction of Mr. Willan, after the cart drove by Dutton - A. Yes. I overtook it at Finchley, by the Bald Faced Stag. I brought Dutton and the cart back to the Bull and Mouth. The cart then contained twenty sacks of oats, and one sack of bran. On the next day I went into Crane's premises, Camden Town, Hampstead-road. I found in Crane's stable about two bushels of oats, which is now here, and there was some in the manger, which the horse was then eating of. I believe them to be the same oats, as near as I can tell oats. I compared the sample of oats with those in the granary, and they answer to the sample exactly.
Q. Dutton was in the service of your master - A. He was. He was in the habit of coming to town for the oats that he wanted for the horses at Whetstone and Barnet.
Q. Do you know Smith-street, Clerkenwell - A. Yes.
Q. Is that the direct road from your master's to Whetstone - A. By no means.
Q. Whose property were these oats - A. My master's, 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            . I have had the oats and the sacks over since February sessions. I know it is the same sack, because the sack has been locked up.
Q. Did you see this young man at that time - A. No. I saw the father had a bed.
JOHN CLARK. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 14th of September, between twelve and one at night. He was coming out of the Bedford Arms. I catched hold of Crane by the collar, and Hale, the constable's son, knocked me down, and I pulled Crane; and when Hale found he could not extricate Crane from me another man came up. I never had so much trouble in taking any man. The prisoner made all the resistance he could. He said, nobody would have taken him but me.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
