





243. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GUTTERIDGE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Parker
                     




                  , about six o'clock on the night of the 4th of December
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, three loaves of bread, value 1s. 6d.; three pound of sugar, value 2s.; one pound of tea, value 8s.; six pounds of beef, value 3s.; one pound of butter, value 1s. 6d.; and one pound of cheese, value 1s.
            , her property.


                  SARAH 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live in Brick-lane, St. Lukes


. I keep a Chandler's shop
. My street door was left open at six o'clock, on the morning of the 4th of December. I heard a noise in my shop about half past six o'clock, it was not day-light, it was rather light. I sleep in a room even with my shop. There is a gass-light facing the window. I saw the prisoner in the shop putting the tea in his bag. I went back for my key; when I returned he was gone. I found him on the step of the street-door with the bag in his hand. My lodgers left the door open; but I found the staple of my cellar door drawn, and the floor of my shop broken away; he must have broken through the floor to get in; it was forced up. I could not follow him, as I was not dressed. I called out stop thief. The prisoner had lodged at my house about seven months before. I saw him by the gass-light, which reflects into my shop. I described him to the officer, and told the officer his name. I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment; they were in my shop the evening before.
JOHN HUTT. I am an officer. Mrs. Parker described his person to me. I apprehended him on the 5th of December.
Of 


               Stealing only
            . GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
