





511. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     NAPTHALI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 101 glass illuminators, value 30l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Apsley 
                  Pellatt
               



            , Sen.
, 
               
                  James 
                  Green
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leader
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Pellatt and Co. On Saturday evening, about five o'clock, I left my cart standing opposite Trigg Wharf


, with four casks of broken illuminators, and five baskets of whole illuminators. I returned in about ten minutes and missed four baskets.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. They weighed about three-quarters of a cwt.


                  HENRY 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I live in Artillery-passage, Bishopsgate-street, in the county of Middlesex. On Sunday, the 9th of February, the prisoner came to my private door about nine o'clock, and brought me a piece of broken glass, he asked me if I would buy any, for he had some to sell. I said I did not want them.
SAMUEL SIMONDS. On the 8th of February the prisoner came to my shop, about ten o'clock at night, at Ravenrow, Spitalfields, and asked if I wanted to buy any broken glass - He asked me a guinea a cwt.; he said they were very stout pieces, and that he sold them for chandelier drops. I told him I would give 1l. a cwt.; he said as he wished to get rid of it I should have it. I told him to bring it immediately - He and another man brought it in two baskets. I told him I could not conveniently weigh it then; he said he had weighed forty of them, and they weighed ten pounds; and he calculated that the whole would weigh two hundred and a half. I gave him 2l. on account until I could weigh it, and told him to call next morning for the rest. Next day he came I told him there was a great many small pieces, and I would only give him five shillings more - He took it. About a week or ten days after I was apprehended myself, when I gave this account. I never saw him again until he was taken.
Cross-examined. They charged me with stealing it.
Q. Have you never been charged here as a receiver of stolen goods - A. No.
JUDITH SIMONDS. I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner is the man that brought the glass, and received the money. I afterwards met the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street, and told him the glass was not weight, and asked him to go to Mr. Mosely's where he would seeit weighed. I told him that to get him apprehended. He said he did not like to be seen, as there was a reward of 5l. offered. He said he could not stop.
WILLIAM ATTFIELD. On the 17th of February I apprehended the prisoner at the Jolly Weavers, public-house, Angel-alley, Long-alley, where the glass was found. I told him I took him on suspicion of stealing glass; he said he knew nothing about it, and would not go with me. He was in the skittle ground, surrounded by twenty persons, whom I knew to be common thieves - They rushed on me and rescued him; they had called to him to know what the charge was for. He was taken that day.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I went to the same house, and found the glass.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. APSLEY PELLATT, JUN. The firm of the house is rightly described in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
