





909. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Houlditch
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 16th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, one watch, value 20 s., and one key, value 6 d.
            , his property.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOULDITCH
               



            . I live in Caroline-street, Bedford-square. On the 16th of June, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was going up Drury-lane


, and met the prisoner and another just above Wych-street


; the prisoner pushed his hand against my breast, and immediately snatched the watch out of my fob, and ran away; I gave the alarm, and pursued him with the patrols, who took him in seven or eight minutes - I lost sight of him but am sure he is the man. He was searched at the watch-house but nothing found on him. I insisted on his being stripped, and as his breeches were being taken off, I heard something fall - my watch was picked up close at his feet. He used no violence to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN CARRICK. I am a tailor. I was in Drury-lane, and saw the prisoner and another man coming from towards the Strand. I saw the prisoner push the prosecutor in the breast, snatch his watch from him, and run away. I pursued him towards the Strand, and never lost sight of him till the patrols took him. I saw the watch fall at his feet in the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard the cry, and secured the prisoner, who was running very fast - I took him to the watch-house. As he was being stripped, I saw him fumbling in his breeches, and put something on the seat behind him; Williams picked it up - it was the watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was at the watch-house. I saw the prisoner take something from his pocket - the watch was produced.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was constable of the night. I stripped the prisoner. The watch was found in the way described.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY. Aged 35.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
