





1051. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, one ridicule, value 2s.; one 10l. and on 1l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bates
                  




               
            .
MRS. SELINA 
               
                  MARIA 
                  BATES
               



            . I am the wife of Mr. Thomas Bates, and live at Hampton-wick. On the 25th of May,as I was driving through Brompton


, I saw a boy
 jump off the carriage, which was then going on-my ridicule laid on the seat of the carriage-it is an open carriage I-had seen it about two minutes before. He could got on the step behind the carriage, and have reached the ridicule without my observing it. It contained a 10l. and a 1l. bank note. I called my servant, who went after the prisoner, and brought him back with my ridicule.


                  ISABELLA 
                  LING
               



            . I am servant to Mr.Robson, of Brompton. I saw the prisoner jump up behind the carriage-he stopped two or three minutes. I saw Mrs. Bates was alarmed - I was close by the carriage. While she turned her head to speak to her servant, the prisoner put his hand in the carriage, and took out a black ridicule. I ran after him-Howe stopped him. I never lost sight of him. He dropped the ridicule before Howe got up to him. A boy picked it up and gave it Howe. Several boys came round. He threatened me very much.
EDWARD HOWE. I was driving my mistress out - She was speaking to me; I turned round, and saw the prisoner jump off the step - He ran with his arms folded. I kept looking at him for five minutes. My mistress missed her ridicule. I pursued him, but lost sight him - He laid down by another boy. I went back to the place, but could not find him. I at length caught sight of him with another boy - They both ran very fast-one of them dropped the ridicule; I took the prisoner. The last witness charged him with being the boy. He swore, and made use of very bad language, and attempted to get away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other boy dropped the ridicule.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
