





181. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DEVENHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 5 lbs. of soap, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dyson
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN 
                  DYSON
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in High-street, Marylebone


. On the 12th of November, about six o'clock, the soap was on a counter about two yards inside the shop. I saw a boy, named Watts, come in, and look round - I was in the counting-house, and could not be seen. He returned in about a quarter of an hour. I turned round a moment, and he took the soap; I saw him going out with it under his arm, pursued him, and to the best of my knowledge, I saw the prisoner running on the other side - he had a coat on like the prisoner. I secured Watts about three hundred yards off, with the soap, and took him to the watch-house - the prisoner was taken the next day.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I was in High-street, and saw the prisoner and Watts very near Dyson's shop. Next morning I found Watts at the watch-house, and in consequence of information I went after the prisoner, and saw him in Stafford-street, Lisson-green. He knew me, turned his head, and ran up two or three streets. I told him I wanted him for stealing soap the night before, and said,
"Why, I thought you had had enough of it last Session." He said,
"Why, I must do something, I cannot starve." The Magistrate admitted Watts as an evidence.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WATTS
               



            . I live at Bowman's-buildings with my father - the prisoner lived next door. I was coming from work, and stole the soap - the prisoner was with me; he stood close by the door ready to take it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
