





209. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                     WINTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Henry
                        Douglas
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William
                        Douglas
                     



                  , on the 29th of November
, and stealing therein, a coat, value 3 l. 10 s. and a pair of pantaloons, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Vincent
                           Cousse
                        



                     
                  ; a waistcoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                     Walford
                  



               
            .


                  MARTIN
                  MAXWELL STEWART
               



            . I live in the house of Henry and 
               
                  William
                  Douglas
               



            , they are merchants

, in Broad street


; the accompting house is in the house; I live above the accompting house; I know they pay the rent of that house; they both pay equally alike for the houses, and it equally belongs to them: the landlords name is Hollingsworth I paid the half years rent for them the other day.
Q, When was it these things were lost from your house - A. On the 29th of November, between one and two in the afternoon. On Sunday the 27th of November, the prisoner opened the door, and come in and asked for a name that I did not know; I told him there was no such name in the house; he went from the door, and in about three minutes, I heard a foot go up stairs, I looked, and saw the prisoner go up stairs; he ran down stairs. On Tuesday I was told there was some things stolen from the house; suspicion fell upon the prisoner.


                  VINCENT
                  COUSSE
               



            . On Tuesday, the 29th of November, Mr. Stewart asked me if I had lost any thing out of Messrs. Douglas's house; I said, yes, a coat and pantaloons from the third story.
Q. What are you in the house - A. A valet de chambre to Mr. Stewart's brother.
Q. Do you know whether your room door was locked or not - A. It certainly was.
Q. How long before you lost them, had you seen them - A. I had seen them the same morning, at a hour or two before I missed them.
Q. What time of the day did you find they were gone - A. Between two and three o'clock they were gone. On Sunday, the 6th of December, I saw them again in the possession of Hawkins, the officer, I know them to be mine.


                  JOHN
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I am one of the marshelmen. On Sunday, the 6th of December, about a week after I received the information of Mr. Stewart, I took the prisoner in West-street, West Smithfield; I found on him the coat, waistcoat, and pantaloons, that he is indicted for; I took the clothes away from him, and secured the prisoner; he denied that he took them. I took him to Mr. Douglas's, in Broad-street. I produce the coat, waistcoat, and pantaloons.
Stewart. That is my riding coat and pantaloons; I value them at six pounds together.


                  CHARLES
                  WALFORD
               



            . The waistcoat is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought these clothes inPetticoat-lane.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 30 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
