





1441. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling the sum of 497l
            .


                     FREDERICK 
                     ROOFE
                  



               
            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John and 
                     
                        William 
                        Dennis
                     







            . We are tin agents


, and live in Lombard-street; the prisoner was in our employ as clerk
; it was part of his business to receive monies on our account. On the 18th of October, I gave him a check for 487l. 10s., to take to Sir John Lubbock, and Co., bankers, and told him to bring large notes for it; I sent him at ten o'clock; a quarter of an hour was plenty of time for him to return in; he did not return-in about three quarters of an hour after, I went to Lubbock's, and found the check was paid. I went to the Bank, and there received information that the notes had been changed. Soon after twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner at his mother's in Belvidere-place, near the King's-bench; I asked him where the notes were - He said he had lost them, he did not know where. I said, I ordered you to bring large notes, why did you go to the Bank and obtain small ones? he said, "I know you did, sir, but it was my foolishness." I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. His mother came to me in the Bank; I went to him with her; she said he had come to her, saying, he had lost the pocket-bookand did not like to return; she gave me the 10l. which he said he had not lost. He had lived fifteen months with me.
GEORGE AMIST. I am clerk to Messrs. Lubbocks, and Co., bankers, Mansion-house-street; I paid the prisoner two 200l. notes, Nos. 4149 and 2584, and two 40l. notes, Nos. 4992 and 360, and other small notes, in all 487l., for this check on that day.


                  JOHN 
                  ROOFE
               



            . This is the check I gave him.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAGG
               



            . I am clerk in the Bank of England. I have two 200l. notes, Nos. 4149 and 2584, and two 40l. notes, Nos. 360 and 4992; they were brought into the Bank on the 18th of October, by a young lad like the prisoner; he asked for 1l. notes, which he had-400 of them in numbers, from 49,601 to 50,000.
Cross-examined. I will not swear he is the person.
GEORGE BARNARD. I live in Nicholl-square, Cripplegate, with my father. I am acquainted with the prisoner. On the 18th of October, he came to my father's, he said he had brought 500 1l. notes - I do not think he said where he got them; I told him to put them in the stable where the fowls lay - He did so.
Q. Before he brought them-did he give you any intimation of his intention - A. About three weeks before, he said he would get a sum of money to keep.
Q. Did he say what he meant to do with it - A. He once said he would go to America, and afterwards that he would surrender himself up. On the afternoon of the robbery, the officer searched my box, which alarmed me; I threw the notes into the Thames, at Dowgate, they were loose in a pocket-book.
Cross-examined. I had known him about two years.
Q. You knew he was in no situation to bring 400l. which he came honestly by - A. Yes, I told this story when the officer had searched me; I was liberated on my uncle being bound to answer for my appearance.
Q. Did you tell him the impropriety of what he was doing - A. Not then - I did before. I am sixteen years old.
Court. Q. Why did you not give the notes to the officer instead of throwing them into the Thames - A. I thought this would condemn me at once.


                  JOHN 
                  FUNGE
               



            . I am horse-keeper to Messrs. Harden and Jaques, wholesale grocers. On Sunday morning, the 19th of October, I was at Dowgate-wharf about seven o'clock, and saw some papers floating about - I picked them up, they were bank notes, some of them were tied together; there was a bill-case along with them. I found 439l., and afterwards found two 1l. notes, which I delivered to Mr. Roofe-there were 5l. or 6l. in the pocket-book.
MR. ROOFE. I have the notes which the last witness gave me - They are marked between 49,601 and 50,000.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
