





907. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, one hundred and seventy-six halfpence, value 7 s. 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I keep a ham and beef shop
 in Bear-street, Leicester-square


. On the 15th of August, near nine in the evening, the prisoner with another lad
 came into my shop; they were both strangers; they asked me for two ounces of ham; I turned my back to cut it; I served them, and took the money of the other person, and during the time that I was cutting the ham, the prisoner took the halfpence; they paid for the ham, and both went out of the shop, and as soon as they went out of the door I heard the cry of stop thief; I heard my neighbour, Mr. Guest, cry out, Roberts; I heard the halfpence rattle; the neighbours had got the prisoner into custody. There were two five shilling papers of halfpence; gone some of the people might have picked some of them up; the papers broke, and the halfpence were scattered about. I saw the prisoner pull off his hat, and both the papers broke on the stones, by the fall; the prisoner was brought back.


                  RICHARD 
                  GUEST
               



            . At nine o'clock, on the 15th of August, I was looking through my window, which is opposite of Mr. Roberts's window of his shop; I saw the prisoner, Long, and another go into the shop. I saw Long look sharp round him; I saw him whip a five shilling paper of halfpence into his pocket, and another paper parcel of halfpence into his hat, and put his hat on his head; I could see they were paper parcels of halfpence plain; I ran out into the street, I laid hold of him; he pulled off his hat, and the halfpence fell on the stones, both the papers broke; I brought the prisoner back to Mr. Roberts's shop; as the prisoner was running I saw him pull off his hat, both papers of halfpence fell outon the stones; I brought the prisoner back; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Farlow
               



             picked up the money.


                  EDWARD 
                  FARLOW
               



            . I saw the last witness lay hold of the prisoner; when we were coming back I head something fall like money; I picked up one paper; I delivered it into Mr. Roberts's possession.
Prosecutor. The halfpence were brought into the shop, one hundred and seventy-six; that is all we could find; the rest had been lost in the fall.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the halfpence until they were shewed me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
