






1564. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ONION
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BLAKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, one sheet, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bews
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEWS
               



            . I am clerk
 to Mr. Carr, a solicitor, who lives in Bloomsbury-square, On the 24th of September, I lost a sheet from behind my house in China-street, Somers-town


, about half-past eleven o'clock.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOWDEN
               



            . On the 24th of October, I was standing at my door in Globe-street, with Mr. Early; he said he suspected the prisoners, who were standing by the side of the wall of the prosecutor's garden. I turned towards them, and saw a sheet go off the line-one got over the wall and took it, the other waited outside to receive it. I went and informed the prosecutor - we went in pursuit, and took them.


                  JAMES 
                  EARLY
               



            . I was with Mr. Lowden, and saw the prisoners lurking about the garden - I suspected they wanted to steal the sheet, which was in the garden. Soon after I saw it being drawn over the wall - They ran through a new building adjoining to the prosecutor's house. I pursued, took Onion, and brought him back. As I was bringing him back, he said the sheet laid by some timber-it was found there in the way they ran. Another person took Blake at the same time - They were both running together.
THOMAS HALES, I am a constable. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. Onion said he got over the wall, took the sheet, and handed it to Blake.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ONION'S Defence. I was in want.
BLAKE'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
ONION - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
BLAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16,





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
