








495. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ASHWELL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BEECH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSTON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February

, 120lbs. of bacon, value 3l.; 80lbs. of cheese, value 1l. 18s. and one bushel of seeds, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Freeman
               



            ; and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  FOX
               




             for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN FREEMAN. I am a grocer
, living at Harpenden. On the 13th of January, I came to town to buy cheese, bacon, seeds, and other things for my business. As I was returning home, my cart was overturned at Whetstone



, opposite the Bull and Butcher-it was after ten o'clock at night. Several persons came to my assistance; the goods were all put in, and the persons went into the Bull andButcher, after I had satisfied them for their trouble. I went into the Bull, which is about a quarter of a mile farther, and left my cart in the Bull yard, with the goods in it. When I got up, at six o'clock in the morning, I missed the articles stated in the indictment. I sent for the patrol, and we went to the Bull and Butcher, and searched the premises, and found a piece of blank paper in the stable where Hutchinson worked. I thought it was the paper in which some of my sugar was wrapped, and gave Hutchinson in charge.
NATHAN JACKSON. I am a patrol of Bow-street. I went with Freeman to the Bull and Butcher, a little before eight o'clock in the morning. We found a piece of paper in the stables, and took Hutchinson up; he was at work there; he gave me some information, and we went to the prisoner, Ashwell's house, which is about a quarter of a mile from the Bull and Butcher; he was not at home. We found two sides of bacon, three cheeses, and a bag of seeds there. After that, I went to the prisoner, Fox's house, and found one side of bacon under his mattress, and a cheese under his bed, with a piece cut out of it, and some oatmeal in a bag. The night before this, I had seen Hutchinson, Ashwell, Johnson, and Beech, in company, at the Bull and Butcher, about twelve o'clock. I heard Ashwell say, "we will go down to the Bull, and see what is to be done with the old cheeseman, and see if there is any bacon or cheese to be had." Fox was not with them. They went away. I took Ashwell afterwards at the Bull and Butcher. Hutchinson had told me that two sides of bacon and three cheeses were at his house; he cried, and said they were there - I afterwards found them there. I took beech and Johnston at the same time. I told them I had been with the others that took the property - They made no reply. I took Fox about an hour after, at his own house. I told him Hutchinson said, that he awoke him in the morning, and said that he had stolen the things, and offered him half to keep them in his house, as he did not like them to be in the stable - He did not deny it. When he came to Hutchinson, he said, "You have brought me into a pretty job."


                  JOHN 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was with Jackson, and confirm what he has said.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I was horse-keeper at the Bull and Butcher. When the cart broke down, I, with Ashwell, Beech, and Johnston, helped the goods in again. I was with them at twelve o'clock, and Ashwell said he would go down to the Bull, and see the old cheeseman, and have some beer. I went there with him, Beech and Johnston; we had some beer, and when we came out, we went to the gates to see if we could get round to Freeman's cart. Ashwell said,
"we will get round to it." Ashwell, Beech, Johnson, and I, went to the gates, and Beech lifted me up. I got over the gate, and unfastened it, let them in, and shut it again; we all went in, and each loaded himself with what he liked. We took three sides of bacon, four cheeses, and a bag of seeds, and brought them to my stables. One piece of bacon, one cheese, and some oatmeal, were left for me; they said they would take the rest to Ashwell's house. I took them to Fox's house about five o'clock in the morning. I knocked at the door, he got up - He was not with us the night before. I took them into his house - He shut the door. I told him they came from an old man's cart, which had been overturned by the Bull and Butcher, and that I had fetched them from the Bull Inn yard, and mentioned the party. I told him, if he would take care of them, he should have half for his trouble. He said he would, and that I might have it cookde at his house. I left the bacon against the bed, and stood the cheese against the wall. I breakfasted with him, and went to my work-the officer took me up, and I told him about it.
Cross-examined. We were not alone at the public-house-anybody might have heard what Ashwell said. Ashwell did not pay the rest for their shares. I was in the stable when they took me they took a piece of paper out of the binn.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ASHWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BEECH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JOHNSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FOX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21,




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
