





1462. 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, seven handkerchiefs, value 16 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barnwell
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
, and one handkerchief, value 4 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Squib
                  



               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  SQUIB
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Squib
               



            ; I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barnwell
               



            , Esq., who lives at No. 5, Nottingham-place, New Road


. On Saturday, the 2d of October, about five minutes before one o'clock, I left these handkerchiefs safe on the dresser in the kitchen; I came down in about ten minutes, and missed them - I found them at Marlborough-street, where the prisoner was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I live at Mr. Williams's, High-street, Marylebone. On the 2d of October, about one o'clock, I was serving beer about Marylebone-place, and saw the prisoner and another in company in Devonshire-place; I went home, and saw them again about five minutes after one o'clock in Nottingham-place, one on each side of the street, looking down all the areas - they both came to the corner, and were in conversation together. The prisoner went down the area of No. 5, and came up with something under his coat, the other stood at the corner of the street - I left them. About three o'clock I heard of the robbery, and told what I had seen. I saw the prisoner in custody on the Monday; he is the man, on my oath.


                  JOHN 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Wardour-street. On the 2d of October I was passing in Nottingham-place, and saw the prisoner and another together; one said to the other,
"He is not coming!" I then watched them - they had black-lead pencils and sealing-wax for sale. They went as far as Berner-street, I then observed the prisoner was bulky, and stopped them both. I found six handkerchiefs under the other man's coat; he got away, and I kept the prisoner. Squib afterwards claimed them.
Prisoner. Q. Do you live in Wardour-street - A. Yes, at No. 11; there are two houses of that number.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. I know Hoare lives in Wardour-street. I was in Newman-street, saw the prisoner coming along very fast, and stopped him. He said he had done nothing, and begged of me to let him go. I took him back, Hoare said he was one of them, and I took him charge - I found a bundle of pencils on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went down a few areas to sell pencils. I saw a man in velveteen trowsers, and asked him if he wanted any? he said he did not; I went away. At the end of the street I passed the witnesses, why did they not take me then if they suspected me? I came to Berner-street, and the young man was in the witness's custody; he saw me, and let him go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
