





672. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of August
, a watch, value 5 l. a chain, value 1 l. a seal, value 10 s. and two keys, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gavins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GAVINS
               



            . I am a waiter
 at the Lock and Key, 62 Smithfield. On the 17th of August, I was going across Smithfield


 to call a coach for a gentleman that lodged in the house, about ten minutes past seven; on my return back, at the corner of Long-lane, a stick was thrown from some person at the corner, I picked it up; I had the stick in my hand, the prisoner came to the right side of me, caught hold of the chain of my watch, and pulled it out of my fob; I immediately caught hold of him by the right shoulder, and asked him what he was about; he made no reply; he attempted to escape, when he found he could not, he throwed the watch away. I loosened the prisoner directly to secure my property; two waggons were coming along; a waggoner picked up the case, and I the watch. The prisoner ran away towards Bartholomew's hospital.
Q. When did you get hold of the prisoner - A.In about twenty minutes afterwards, Branscomb brought in a man, which I thought was the man, who robbed me, but when I saw the prisoner brought into the house, I said, that is the man, the other is a mistake. The prisoner was brought in five minutes after the first man, and he appeared to be very much intoxicated at the time that he was brought in.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, is the prisoner the man that robbed you of the watch - A. Yes, I am certain he is the man.
Q. Had you time enough to observe that he was the man - A. Yes, I had him in my possession time enough to ascertain that he is the man.
Mr. Alley. How came you to say the other person was the man - A. Because I had not seen his face.


                  JAMES 
                  MERRY
               



            . I am an oilman, I live at the corner of Long-lane, West Smithfield. On the evening of the 17th of August, about ten minutes after seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner and 
               
                  John 
                  Gavins
               



             in a scuffle, in the scuffle I saw the watch go from one of them, the case went one way and the body another; the prosecutor immediately let go the prisoner and picked up his watch, the prisoner went towards the hospital gate. He returned back, in the course of ten minutes, opposite of the house again, where he was followed by two of his companions. In a few minutes after, I saw him taken into the Lock and Key, in Smithfield, by Eldridge and Branscomb.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man you saw - A. I am, and he was scuffling with Gavins.
Mr. Alley. The prisoner was a stranger to you - A. No, I had seen him in Smithfield two or three times a week, he is a pig drover
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of August, between seven and eight, I, in company with Branscomb, apprehended the prisoner, I took him into the room, the waiter had this stick in his hand, the prisoner said, that is my stick, I will swear to it; the waiter said, that is him, I made a mistake in the other man.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of it, I know nothing at all about it.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
