





1062. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FITZGERALD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , on the 26th of May
, on the King's highway, at St. Giles's in the Fields, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 7l.; three seals, value 3l., and one key, value 7s.
            , his property.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 26th of May, a little after twelve o'clock at night, I was in George-street, Bloomsbury


 I was going along the street two women were quarrelling, I stopped a moment or two to hear what passed, the prisoner and two other men were standing by, I then went on; the three men followed me very close, I gave way for them to pass me, when the prisoner hustled me off the curb stone, and then knocked my hat off I was rather alarmed - I caught my hat in my hand, while I was catching it one of the men took my watch from me in an instant, I felt it going, they then ran off as fast as possible; I called the watchman, he came up immediately and took the prisoner; the prisoner made a motion with his hand, which made me conclude that he was deaf and dumb. One of the other men, named 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



            , was taken and convicted last Sessions. I heard by their conversation that the prisoner had been fighting. Davis made some motion to the prisoner, and sparred at him. I am certain the prisoner is the man who knocked my hat off.
JAMES SULLIVAN. I am a watchman. On the 26th of May the prosecutor called watch, I went up, I was only thirty yards off, I saw them together; the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge, and we took him to the watch-house.
The prisoner being deaf and dumb, had the evidence communicated to him by an interpreter, and made the following
Defence. I am innocent. I was with a woman, the watchman collared me, and I struck the prosecutor.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



             re-examined. I believe a woman was passing at the time, but she was not with the prisoner. I am sure he was one of the party I never lost sight of him.
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
