






363. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     FEASEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, one gown, value 2 s., and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Sunshine
                        



                     
                  ; one shirt, value 6 d., the property of the 
                     
Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospitals of 
                              
                                 Edward 
                                 King
                              



                            of England, the 6th, of Christ's Hospital, and St. Thomas, the Apostle





                  ; one handkerchief, value 2 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Apthorp
                        



                     
                  ; one handkerchief, value 2 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lomas
                        



                     
                  ; eight handkerchiefs, value 6 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Bews
                        



                     
                  , and one handkerchief, value 2 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Henderson
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOSKINS
               



            . I am Superintendant of the female department of the Refuge for the Destitute, Shoreditch; the two prisoners were inmates

 there. Feasey came in in June, and Knight in January; I believe, they were both sent by the Lord Mayor - one was employed in the needle-room, and the other in the school, only to learn to read. On Wednesday, the 17th of February, between nine and ten o'clock, I was informed of their absence, and of the loss of a quantity of silk handkerchiefs. On searching the premises, ineffectually, for sometime, I watched in the street, and saw the prisoner, Feasey, jump over a gate of the premises belonging to our neighbour; I secured her, went over the gate into the neighbour's premises, and found the prisoner, Knight. I brought her into the house, and was informed that the property in question was in the yard where they jumped over from. I went there with a candle, and found it in the neighbour's yard.
Q. How did they get over - A. They got over at the end of the committee-room, by means of a short ladder - they must have got on each other's shoulders to get up - they must then have gone over the tiles, and dropped down near the front of the house.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SUNSHINE
               



            . I am a matron of the Refuge for the Destitue. I saw Mr. Hoskins come out of the adjoining premises, with the bundle. I can swear to the gown and two handkerchiefs. I believe they were all in my care.


                  ANN 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am also a matron in the Refuge. I know this property was under my care to wash.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FEASEY'S Defence. I was at school all day; at night, when we were going to prayer, Smith and Felton were going to run away, and had got the clothes, Knight came and asked me to run away with them, I said I would, but I knew nothing about the clothes.
KNIGHT'S Defence. Felton and Smith had the clothes, they took them as they were going to run away - they left them behind, and went to bed.
FEASEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
