





470. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BAMBRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        Penfold 
                        Greeves
                     




                  , a pocket-book, value 20 s. a 5 l. bank note, and a 1 l. bank note, his property
            .

PENFOLD GREEVES. I am a cotton manufacturer
. I had my pocket picked on Monday last, about a quarter before five, in Fleet-street


, opposite St. Dunstan's church. I was walking along; I felt a person touch me behind; I immediately looked round, and saw the prisoner withdraw his hand from my pocket, with the pocket-book in it. I seized him by the coat with one hand, and followed his hand with the other, and supposing he would put it into his own pocket from the appearance and the direction he took, I accused him of picking my pocket. He denied it, and asked me to search him. I did not search him, but held him, and sent for a constable. I first prevailed upon a gentleman at a bookseller's shop to admit him in, while a constable was sent for. He searched him, but no pocket-book was found upon him. A gentleman who was crossing the street; (he is here; the prisoner heard what he said); he said he saw the prisoner take the pocket-book, and put it behind him, and give it to another person who was in company with him at the time. I absolutely saw his hand with the pocket-book in it.
EDWARD M'GOWER. In crossing at the corner of St. Dunstan's church, I observed the prisoner take out of the prosecutor's pocket his pocket-book; he put his hand behind him, and transmitted it to his accomplice's hand. I kept my eye particularly on the prisoner. The person that received the book went away. I was some distance from the person. I came up to the prosecutor, and stated what I had seen.
Prisoner's Defence. The constable found twenty-nine shillings and my handkerchief about me; he returned me my handkerchief, and kept my silver.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
