





348. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CROWDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of February
, eight ounces of paper, value 3 d. the property
             of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lowe
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lowe
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am clerk to John and 
               
                  William 
                  Lowe
               



            , they are solicitor

s in Tanfield Court Temple.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. A bricklayer
 I believe, I made up the parcel of paper and directed it, and gave it to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gardner
               



             the boy on the 28th of February, between six and seven in the evening, he was to take it to the Bull and Mouth, Bull and Mouth Street, the parcel was directed for Robinson and Wheeler, they are agents, it contained instructions concerning an agreement of an enclosure, the instructions that Mr. Shephard had prepared and a letter, and the letter was directed to them, that was all that was in the parcel.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEARN
               



            . I am a shoemaker, employed by Dickson and Co. Cheapside, going down St. Anns Lane


 I observed the prisoner and three young men going towards St. Martins le Grand, one past me on my left hand and two of them passed me on my right, and one was behind the one who passed me on my left hand, I observed they crossed towards Bull and Mouth Street, and I saw a boy about twelve years of age crossing towards Bull and Mouth Street, as soon as ever the person on my left hand observed the boy he called the two who were going down Aldersgate Street to the right, and as soon as he called the other two I heard the boy ask him which was Bull and Mouth Street, I saw the prisoner take a parcel from the boy and turn round, he did not take it by violence, he put it into his breast pocket, or inside of his coat and waistcoat, I ran to take him, and as soon as I got to him the other two whom he had called tried to get him out of my hand, I had but one hand at liberty, I had goods in the other, on the two men finding they could not rescue him they left me, and the prisoner struck me, I drew of one side and collared him again and held him until I got assistance.
Q. You never lost sight of him. - A. No,
Q. Did you find the goods upon him. - A. No, I had but one hand at liberty else I could have taken them, the goods were picked up by a gentleman and given to me.


                  CHARLES 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I had been with a parcel to the Swan and Two Necks, Lad Lane, and I was going to the Bull and Mouth with another parcel, I asked the prisoner the way to the Bull and Mouth, he asked me where the parcel was directed to, I told him, he asked me to let him look at it, I gave it into his hand, and he put the parcel into the inside of his coat, it appeared to me that it went into his pocket, and then he set off with it, I ran after him and hallowed out stop thief, Mr. Hearn stopped him, he held him while he got some more people, he took him into a house, they searched him and found nothing, the parcel was brought in by a gentleman and given to Mr. Hearn.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I produce the parcel, I was coming by at the time, I took him in custody, searched him and found nothing. I weighed it, it weighed half a pound.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it, The shoemakers oath ought not to be taken, he has been convicted at Westminster for body snatching.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
