






58. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GOLDIE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ORAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRISON
               



            , ESQ. I am one of his Majesty's Counsel, and live in Lincoln's Inn Fields. On the 25th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I was coming up the Strand


, a little before I came to Exeter Change an officer asked if my pocket had not been picked; I felt, and said I did not perceive that I had lost any thing, and walked on. I was asked again, and gave the same answer. When I came nearly opposite Wellington-street the officer produced a handkerchief, and begged I would look at it in a shop - it was mine, and was in my pocket when I left home. I found the prisoners in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer of St. Sepulchre. On the 25th of November I was in the Strand, about six o'clock in the evening, and saw the two prisoners, in company with another, at the end of a court in the narrow part of the Strand; I went into a passage opposite to watch them, Mr. Harrison came in a direction towards the City, and passed the court where they stood, immediately all three came out, and followed him closely. I saw Goldie put his hand into Mr. Harrison's pocket, the other two covering him - he took a hankerchief out, and gave it to Oram. I immediately seized them. Read, who was with me, took Oram, and charged him with having the handkerchief; he said he had just picked it up - at first he denied having it. Read took the other. I sent a watchman after Mr. Harrison. I then went up to him myself, and he claimed the handkerchief.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I was with Thompson, and saw the prisoners, with a third person, in the court, they followed Mr. Harrison. I saw Goldie go between them - the others covered him - Thompson was nearer than me; I could not see what they did. I laid hold of Oram, the other two ran away. I seized Goldie about fifty yards off - I never lost sight of him.
GOLDIE'S Defence. I saw a mob, ran across the road; they collared me, and took me into a shop. The gentleman cannot say whether he dropped it or not. The officer said there were four of us in company.
ORAM'S Defence. I was coming along the Strand, in the scuffle I picked up a handkerchief, and put into my my pocket. I stood still to see who had lost it.
GOLDIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ORAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
