





822. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
; a time piece, value 1 l. four silver tea spoons, value 6 s. a plated sturer, value 1 s. 6 d. a tablecloth, value 7 s. a shawl, value 2 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. a half handkerchief, value 1 s. two yards of cotton, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. six yards of black stuff, value 10 s. a counterfeit seven shilling piece, value 6 d. two counterfeit sixpence, value 1 d. a Spanish dollar, value 4 s. three shillings, twenty sixpences, and six hundred and twenty-four halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dunn
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DUNN
               



            . I live at the White Horse, Turnmill-street


. On Sunday the 26th of September I went to bed and fastened the house as usual, the house was shut up at eleven o'clock; I dare say I got into bed as the clock struck twelve; on the 26th in the morning, I was alarmed by hearing some person in the bar; I struck a light and came down stairs with a candle in my hand and saw nobody in the bar; I went to the tap-room door and heard a noise, I supposed there must be somebody in the room, I went up stairs and alarmed my wife, saying, there were thieves in the house; she looked out of the window and alarmed the watchman, I then came down stairs again and went towards the tap-room and heard a bustling, I waited till a lodger came down to open the door to the watchmen; then three watchmen came in, they went into the taprooms and found the prisoner there, he was taken in custody, he begged for mercy, saying the property that he had got on his person all belonged to me, he would surrender it up, he emptied his pockets, pulled out four silver spoons, a plated sturer, a quantity of halfpence, some bad sixpences, and a Spanish dollar, they were all in my possession on the over night; a dial was taken from the bar, and put against the tap-room door, with a bundle containing all the articles in the indictment; we then took him to the watchhouse.
Q. How did he get in, do you know - A. No; the prisoner was at my house in the afternoon; I saw himI do not recollect seeing him go out, I suppose he concealed himself, as there was no place broken open.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a watchman; I went into the house, Mr. Dunn said there was somebody in the house; I saw the property lay against the tap-room door. When the tap room door was opened, there was the prisoner, he was laying by the settle, under the table: the prisoner emptied his pockets and said, it was through bad women and being in liquor that he did it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am constable of the night. When the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse, there was eight shillings in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I plead guilty of being in the house and being intoxicated, I did not know what I was about.
GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
