






1350. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, one bridle-bit, value 3 s.; one jacket, value 8 s., one pair of breeches, value 10 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hughes
                        



                     
                  ; and one pair of spurs, value 2 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Beswick
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hughes
               



            , who is a hackneyman
, and lives in Brownlow-mews. On the 3d of August, Beswick had driven a postchaise for us to Southall, and as he returned, he met with an accident; the prisoner brought the chaise to the mews for him, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning - he helped to do up the horses. I asked him if he wanted a job? He said he did, and I told him he might come next morning, and do Beswick's work. About six o'clock in the morning he came; I gave him the key of the stable, out of the window, then dressed myself, and found that Watson, my horse-keeper, was also come. About half-past eight o'clock Watson said the prisoner had done his work. I said he might stop, but he said he could not, as he had got a job; I gave him 2 s., and as he went out of the mews, I told Watson to go and fetch my husband's blue jacket, which I had lent to Beswick.


                  SARAH 
                  BESWICK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Beswick
               



            . On the 3d of August, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and said Mrs. Hughes had sent for a jacket and pair of breeches, which she had lent my husband. I was going up stairs; he went up with me, shook hands with my husband, and said,
"How are you, Tom?" He then said he was sent for the breeches and jacked, and I gave them to him; he staid there about half an hour. After he was gone I missed the spurs off my husband's boots, which were by the side of the bed, where the prisoner sat. I immediately went to Mrs. Hughes, and found she had not sent him, then went in pursuit, and found him in Tottenham-court-road, about half-past twelve o'clock, with the spurs on. I followed him to the Rising Sun, public-house - I went in to him. The landlord pushed him out of the house, and refused to take him into custody, although he was a constable, as he had a staff - he said that was only to protect his own house. I followed the prisoner across the road; he said he would go and tell Tom that I had charged a constable with him. He ran into my house, which was just by, told my husband that I was a base woman for charging a constable with him, and said
"Here is the spurs, I only borrowed them for half an hour to go with a horse." My husband said,
"I don't care for my spurs, where are my master's clothes?" He said,
"I have carried them home my boy, and given them to the old woman." I said he had not - he said,
"Yes I have, and gave them to the young covey. He endeavoured to get out, but two men came to my assistance, and kept him till the constable came and took him. I saw the clothes at the office.


                  JAMES 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hella, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Rathbone-place. On the 3d of August, between ten and eleven o'clock, the prisoner pledged the jacket and breeches with me, for 8 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for, and took the prisoner. He said it would be all right when Mrs. Beswick came back. I found a bit in his hat, and the duplicate of the clothes in his shoes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I meant to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
