






313. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BIBBY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RAY-MEN
                  , alias 
KEY





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, in the King's highway, on the 22d of January
, and for putting her in fear and taking from her person and against her will, one half shawl, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Evans
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live with my father, in Elder Walk, Lower Islington. My father's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Evans
               



            . On the 22d of January last, I was coming up Green Man-Lane


, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and a mob passed me; a few minutes after that, two men came up to me, and snatched my shawl off, suddenly; the prisoners at the bar were the men; and Bibby is the man who snatched the shawl.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am classical assistant to a school at Shacklewell. On the 22d of January last, I was walking from Kingsland to Islington, at about half past four in the afternoon; I first came up with a woman named York; she was in a very distressed state; and in consequence of something she complained off; I immediately went after the prisoner, who were in sight. I jumped upon a hackney coach, and got before them, unobserved. They went into a publick-house, and I followed them in; when I went to apprehend them, Bibby swore he would blow my bloody brains out. I did not see what he produced at that time. I afterwards saw a pistol lying under the seat where he had sat, which was loaded with powder and ball. The prisoners were searched in my presence, and a shawl was found in Key's hat


                  THOMAS 
                  HEBARD
               



            . I am headborough of Islington I produce the shawl which was delivered into my charge, and which I have had ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BIBBY, GUILTY, aged 29,
RAYMAN, GUILTY, aged 18,
Of 


               stealing, but not of the assault
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
