





1028. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November, 1818
, two hand-glasses, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Currie
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWDING
               



            . I am gardner to 
               
                  Mark 
                  Currie
               



            , who lives in the parish of Hayes


. On Saturday, the 21st of November, I placed eighteen hand-glasses over the cauliflowers; on Sunday, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I missed two glasses, and two plumtrees, which were growing in the garden. On Monday, in consequence of information, I went to Sanson's - the first thing I saw, on going into the garden, was one of the hand-glasses; I claimed it. She said,
"Here is the person I bought them of;" pointing to the prisoner, who stood close by - she said she gave him 6 s. for the trees and glasses, and showed me the trees; I knew them directly to be my master's. The moment she pointed the prisoner out he escaped; I pursued, but lost him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARY 
                  SANSON
               



            . My husband is a carpenter. On Sunday morning, the 22d of November, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner brought two glasses and two trees to sell - he said one was a plumtree, but he did not know what the other was. I agreed to give him 5 s. for them, and put them into my garden; he was to call next day for the money. He came on Monday, about five o'clock, Dowding came at the same time. I pointed the prisoner out to him, who ran away. He said his name was Pearce. He never returned for the money.
Prisoner. It is a folly to say any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
