






106. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GERAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, having in his custody and possession, divers forged bank notes for the payment of two pounds, he well knowing them to be forged and counterfeited
            .
And SEVERAL OTHER COUNTS for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



             Q. You are one of the inspectors of the bank - A. I am.
Q. In consequence of any information that you received did you in December last go to the lodgings of the prisoner at the bar - A. I did; on the 16th of December; to No. 2, New-court, Peter's-lane


, in the parish of St. Sepulchre's; I found him and his wife there.
JOHN FOY. Q. You are an officer of Marlborough-street - A. I am.
Q. Did you in December last, and on what day, go to the lodgings of the prisoner - A. On the 16th of December last, to No. 2, New-court, Peter's-lane, Cow Cross. I searched the lodgings, there I found eleven one pound notes, and four two's, I wrote my name on them; I found them up the chimney, they were wrapped up in a piece of paper, and outside of that a piece of black oilskin; these are the same wrappers; and there I found a quantity of good money of different descriptions, dollars, shillings, sixpences, and halfpence.
Q. In what situation did you find them - A. I found fifteen or sixteen dollars under a pan with some old clothes over them; and the halfpence underneath pieces of bricks and broken pans.
Q. What is the situation of the prisoner at the bar in life - A. He stated himself to be a watchman in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell.
Q. I believe before you searched these lodgings and found the notes, you had apprehended the prisoner - A.I had; when I apprehended him I locked the door and took the key with me; on my return I opened the door with the same key; the room was apparently in the same situation in which I had left it.
COURT. This was the room in which the prisoner lodged - A. Yes.
Q. Who lived in the room - A. In the morning I found him and his wife in bed; I found them together when I apprehended them.
Q. At the time that you found these articles there was nobody but you and the persons that you took with you - A. No.
Q. There was neither the prisoner nor his wife - A. No.
Mr. Knapp to Mr. Glover. You went to the prisoner's lodgings on the 16th of December in company with 
               
                  John 
                  Foy
               



             and his brother - A. I did.
Q. What passed when you came there - this was before they were apprehended, on the 16th of December. You found the prisoner and his wife there - A. I did.
Q.Did you make it known to them for what purpose you had come there - A.I mentioned it to her in the presence of the prisoner; I asked her respecting the note that she paid to Mrs. Clarke; I asked her where she got that note, she told me she found it near the Horns public house, crossing St. John-street; I asked her what time of the day it was when she found it; the husband and wife were both together there the whole time; she told me it was after dark; I asked her if she had any person with her at the time she found it; she said there was not, I asked her how she found it, she said it was wrapped up in a bit of paper; I then asked her if there was any other note with it; she said no, there was not; I then asked the prisoner if he knew of his wife finding the note; he said he knew nothing at all about it; after this Foy was proceeding to search her, he found a number of seven shilling pieces, I did not count them, there appeared to be six or seven upon her; I then questioned her again respecting this note; she then said that she found several notes in the same parcel; I asked her how many, she said, about six. I then asked her if she had any of them by her, she said she paid them all away. I asked her if she paid a note to Mr. Osborne, she said she had. The prisoner then said, my wife is telling you stories, I found them, and I gave the notes to her; he said he found them on his beat. He had before described himself to be a watchman. That is all the conversation I had; they were then taken in custody to Marlborough-street.
Q. Did you afterwards return with Foy the officer - A. I did, about four hours afterwards, to the same house; I saw the officer lock the door before he went away; when we returned we went up to the same room; I saw the officer unlock the door.
Q. Were you present when the notes were found in the way which Foy has described - A. I was; I was close to him. I received the notes from the officer, Foy, after he had marked them.
Q. Look at these two's, are these part of the notes which were found as he has described in the chimney - A. These are two of the notes, and they are a forgery throughout; they are not the impression from bank plates; they are not the paper used by the bank, nor are they the signatures of persons at the bank, nor the water mark.
Q. Now look at the others and tell me whether they form a part of those found in the chimney; there are two two's, are they from the same plate with the first I handed to you - A. The two's appear to be from the same plate, and filled up by the same hand, and the same figures. The eleven ones appear to be from the same plate, and filled up with the same hand; they are all of them forged. (The note read.)


                  CHARLES 
                  KAY
               



            . Q. Were you present at the examination of the prisoner at Marlborough-street office - A. I was.
Q. Did you take down what the prisoner then stated before the magistrate - A. I did.
Q. Was any promise made to him, or any threat held out to him before he was examined - A. None whatever.
COURT. Did the magistrate take down, or his clerk take down in writing his examination - A. No.
Mr. Bosanquet. State to the court what the prisoner then said - A. I committed it to writing what he said.
COURT. You cannot read it, you may look at it to refresh your memory - A. He was asked by the magistrate if he knew why he was brought there, if he knew the charge; he said he was brought there upon a charge of forged notes that he had found.
COURT. Was this before Foy and Glover had been back and found the notes - A. Yes.
Q. That was respecting the notes that were put off by the wife - A. Yes. There was no distinct chargeagainst the prisoner. The magistrate asked him where he had found the notes; he said he had found them on his beat in St. James's church-yard; the magistrate asked him what part of the church-yard; he answered that he had found them by the rails in a tin case in the church-yard, that it was early in the morning, before it was light, that he saw the tin case by the light of his lanthorn against the rails; that he had counted the number of the notes, but he did not how many there were, but they consisted of one and two pound notes; that he had found them about a fortnight ago, kept them four or five days, and delivered them to his wife; the magistrate asked him if he had received any change of any of the notes; he said that he had received some of the change; he was then asked whether he had mentioned it to any body; he said, no, but to his wife; he was desirous of mentioning the circumstance to the vestry clerk, but his wife desired him not.
Q. Did he say whether he or his wife had passed some of the notes he so found - A. Yes; he said his wife had passed some of the notes he so found, and he had received the change.
MRS. BENNETT. Q. The house, No. 2, is your house - A. Yes; I keep it.
Q. The prisoner occupies the top room up two pair of stairs - A. He and his wife occupied that room together, nobody else had any business with that room; they were the only persons that had access to that room.
Q. You remember the officers coming to your house - A. Yes; it was on a Saturday, and they returned again; I was not in the house at the time they went in, I was down stairs sifting cinders, I saw them go in.
Q. Who was in the house during the time the officers had the key - A.
               
                   
                  Sarah Pearce
               

            .
Q. The officers had the key of the room, therefore you could not go in the room - A. No, sir, I never attempted it.


                  SARAH 
                  PEARCE
               



            . Q. You live at No. 2 - A. Yes.
Q. During the time the officers were gone, and the prisoners were taken away, and before the officers returned, did you go into that room - A. No; I did not go into that room that time.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the notes upon my beat as I before said.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
