





324. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of January
, a broach, value 7 s. two tea-spoons, value 4 s. a silver-pipe-tip, value 1 s. and five pieces of silver, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Thomas
                  




               
             the elder
.


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            . My father is not here his name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Thomas
               



            , his shop is No, 3. in the Strand


, the prisoner lived with us as shop boy
; since the 28th of May last, we discovered laterly, that money and other property was going at different times.
Q. On the 29th of January last did you and your mother search the bed on which the prisoner laid - A. We did, in a reces in the shop we discovered a paper under the bed, containing some pieces of silver, and two silver tea spoons; and on the bed labels of vials that contained spirits; the whole of which property we had taken about a week since in our business. On the 30th of January I went for Donaldson, he produced the boy the things found under the bed, and asked him if he knew any thing about them; the boy replied he did not; Donaldson then searched his person, and found in his pocket some keys. that would open a drawer in a pembroke table, in which my mother keeps her keys; the key of a wine celler a key of a cask of home made wine; I brought his box out of the kitchen, Donaldson searched it, we found the duplicate of a broach that he had pawned for three shillings, this he acknowledged to be his, and said he had found the broach, this broach I believe to be my fathers, I found a black jewellers case, that case contained several small pieces of silver; among them a silver pipe-tip belonging to my father.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am an officer. The evidence he has been given is all correct, I produce the keys that is the key which opens the pembroke table, this key opens the padlock in the cellar, and this is the duplicate I took out of his pocket; he admitted it to be his.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in June last I took in a broach, my duplicate tallies with the duplicate that Donaldson produces. This is the broach.
Prosecutor. I believe that broach to be my father's.
Prisoner's Defence, I stand before you, charged with the commission of an act, I trust I shall be found innocent. I consider the total stolen to be two silver tea spoons, two small pieces of silver, and a pipe tip; the articles in the indictment were found under my bed; they are stated to be the property of Mr. Thomas with whom I lived as errand boy; the articles were found under my bed; my bed place is in a recess in the shop; over which is a case containing silver articles; these articles might have fallen in; the gold broach was never the property of the prosecutor; I found the same in the street. near two years ago, the truth of which my father in law 
               
                  John 
                  Shears
               



             can testify, This is the first time in my life that I have been charged with committing a felony. I lived with Mr. Chambers in Watling street, two years, and with Mr. Fletcher, who is in court, to express his perfect readiness, to take me into his employ. Being early deprived of my parents, induces me to hope I shall be entitled to mercy.



               GUILTY
             aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
