





1312. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, one pocket-book, value 7 s.; four pieces of foreign gold coin, value 20 s., and two sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard Stonhewer 
                           Illingworth
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  STONHEWER ILLINGWORTH
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Waterloo-place, Pall Mall. On the 19th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was passing through the narrow part of the Strand, from Exeter Change


 to the other side, a person came up, and said my pocket had been picked. I felt, and missed my pocketbook - it contained several memorandums, two sovereigns, and four Portuguese gold coins. It was safe in my coat-pocket when I left my house. The prisoner was stopped, but I never found it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you been far - A. Only to Exeter Change.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROBINS
               



            . I live in Bedfordbury. I was in the Strand, and saw the prisoner catch hold of the prosecutor's coat with his left hand, and lift it up, then put his right hand into the left hand pocket, two others who were with him, at that instant closed upon him, and sheltered him from view. They kept following the prosecutor until he got to Southampton-street. One of them had a large bludgeon. I crossed to the other side of the way, they turned up Southampton-street. I informed Mr. Illingworth his pocket had been picked, and pointed to the prisoner, the prosecutor's son secured him - the others walked back into the Stand. I am sure I saw the prisoner's hand in the prosecutor's pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was delivered to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
