






1048. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUGGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  M'CARTY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Latham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  LATHAM
               



            . I live in Figtree-court, Temple. On the 9th of July, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, near the end of Wild-street


, with a gentleman, some persons seized the prisoners, brought them up to us, and produced my handkerchief to me - it was safe just before. I did not feel it taken.


                  JAMES 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am assistant to my brother. On the 9th of July I was at the corner of Great Queen-street, and saw three boys following the gentleman. I saw the prisoners close to the gentleman's pocket - the third was behind; I saw Duggan put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, he turned round immediately, and both walked away - the other ran up Wild-street; my brother seized them both. M'Carty slipped away, I secured him, and never lost sight of him. I found the handkerchief on Duggan.


                  JOHN 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners close to the pastrycook's at the corner of Great Queen-street - Duggan lifted the prosecutor's pocket up. I crossed over, and saw him putting the handkerchief in his bosom. I caught hold of both, M'Carty got away, but my brother seized him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DUGGAN'S Defence. I found it.
DUGGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
M'CARTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
