





1011. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, one silver spoon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Shaw
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  CORNELL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Shaw
               



            , who is an attorney
, and lives in Old Bond-street


. The prisoner was an upholsterer's man
, and came to work in the house on the 11th of June. About three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him in the kitchen; he came there to wash his hands, and afterwards went up stairs. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I took a note to his master. I saw a handkerchief found on him.


                  DANIEL 
                  CULLIMORE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Stolworthy, upholsterer, who lives in Hatton-garden. The prisoner was sent to Mr. Shaw's by me. In the evening, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cornell
               



             brought me a letter, informing me of the loss of the spoon. The prisoner was present at its delivery, but ran away before he knew the contents of it. He knew the servant. The prisoner ran away, although my master asked him to go and have some refreshment. He returned in ten minutes, and said he had been for some tea. When he returned, I showed him the letter; he cried. I told him there was a spoon missing, and he must be searched. He said he had not got it. He was searched, and a handkerchief was found on him, marked 
               R. 
            Shaw, and 17s. We took him to the watch-house. He said he had taken the spoon from the house, and had laid it in the back-yard of a house in Castle-street, opposite a chandler's shop; he said he meant to return it. I went with Brown to No. 2, Castle-street, and found it there. It is not two minutes' walk from my master's.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I took the prisoner in charge. I went with Cullimore to the house in Castle-street, and found the spoon in the yard.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
