






622. 
               
                  
                     JEMIMA 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of June
, eighteen yards of ribbon, value 17 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Stubbs
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  SARAH 
                  STUBBS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Stubbs
               



            ; he is a haberdasher
; he lives at 51, Holborn; I cannot say the name of the parish. On the 5th of June, some time before five o'clock, the two prisoners came in together; I was in the shop when Bowers asked for ribbons; I shewed them some. Bowers took off Fitzgerald's bonnet, said she wanted ribbon to trim it; she put the bonnet on the drawer, in which the ribbons were, and with her hand that was under the bonnet, she took a piece of ribbon. I did not see the colour of the ribbon, but by the motion of her hand, I perceived that she had taken a piece of ribbon.
Q. Did you perceive that - A. I did. I perceived that by her motion of her arm, that she took a piece of ribbon from the drawer; this was Bowers, and by some management or other, she got the ribbon out of the drawer, and put it down by her side. When I detected her, Bowers had got the ribbon into Fitzgerald's hands; by what manner I cannot say; her hands were under the counter.
Q. Did you give any alarm before any thing was said about missing any ribbon - A. Fitzgerald said, she had paid me for what ribbon they had; I said, no. She said, very likely it had fallen down; I told her, I looked for the money on the counter. I told them if the money had fallen down, it had fallen on their side of the counter. I pushed Bowers away from the counter very easily, but when I came to push Fitzgerald, she would not move. I at last with great force, pushed her away; I was leaning over the counter; then she caught the ribbon in her hand.
Q. Are you sure just before that, that piece of ribbon was not on the ground - A. Yes, I am; I am certain it had been in the drawer. I leaned over, and saw her catch the ribbon; I saw the ribbon then, and its colour. Then I went round the counter; I took hold of Fitzgerald's arm, and told her she had got a piece of ribbon; she then put it on the counter.
Q. Now, at the time you saw Bowers take Fitzgerald's bonnet off and put it on the drawer, and you saw her take a piece of ribbon out, from that time until this time, how long might it be - A. It might be a minute and a half, not more.
Q. When she put it on the counter, did you look at it and see what it was - A. Yes; it is here; the officer has it. This is the piece of ribbon; there is eighteen yards of it; it is of the value of seventeen shillings; there is my shop mark upon it. I sent for an officer. 
               
                  Jemima 
                  Bowers
               



             went away in the mean time. One only of them was taken in custody at that time; Fitzgerald stopped; Bowers did not.
Q. How came you to let her go away - A. I had only a boy and a young man in the shop, they did not know any thing of the business; there was nobody but me to manage the business. It was not with my consent that she went away; she went away because I could not stop her.
Bowers. Q. Are you sure I am the person - A. I am; you were in my shop three minutes. I had seen you before. I had seen you in my shop twice before that, and suspected you.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I apprehended both the prisoners.
Bowers's Defence. I went to Hatton Garden office; at the same time, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Fitzgerald
               



             was there; I never saw the ribbon, nor do I know any thing of the young woman.
BOWERS, GUILTY, aged 20,
FITZGERALD, GUILTY, aged 20,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
