





776. 
               
                  JOSIAH 
                  WHARTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of September
, a turkey stone, value 5 s. and a saw, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tanner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TANNER
               



            . I am a wheelwright
, I live near the Stones-end Southwark.
Q. Did you lose a saw at any time, and a turkey stone - A. Yes, I lost them out of my shop, on the 3d of September. I left them on the 2d at night, and missed them the next morning, betwixt six and seven. I saw the turkey stone at the office the next day, and the prisoner in custody; I also missed an axe, it was never found.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an office. I apprehended the prisoner in Red-lion-yard, Red-lion-street, Clerkenwell, about two o'clock in the middle of day; he was in bed with his clothes on; when I went into the room I saw a quantity of tools; knowing that Mr. Tanner had lost a turkey stone out of the frame I looked in the drawer, and found that turkey stone was afterwards claimed by Mr. Tanner. I asked the prisoner how he came by it; he said the whole of the tools was his own property. I told him to get up he was my prisoner, he did, I went to hand-cuff him, he made some resistance; I took a pistol out and said I would shoot him; he after that surrendered, I searched about the room and found some duplicates; one a saw, pawned for a shilling, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wharton
               



            , the pawnbroker produced it before the magistrate, and Mr. Tanner claimed it. I found a quantity of tools in the prisoner's apartment; he said they were his own, he bought them of a man.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAISY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Chapman,pawnbroker, 50, St. John Street. I produce a saw, pawned on the 4th of September, this is the duplicate, it corresponds with that produced by Hutt.
Prisoner's Defence. The property was picked up in the street by Newington-causeway, in a nail bag, and more property that is to be owned.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
