





1361. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GROVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, one watch, value 30s.; one seal, value 1s.; two watch-keys, value 6d., and one piece of ribbon, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gwilliams
               




            .
SAMUEL GWILLIAMS. On the 1st of August, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, when I came home, I found the prisoner in the house. I missed my watch, which I had left safe. As I was taking him before a magistrate, he told me if I took up two boys I should get my watch again. My wife was at home - She is ill.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I live in Harford-place, Haggerston


-the prosecutor lives there also. I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutor's house, with the watch in his hand; he ran off - I was very near him; the watch appeared white. Mr. Davis, the publican, took him. I do not know what he did with the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I live at Haggerston. About three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner sitting on a bench with two other boys, opposite the prosecutor's house - I was sitting on the same bench myself, but farther on. I afterwards saw the prisoner run out of the prosecutor's house with a silver watch in his hand. I called out Stop thief! and told Mr. Davis, he stopped him. Before he was stopped, he had passed the two boys who had been with him - They said they would run round and meet him; he was within a yard of them. I kept sight of him all the while, but do not know what was done with the watch.
SAMUEL GWILLIAMS re-examined. My watch was a silver one; it had a black ribbon, and was worth 30s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY WELLS
               



            . I saw the prisoner sitting on a bench opposite the prosecutor's house, with some other boys. I saw him give the watch to two boys; he went round the corner of Davis's house, into a brick-field; Davis ran out, and took him there.
Q. What colour was the watch - A. White, with a black ribbon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
