





676. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, a set of half tester bed furniture, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Howard
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a broker
; I live in Shoe-lane


. On the evening of the 8th of August, I was in my parlour, I saw the prisoner and another woman walk very quick into the shop; I went immediately forward; I suspected the prisoner had some intention; I watched her; she was in the shop three or four minutes, and these suspicions wore off; she asked the price of several tin saucepans; she changed them about a good deal from one place to another, and then went to the corner of the front of the house, and after cheapening another, she was going away; immediately upon it the next door neighbour, Mrs. Williams, came out, and said give the man the property that you have got under your clothes; her reply was, woman, what do you mean by it; I have none of his property. Immediately upon that the woman that came with the prisoner ran out of the shop, which convinced me that my neighbour was right in her suspicion; a tuftle then ensued between my neighbour, and the prisoner; I took care that the prisoner should not go away, and in two or three minutes; my neighbour took from under the prisoner's clothes the furniture. That furniture had lain in the middle of the shop upon a table before the prisoner came in; I then endeavoured to secure her. After three or four minutes I could not succeed; the street-keeper came and secured her; she then begged my pardon and hoped I would not prosecute her, but let her go home, and that the woman that came with her had made her drunk, and told her to put the furniture in her apron.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live next door to Mr. Howard. I received information that the woman that cheapened the saucepan had a bundle under her apron; I went up to her and turned the apron of oneside; I saw rings of curtains, I took it from her, and gave it to Mr. Howard.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence; called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
