






221. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUMMERSTON
                  




               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 23d of December
, at Hornsey


, about one o'clock in the night in a garden-ground belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did break fifty shrubs, value 20 s., his property, in the said garden-ground standing
             and being, against the statute.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating that they did spoil instead of break.
THIRD COUNT, the same as the first, omitting the word break, and substituting the word destroy.
FOURTH COUNT, the same as the first, only substituting the word steal, instead of break.
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, the same, only stating them to be growing in a certain enclosed ground, instead of a garden.


                  THOMAS 
                  BREWER
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Johnson
               



            , who lives at Muswell-hill, Hornsey; he had a quantity of shrubs in the pleasure ground, which is fenced all round. On the 23d of November, at seven o'clock at night, I saw them all safe; next morning I found a quantity of holly, saffrons, Rhoda bendrams, and other evergreens, cut and taken away. About eight o'clock the officer came, and produced shrubs of this description they had been partly cut, and then torn away; those produced tallied exactly with what were left, and I am certain are part of those lost; they will never return again to their proper maturity. The damage done was upwards of 20 s. The prisoners lived at Highgate.


                  THOMAS 
                  IZARD
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 23d of December, a little after one o'clock in the morning, I was with Davenport, and met the prisoners in Coney Hatch-lane with two bundles of holly and other evergreens - one had his bundle on his head, and the other on his shoulder, with a pole. Fisher said he brought it from Hadley, and threw his bundle down, and said he would carry it no further. I asked them whom they had it from? they said they had it from a gardener, and gave 2 s. 6 d. for it. I have been a gardener myself, and told them I was sure no gardener would ever presume to cut such shrubs as those. Hummerston told Fisher he had better take his bundle up, and go along with it, which he did, and we put them into the cage. They said they had stolen them, but they did not say where from. I found a knife on each of them - one was a gardener's knife, was all green, and appeared to have been fresh used; the other was a shoemaker's knife - there was a notch in each knife, which being compared with the shrubs, agreed with it. I have no doubt but they were cut with those knives. No gardener would cut such shrubs as those. I shewed them to Brewer, and they tallied with the trees.


                  THOMAS 
                  BREWER
               



             re-examined. The pole is my master's, and laid just by the holly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I was with Izard; he has spoken correctly.
The prisoners pleaded distress.
FISHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
HUMMURSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
