





743. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BEATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of August
, a coat, value 1 l. a handkerchief, value 6 d. a rule, value 2 s. and forty-eight half-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Marsh
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MARSH
               



            . I am a plumber and glazier
, I live in Little Russell-street, Bloomsbury. On Saturday night, the 24th of August I went out to spend the evening along with some friends, we kept it up until one o'clock in the morning; going along Drury-lane I met the prisoner.
Q. You were the worse for liquor - A. No, I was as sober as I am now. The prisoner asked me to go with her; it being late I agreed to go with her. I went home with her, she persuaded me stop with her all night, I told her I had no objection to stop with her till daylight; I undressed myself and went to bed; I did not find things pleasant; I told her I should stop about half an hour. I got up, she still persuaded me to stop till day light; I told her I could not, I did not like the apartment. I had given her what I had agreed for. I sat down on the chair, and when I was tying my stocking on, she said if you do not give me more money I will charge the watch with you; she took my coat and ran off; I did not miss my coat till a few minutes afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  MANTZ
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday night I received information of the prosecutor. I went with him and took the girl in custody.
Q. Did you find any coat there - A. I did not.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man with my eyes. When I got home on Sunday morning it was nigh four o'clock, that man come on the Sunday night and took me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
