






997. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, four shawls, value 38s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walker
               



            , who is a dyer
, and lives at Mount-terrace, Whitechapel


. On the 6th of June, at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was cleaning the step of my door, and observed two boys coming towards the house; I soon after saw them return - I called to one of them, and asked him what he had been doing in the shop? - I saw him near the shop-door-Cood was one of them. The other boy

 turned round and said "We have been in to ask whether it is an old clothes-shop." I saw something red under Cood's arm, he was foremost. I knew there were six shawls on the counter five minutes before. I ran into the shop, and missed four crimson shawls. I pursued across the road into Mount-street, and saw the prisoner, Allen, walking on the pavement, which is not within view of the shop. I asked him to pursue those boys, as they had robbed me of four shawls - He immediately pursued after Cood. He and the boy made a stop at the end of the street, as if they were stopped by the posts - I lost sight of both. When I got to the end of the street, I saw Allen running with the shawls under his arm, and Cood running in a different direction. I saw Mr. Goldie, begged of him to pursue after Allen, and pointed him out to him. I saw Allen make off to an obscure court. He was taken with the shawls.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Allen pursued willingly. I have since learned that he is a constable. Iafterwards saw them running in different directions-Allen was running before Cood, and had the bundle under his arm. He could have conecaled it under his coat if he had liked.
COURT. Q. How were they going in contrary directions - A. Both were running the same way. The boy was before Allen. I think he might have stopped him if he had liked.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLDIE
               



            . I live in Mount-street. I was crossing Whitechapel-road, heard the cry of Stop thief! turned round, and saw Cood running; Allen was a few yards behind him; another boy was a little way behind him-the prosecutrix was pursuing all three. Allen had something red under his left arm. I ran up, and asked the prosecutrix whom I should stop? she said the man with the shawls. They were all running towards Mile End turnpike. Allen was more to the left than any of the others. They were then at a greater distance from each other than when I first saw them. My attention was entirely fixed on Allen. I saw him enter Wood's-buildings - I cannot say whether the boys went up there. When I got to the entrance of the court, which is very narrow, there was a great crowd collected, which prevented my pursuing so fast. I called out Stop thief! When I got into the court Allen was beyond Cood four or five doors. Some persons had stopped Allen, and were bringing him back. I took him; he endeavoured to get away from me. As I was taking him out of the court, he said "This is the boy who stole the shawls." In my judgement, if he had been attempting to stop the boy, he could not have helped seeing him when he 
passed. I secured Cood also. When we got into the road Allen again endeavoured to get away; Cood also endeavoured to get away. Allen never intimated that he 
was a constable, or that he was pursuing the boy.
Cross-examined. I only lost sight of him while I turned round to speak to the prosecutrix. I thought Allen was the thief.
Q. Did not Allen say "Let me alone; this is the boy, and I will have him " - A. No; I do not think he did.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
COOD'S Defence. I live in Whitechapel. A boy accosted me, and said he was going to buy a pair of stockings. He brought the things out of the shop, and told me to take them to a man with a white coat.
ALLEN'S Defence. I leave it to the Court.
COOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ALLEN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
