





568. 
               
                  
                     ELLIS 
                     WALLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of June
, fifty yards of ribbon, value 55 s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Green
                     



                  , senior, 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Green
                     



                  , junior, and 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Green
                     



                  , privately, in their shop
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GREEN
               



            . My partners are Richard Green, senior, and Richard Green, junior. Our shop is No. 6, Mary-le-bone Street, Golden-square


. We are haberdasher


s. On Tuesday, the 2d of June, I was coming from the warehouse. I looked through the window to see if they were busy in the shop. I saw the prisoner with a handkerchief in her hand, which she then drew towards her pocket. I went down stairs, and mentioned the circumstance to my father; and when the prisoner was going out of the shop, I stopped her. I desired her to walk into the back room, that I might know what she had got. She went readily with me. I then called Mr. Wright, to see what she had taken. She took from her pocket then a piece of ribbon, which is in the possession of the constable. The ribbon was on a block, about eighteen yards. I then left her in the care of Wright, while I went and consuited what I should do with her. I know no more of my own knowledge.
Q. Who were the persons serving in the shop - A. Wright and Robinson.
Q. What parish is your house in - A. 
               St. James's
            , Westminster.

 - ROBINSON. Q. Did you see the prisoner come into your master's shop - A. No; I was there serving behind the counter. There were a drawer of ribbons, from which she took out a piece of ribbon, from which I cut her off two yards of ribbon, and she paid me for it. She turned to go out. We did not suspect that she had taken any thing.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . Q. You are a shopman in this shop, are you - A. Yes. I was called into the back room. I saw nothing of the transaction until I was called in. Mr. Green then told her, that she had something in her pocket of his. She pulled a piece of ribbon out of her pocket, and gave it me; that piece contained eight yards. Mr. Green then left the room. The prisoner said, she hoped he would forgive her. I then asked her, if she had any more ribbon. She said, she had not any more. I told her to sit down. She had not sat down above four or five minutes, before I heard something fall upon the floor, immediately under her. I looked round, and saw it was a piece of ribbon. I picked it up, and there was nothing else on the floor. That was on the block, the same as the other. There were fifteen or sixteen yards of it. I asked her, if that was all. She said, yes. I watched her close. Another piece fell from her that was on the block. I suppose there is thirteen or fourteen yards in that piece. Mr. Green came into the room, and I went for the officer. He came and took charge of her.
Q. What would be the worth of this quantity of ribbon - A. Thirty shillings or upwards.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I humbly implore you to extend your mercy to an unfortunate female. I came to London to get a place of servitude; not succeeding in my endeavours has been the cause of my being brought here. It being my first offence, I beg for mercy of the court, and I shall be ever bound to pray.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury. before Mr. Common Serjeant.
