





547. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRADFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of May
, twenty-eight pounds weight of sugar, value 15 s. one pound weight of tea, value 6 s. one pound weight of coffee, value 3 s. two pounds weight of plumbs, value 3 s. two pounds weight of soap, value 2 s. and three shillings and three halfpence in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eaton
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ANN WING
               



            . I keep the shop at Hendon


 for my father and mother.
Q. You keep a shop in the county of Middlesex - A. Yes, it is my father-in-law's shop. It is a shop in the general line. I am the daughter of Mrs. Wing. We have lost a variety of articles for some time.
Q. Did you in consequence of having lost these articles, mark any copper coin for the purpose ofdetecting the person - A. I did, on the 11th of April. The prisoner is an inmate in the house; he dwells in the back apartments. I occupy the shop and two parlours. On the 11th of May, I marked ten shillingsworth of halfpence; I put them in the drawer on the Wednesday night. In the morning I only found six shillings and ten-pence halfpenny. When the halfpence were taken out of Mr. Bradfield's pocket, they corresponded with the marks that I had made upon them. Bradfield was not taken up until the 13th. I saw Mrs. Bradfield take from her pocket one shilling and nine-pence halfpenny; all of which were marked as these were in the drawer. In Bradfield's cupboard was found sugar, coffee, tea, tobacco, and butter, we found in his pantry; we both had the use of the pantry. Mr. Bradfield kept the key of the cupboard; it was under his look; in the cupboard we found soap. I manage the business of the shop at Hendon, and I live at Hendon. My father and mother live in London.


                  JAMES 
                  EDWARD WING
               



            . I am brother to Miss Wing, and son-in-law to the proprietor of the house and shop.
Q. Did you and Miss Wing consult together to detect any person that might come into the shop - A. Yes. I came down to Hendon on Thursday, the 12th. I laid myself down behind the counter; about five o'clock on Thursday morning, I awoke with the noise of the till being drawed out; I did not hear the person come in; I was asleep. When I heard the till being drawed out, I rushed up; I saw the prisoner's hand over the till, and when I arose up, I saw him let the halfpence fall out of his hand into the till. I saw his hand shut above the till, and I heard the halfpence drop. I then collared him, and told him I was waiting for him. He then said, is that you, James; I said, it is. I hoped he would make no resistance, if he did I would knock him down; I had a stick, and he must consider himself my prisoner. I then ordered him not to go out of the shop; I continued holding of him. When I got into the parlour, I saw a key in the shop door, and I went to take it out; the prisoner then snatched the key out of the door. I demanded the key; he gave me a broken key. I took the lock off before Mr. Chambers, the high constable; I then found part of the key was broken in it. I then accused the prisoner of making a practice of robbing my shop; he said, he had only been there once before; he only took a shillingsworth of halfpence and a few hob nails. I took the prisoner to town, to my father; he sent for Mr. Chambers, the high constable; the prisoner was then taken to Bow-street. He had not time that morning to put any halfpence into his pocket, or nails. I heard the halfpence fall out of his hand into the till.


                  JOHN 
                  EATON
               



            . Q. You are the proprietor of the shop in question - A. I am. I deal in a variety of articles
, as all country shop-keepers do. James Wing brought the prisoner to me; he said, he had catched the prisoner's hand in the till. I said, you are a pretty fellow, this is not the first time you have been there: he said, I have not been there for three months. I sent for Mr. Chambers, and gave him into custody.
MR. CHAMBERS. I am high constable. The prisoner was given into my care, on Friday, the 13th of May; I took the prisoner to the watch-house. I searched him, I afterwards went down to Hendon, and searched his premises. In consequence of Wing saying this was the key he saw in the door, I saw the lock taken off I found the little bit of the key inside of the lock; it matched the key exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I made no resistance; I knew myself no way to be injured.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant
