





933. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HANKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               being clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hale
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hale
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wiggens
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Wall 
                           Lynn
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by them to receive monies, and valuable securities for them, and that he, by virtue of his employment, on their account, on the 18th of August
, did receive and take into his possession, twelve bank notes, value 1 l. each, and that he afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
ANOTHER COUNT, that he did receive eleven 1 l. notes, and seventeen shillings in monies, numbered, and afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . Q. Do you keep the Fountain public-house in Redcross-street


 - A. I do.
Q. Did you pay the prisoner any money as their collecting clerk on the 18th of August - A. On the 18th of August I did, and the prisoner gave me that receipt. I saw him sign it.
Q. How far is your house from the brewhouse - A. About fifty yards.


                  GEORGE 
                  HALE
               



            . Q. What are the names of the partner's in your firm - A. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hale
               



            , myself. William Wiggens, and Wall Lynn: we are brewer



s. In August last the prisoner was our collecting clerk: he was employed and entrusted to receive money on our account.
Q. Did he pay you ever that twelve pounds that he received from Mr. Newman - A. He did not.
MR. WIGGENS. Q. You received that letter, and is it the prisoner's hand-writing - A. It is, certainly.
Q. to Mr. Hale. Is that the prisoner's hand-writing - A. Certainly.

 COURT, to Mr. Wiggens. Have you since collected the monies - A. Yes.
Q. Pray what did the prisoner receive - A. Three guineas a week.
Q. to Mr. Hale. What sum did the prisoner charge for his usual expences a week - A. From two pound to fifty shillings, and a variety of charges. He was not limited to any sum: if he had charged five pound he would have had it.
Q. to Mr. Wiggens. What do you find to be the expences - A. About thirty shillings a week.
Prisoner's Defence. I never, during my service to Mr. Hale, received three guineas a week: the utmost was two guineas and a half. I am sure you must see the difference between a clerk and a master's expences. Mr. Wiggens might only spend a shilling. and I might spend five shillings, and not succeed. I am sure there are many publican's present that can give evidence how I exerted myself in their behalf, and were I at liberty I would serve them now.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
