






111. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SINCLAIR
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  SAMUEL, BLUES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, one watch, value 2l. 15s.; one key, value 6d.; one handherchief, value 2s.; one pair of scissars, value 6d.; two bank-tokens, value 6s.; and 1s., the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Green
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL GREEN. I live in Church-lane, Wellclose-square. On the 30th of October, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was going home; I had been drinking, but I had my senses; I met the prisoner, Sinclair, in White-chapel. I went to a house with her, which was in Rose and Crown-court


. I went into her room with her; there was nobody but us two in the room. I had my watch in the room with me;it is worth 2l.15s. I had the other things mentioned in the indictment, in my pocket; my watch was in my fob, in my small-clothes, which I put under the pillow. I went to sleep, and was awoke by the noise of a person coming into the room. I heard him walk up to the bed, and draw my small-clothes from under the pillow. I heard the voice of a man say, if he stirs, I will do for him. I was alarmed. The prisoner, Sinclair, was awake; she turned round. I waited until I heard persons about in the streets; I then asked her, for a light; she got up, and said, she had no matches; and then she said, she could not strike a light. She said, somebody must have been in the room. In about half an hour she got me a light. My watch and the other things were gone. I gave her in charge of the officer. The prisoner, Blues, was taken afterwards.
CHRISTIAN MATHEWS. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner, Blues, pledged this watch with me, on the 30th of October, for 25s., in his own name. I am sure he is the man.
(Produced and sworn to.)
SAMUEL WILSON. I am a constable. The prosecutor gave the prisoner, Sinclair, into my custody. The door appeared to be broken open.
Sinclair. I am innocent.
Blues-Pleaded distress.
SINCLAIR. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SAMUEL BLUES. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged38.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
