





710. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a hat, value 10 s. a key, value 1 s. and a pair of spectacles, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spybey
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SPYBEY
               



            . I live at No. 9, Broad Street, Bloomsbury


, the prisoner is my apprentice
. On the 7th of June last I went out of town, I left a bunch of keys for the use of Mrs. Spybey, in an open drawer in the back parlour, I was two or three weeks in the country, when I returned the prisoner was at home. In consequence of information that he was seen opening my money drawer at night when he was gone to bed. I called in the patrol and told the prisoner that I had suspicion that he had my keys, the patrol searched him in his pocket he found a key, that was one that I left on the bunch of keys in the drawer, this was on the 19th of July, I sent the prisoner to the watch-house, the spectacles were found upon the prisoner's mother at the office, I had lost them out of my desk. The mother's house was searched at Hoxton, we found a variety of things in her house, among which was this hat, it is a new hat, there is my private mark in it, that hat was kept in the shop in the glass case, I had seen it about a week before the 19th of July, the prisoner slept twice a week at his mother's.


                  JOHN 
                  ORAM
               



            . I searched the prisoner, I found this key in his pocket.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
