





25. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of November
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stirling
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Stirling
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Margeret 
                  Coates
               



            , spinster
.


                  WALTER 
                  STIRLING
               



            . The names of my partners are 
               
                  William 
                  Stirling
               



            , 
               
                  Walter 
                  Stirling
               



            , and Margeret Coates. We are warehousemen


. The prisoner was our porter
 for eight or nine years.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Stirling.
Q. On the 4th of November, in consequence of any order that you received, did you conceal yourself in the warehouse - A. I did. This transaction took place about half past seven in the morning. I saw the prisoner in Messrs. Stirlings warehouse when he came into the warehouse in the morning. I observed a basket in his hand. He put the basket down on the counter. He then went up stairs, and swept the place up stairs, and come down to this warehouse again, and went to a pile of prints. He went first to one pile of prints and then to another.
Q. Now, when he had gone to the second pile of prints did he do any thing to them - A. He took off the top piece; he carried it to where the basket was. He then removed the basket and the piece of print to another part of the warehouse; where I could not see him.
Q. How long was he in that part of the warehouse in which he was out of your sight - A. About a minute, I saw him again. He came backwards and forwards once or twice. He went then out of my sight for about five minutes. I do not know where he went for that five minutes he then came to about the same place where he had put the basket in the morning, he brought the basket back from the back part of the warehouse, apparently full of wood he than went to the front of the warehouse and got the keys of the back door, and went towards the backdoor. Then I got from my place of concealment, and acquainted 
               
                  John 
                  Macklen
               



             what I had seen. The prisoner was then at the back door.
Q. At the time that you so informed Macklen, where was the basket - A. It was placed near the counter where he had been. I sent the prisoner out for water, and then Macklen examined the basket. I afterwards saw the prisoner apprehended in Watling-street, a little way from our warehouse. He had then the basket. He was stopped by a constable; and when he was stopped by the constable, the basket was apparently full of wood, and in searching the basket, at the Poultry compter, we found a piece of print, with an handkerchief round it.
Q. Was that the property of Messrs. Stirling - A. It was.
Mr. Adolphus. How many of you sleep in the warehouse - A. About eight in the whole. I sleep in the warehouse for one. He rung a bell to get in. One of the young men in the house opens the door to him.
Q. When he came that morning were the young men about - A. They were not about, they were in the warehouse. It was about half past seven. They do not get up until later than that.
Q. In your warehouse you do not deal in retail - A. No.
Q. Is it at all within your knowledge that people have taken things on sale or return, and if not sold return them - A. I do not know that it has been done.


                  JOHN 
                  MACKLEN
               



            . I am a clerk in the prosecutors employ. In consequence of information, I examined the basket. The basket was at the back part of the warehouse. It contained fire wood, to appearance. Under the wood I found a piece of cotton, wrapped up in an handkerchief. At that time the prisoner had been sent out. I replaced the cotton as I found it. Afterwards I saw the prisoner go out of the warehouse. I followed him, The constable was in Watling-street; there he was stopped and taken to the compter.
- BYROM. I am a constable. This is the basket, and wood, and piece of cotton. This handkerchief was at the bottom, concealed under the wood. This piece of cotton has been in my possession ever since. The prisoner was carrying the basket when I apprehended him.
Macklen. The piece of cotton is my master's property. It is of the value of about two pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and gentlemen of the Jury, feeling due contribution for my unwarrantable presumption in taking the article without the consent of my employers. During the nine years I have been in their service I have been entrusted with a piece of goods to show my wife, which was entered in the book in the name of Wilson. What I state I call God to witness is a fact. My wife wished me to bring home some patterns. I had my prosecutors permission to take home some shavings, and no one being about to ask the favour to enter this piece of cotton, I intended to make known to Mr. Marriott the ultimate purchase of what I wanted. I knew too well the consequence of the unwarrantable liberty of taking a piece of cotton without my employers consent. I have a wife and five children to support. I humbly pray your honourable Court will look upon my general character. I rely upon an acquittal.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DENNING
               



            . I am a warehouseman in Mr. Stirling's employ. The prisoner was a porter in the warehouse. I never knew of the prisoner ever taking any piece of goods without it first being entered in the name of Wilson.
Prisoner. Do not you recollect letting me have some shawls upon the approbation of my wife - A. Yes, I do think I did.
Q. Was any memorandam made untill I returned - A. Certainly. If I had suffered that I did not deserve to hold my situation. I never could have suffered it.
MR. MARRIOTT. Q. You know of the prisoner being in the employment of Messrs. Stirling - A. I do.
Q. Do you know of the prisoner taking any goods out of the shop upon a sale of return - 
               A. 
            Not without being entered. I understood he was permitted to take fragments of old wood.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
