





1052. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACKDONALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Farthing
                        



                     
                  , on the 28th of September
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James Farguhar 
                           Fraser
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  FARTHING
               



            . I am a tailor
; I live at No. 4, Great Wild-street. About a quarter before eleven on the 28th of September, I was in Upper King-street, Holborn


.
Q. Did you see Mr. Fraser in King-street - A. Yes; Mr. Fraser was on the left hand side of the way; I saw a mob; I went, and asked what was the matter; I saw Mr. Fraser; I was going away; Mackdonald said, he would take Mr. Fraser to the watchhouse; Mr. Oxberry said, he would sooner give a guinea for a bed than Mr. Fraser should go to the watchhouse; Mr. Fraser fell down, the seals of his watch were not outside his chain could be seen. I took the watch to give it to Mr. Oxberry, Mackdonald, the watchman, seized hold of the watch; he said, give it to him; I said, nobody should have it but Mr. Oxberry. Mackdonald had hold of the watch, he took the watch out of my hands.
COURT. Are you sure Mackdonald took the watch out of your hands - A. Yes; I intended to give it to Mr. Oxberry. Mackdonald was stronger than me, he took it. I said, you, nor no one else should have it than Mr. Oxberry; I said to Mr. Oxberry, here is the chain and seals, Mackdonald has got the watch. Mackdonald, at the watchhouse, said he knew nothing of it; he then said he had it, and somebody took it from him. When he denied having the watch, I said I have got the chain and seals, the watchman has got the watch; he said, no, he had not; I shall charge you for robbing the man. A girl, was standing by, she said, what is this on your finger; that was the ring that parted the chain from the watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OXBERRY
               



            . I am a performer at Drury-lane. On the 28th of September, between eleven and twelve, I was in King-street.
Q. Did you see the last witness there - A. Not there; I saw him, but not his features, until he came to the watchhouse. Mr. Fraser was there. I came up while the mob was about him; I saw a number of persons assembled at the window of a watch-maker's shop, that is the corner of Orange-street; I asked the reason of their being assembled there; a watchman said, it was a gentleman who had been dining at the O. P. and P. S. tavern, and was very much in liquor. I said, if that is the case, I must know the gentleman; I had been dining there also; the O. P. is in Russell-court, Drury-lane. I immediately looked down, and saw Mr. Fraser upon the ground; I told him who I was, and requested him to get up; with the assistance of some persons he was raised from the ground. I asked the watchman what they meaned to do with him; they said, take him to the watch-house. I replied, there was no necessity for that: there was a public-house a few doors from the place where we then were, they perhaps might get a bed there; if not, it would be better to deposit what property he had about him, and send him home in a coach; if not, they could convey him a part of the way home, as far as their best extend, and then give him in charge of two others. I also offered to reward them for so doing; I don't know whether I mentioned the sum; they said, no, and persisted in taking him to the watchhouse; I followed, and we had got into Hart-street; I think Mr. Fraser said, take care of my watch; a voice said, you had better give it to Mr. Oxberry, who seems to be the only person who knows any thing of you, and several others said, aye, do; many more persons now had come up, and I was removed from Mr. Fraser about two arms-length; a minute or two now elapsed. I saw the chain that I imagined belonged to Mr. Fraser's watch held out towards me; I had not got near enough to lay hold of that chain; some one held the other part very tight, the watch end, with a little force; I got possession of the watch-chain without the watch, no watch attached to it; there then was a scuffle; I exclaimed, I had got possession of the chain without the watch. A watchman, I will not say it was the prisoner, demanded of me the chain, and appendages, the seals; I don't know who that watchman was, as they meaned to take Mr. Fraser to the watchhouse; I there delivered it up.
Q. You do not know who had got the watch - A. No, I do not. A watchman proceeded to force me, I pushed him from me; I cannot say the watchman's name; two watchman seized me very forcible; we now came to the watchhouse, leaving Mr. Fraser behind, he was still in custody of some other watchmen. I deposited the chain and seals at the watch-house, in the custody of Mr. Davis, the constable of the night. A person, whom I understand his name to be Farthing, that man is here; he came into the watchhouse not in charge; he came with a number of other persons; he there accused the prisoner of forcing the watch from the chain, while he was in the act of giving it to me; he threw off his watchman's coat in a violent manner, and said, search me; a general search took place; this watch was not found. He then gave charge of Farthing, and said, he had stolen the watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was constable of the night.
Q. Do you recollect Mr. Fraser and Mr. Oxberry coming to the watchhouse - A. Perfectly well. Mackdonald brought in Mr. Oxberry, he said, he had got the gentleman's property; I saw in Mr. Oxberry's hand a gold chain and seals. The prisoner said to Mr. Oxberry, I'll have it; Mr. Oxberry said, you d - d rascal, you shall not; a scuffle ensued; I am not certain whether Mr. Oxberry struck the watchman, or not. After peace was obtained, the watchman held out a ring to me, he said, that was the gentleman's property; after that Mr. Oxberry handed me over the chain and seals; then a person of the name of Farthing came in, he said to Mackdonald, you are the watchman that has got the gentleman's watch; Mackdonald declared he had not; I searched him; there was not less than sixty personssearched; no watch was found. I desired Mr. Fraser might he put to bed.


                  GRACE 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am the watchhouse-keeper's daughter. I was at the watchhouse this night; Mackdonald brought Mr. Oxberry in with the chain in his hand; Farthing came in, said he handed the watch over to Mr. Oxberry. Mackdonald charged Farthing and Mr. Oxberry with robbing Mr. Fraser; Mr. Fraser was brought in; no watch was found about him. Mackdonald was still holding his hand out, still persevering that Farthing and Mr. Oxberry had stolen the watch. I saw a ring on the watchman's finger; I asked what it was; he said, it was the ring that belonged to the gentleman's chain, the watch had been wrenched out of his hands, he could not tell by who.
Prisoner's Defence. When I came in the watch-house Mr. Oxberry had the chain and seals; I said, sir, this is part of the gentleman's property; therefore I gave him in charge.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am a patrol of Bloomsbury. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw a mob; Mr. Fraser was down, I lifted him up, and Mr. Farthing took his watch out of his pocket; Farthing said, I'll give it to Mr. Oxberry; I heard the watchman say, he has taken the gentleman's watch out of his pocket. I saw Farthing hold out his hand to Mr. Oxberry, there were several trying to get the watch, who had it I don't know; the prisoner took Mr. Oxberry to the watchhouse.
Q. Did the prisoner get the watch - A. I don't know; I saw no more. I was conducting Mr. Fraser to the watchhouse.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWSE
               



            . On the 28th of September, in my way home, facing the upper end of King-street, in Hart-street, I saw ten or twelve people together; I saw Mr. Fraser intoxicated, I saw Mr. Oxberry speak to him; I saw Farthing take Mr. Fraser's watch, and hand it to Mr. Oxberry. I persuaded Farthing to give the watch to the watchman; Farthing said, he did not know the watchman. I said, nor do I know you; we will soon know who the watchman is. He said, he would deliver it to no one but Mr. Oxberry, as he was Mr. Fraser's friend; Mr. Oxberry came near, Farthing extended his hands towards Mr. Oxberry with the watch; the watchman collared Farthing, and demanded the watch.
Q. Do you know whether the watchman got the watch or no - A. No, I did not see in whose hand the watch fell. I am sure Mackdonald is the watchman that collared Farthing, and demanded the watch.
GUILTY, aged 38,




               Of the larceny only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
