





41. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     DEVEREUX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, three sheets, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  White
               



            , who is a shoemaker
. I was nurse at the Middlesex Hospital


, the prisoner's child was there - she remained with it. On the 3d of November, I carried nine sheets up three pair of stairs, to be washed, about one o'clock. At two o'clock, I went to give them in, and found only six. I am accountable for them.


                  HANNAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am nurse at the Middlesex Hospital - the prisoner's child was in my ward, she had leave to stop with it by day and night - it was ill about three weeks, on the 3d of November it was ordered to go out. On this day the prisoner helped me to carry a bundle of sheets to the wash. About one o'clock, she went down again into the ward with me - the sheets were missed about two o'clock. At half-past four, I was informed the prisoner was in custody - she had taken the child home and returned for her things - two of the sheets were produced.


                  RICHARD 
                  SKEATS
               



            . I am a brewer's servant. On the 3d of November, my fellow-servant called me, and I saw the prisoner cutting some marks off the sheets, when she had done, she rolled them up, and went away. I lost her, but am sure she is the woman.


                  DANIEL 
                  WOOLLER
               



            , I am a watchman. I was fetched, and saw the prisoner go into Mr. Tate's, the pawnbroker's, she there dropped the marks she had cut off the sheets, and we took her into custody - she made three attempts to get away.


                  EDWARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            , I am a constable. Wooller fetched me - I took the prisoner in a shop, in Cambridge-street, with the sheets in her possession, and the marks cut out. I found them on the ground.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Andrews gave them to me, in Oxford-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
