





728. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARBER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
 450 lbs of lead, value 5l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maltby
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Walker
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Samuel Walker 
                  Parker
               



            , 
               
                  William 
               


            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Walker
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Walker
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph Need 
                     Walker
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Drew, a lighterman. On the 5th of March. I received 300 pigs of lead for Messrs Walker and Co., and moored the barge at the Red Bull-wharf, Thames-street


, about three o'clock in the afternoon, and left all safe between seven and eight.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRINE
               



            . I am watchman to Messrs. Walker and Co. On the 5th of March, the barge came to the wharf; I went on duty at ten o'clock at night, there was 300 pigs of lead there then; I counted them; I saw them all safe at half-past two, and missed three pigs, about five o'clock in the morning - They were taken from one pile.
JOHN SMITH. On the 7th of March, I was walking by the river side, at Millbank, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, and saw a peter-boat, come under Vauxhall-bridge. When I came up, two men where in the boat, putting some lead ashore; the prisoner was in a cart, which was coming along the road; he stopped exactly opposite the boat. I went to the public-house for assistance, then went to the cart and stopped it, with the lead it; it was coming towards Westminster. I took three pigs of lead out of the cart-the prisoner was driving it; we desired him to stop; he wished to go on, and whipped his horse; we stopped him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you tell the magistrate, that he whipped his horse - A. Yes, and he whipped me too.
COURT. Q. Was the cart waiting there before the boat came up - A. It was standing there before the boat came ashore.


                  JOHN 
                  DINA
               



            . I am a stone-sawyer. On the 7th of March, Smith fetched me from the public-house; I ran towards Vauxhall-bridge; he called to me to stop the cart which was coming towards me from the water's edge, the prisoner was in it. Smith came up; the prisoner told me to let the horse go; I told him, I was ordered to stop him; it rained very hard; I let go; he began to drive faster; we stopped him again; he tried to get from us. Smith has spoken correctly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. White, a timber-merchant, at Millbank. On the 7th of March, I was at the counting-house, and saw the lead being loaded out of the boat into the cart; there was a man in the cart; he went to the two men in the boat, and turned the tail of his cart towards the water. I walked towards the boat, and saw the men in the boat, shake hands with the man in the cart, and ask when they should see him again. I did not know who the men were.

Cross-examined. Q. He received it apparently - A. Yes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Walker and Co., the firm is correctly stated in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not whip Smith or the horse, nor shake hands with the men.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
