






976. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PEPPERIDGE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, a coat, value 3 l. a waistcoat, value 1 s. one curtain, value 12 s. and a pair of gloves, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Norton
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of boots, value 12 s. and a shirt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lyon
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  NORTON
               



            . I live in Parliament-street; I did live in Queen's-court, Circus, Minories


. Part of my house was consumed in the great fire. I saw the articles named in the indictment safe before the fire. I did not see the prisoners there. The next time. I saw the articles were at the Mansion House.


                  ELLEN 
                  LYON
               



            . I also inhabited a house consumed by the fire. I lost a great many things, some of which were burnt, and a great many stolen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Norton
               



            . He had a great deal of property carried away by different persons for him. I found two drawers with my father's property in them at Mr. Bennett's, the baker's.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD BENNETT
               



            . I am a baker, and live in the Minories. The fire broke out at a little after nine o'clock, at the back of Mr. Wilson's; I went to assist him; and when I came back, my house was full of furniture. In about ten minutes, both the prisoners came in; Howard pretended that he was a sufferer in the fire, and that almost all the furniture there was his. He asked me for an old hat; I offered him one all over flour, but he did not choose that. He asked me to lend him a one-pound note to pay the men who had been assisting him to move his goods. Pepperidge was with him, and brought in some of the things; I told him a little beer would be quite enough to give the men, and lent him five shillings; he then wanted to sleep in my house; but I could not let him do that. The next morning, they both came about eight o'clock, and claimed all the things that were there, chairs, tables, sheets, chest of drawers, and such like; they brought porters with them, with knotts, straps, and ropes, to carry every thing away. At first, I did not object to it; but soon after, the real owners came, and then it was discovered. Howard was then taken to the watchhouse, and Pepperidge went away.
DAVID M'COMBIE. I a man officer, and took both the prisoners into custody. I received a curtain from Burgess.


                  ELIZA 
                  BURGESS
               



            . The prisoner Pepperidge, lodged with me; and brought a curtain to his lodgings; which I delivered to the officer.
David M'Combie. There are a coat and waistcoat, the coat was in a drawer, outside Mr. Bennett's shop; and the waistcoat was on Howard. This shirt was on the prisoner Howard; the boots were picked up in Horton's house.
(The property was sworn to by the prosecutors.)
PEPPERIDGE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.
HOWARD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
