





924. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, five pigs, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Maltby
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STYLES
               



            . My master lives in Clay-street, Walthamstow


. I fastened the pigs up at seven o'clock, on the night of the 28th of June, and bolted them up in the pig-pen, so that they could not get out. The coachman alarmed me about two o'clock, and told me the pigs were gone. I saw them in the Back-lane, at Clapton, near Hackney, about four o'clock, the same morning; they were laying in the road, panting for breath. Some of Mr. Johnson's pigs were stolen, and they were with my master's.


                  JOHN 
                  EYLES
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, lying in the Back-lane, by a shed; he was about two hundred yards from the pigs. I never saw him in the possession of the pigs. I asked him why he left the pigs? he said what pigs? I said the pigs you were driving through the gate at Clapton, about half an hour ago. He said to the best of his knowledge he had not seen a pig for three weeks. I took him into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWLES
               



            . I saw the prisoner driving twelve pigs through Clapton gate, towards Town; he was driving very quick; he was afterwards shewn to me lying in the Back-lane, against a shed, about two hundred yards from the pigs; they were lying in the road, panting for breath. Five of them were afterwards claimed by Maltby's man, and seven by Mr. Johnson.


                  EDWARD 
                  BEECH
               



            . I keep the gate at Clapton. My gate was shut, and the pigs must have gone over the foot-path.


                  PETER 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Maltby and know five of the pigs to be his.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
