





595. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, a lace veil, value 2 l. 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Torrett
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        David 
                        Perkins
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TORRETT
               



            . I am a lace-man
, my partner
's name is 
               
                  David 
                  Perkins
               



            . I have no other partner. I keep a lace shop
, 286, High Holborn


; we commonly hang one large black veil inside the shop near the door, one was hanging there on the morning of the 19th of April; I hung it up in the shop near the door, about nine o'clock, about ten minutes, afterwards, more or less, I walked this way I found the veil had been removed, I made enquiry among our own people, if they had removed it; they had not. I did not see the prisoner near the shop; the veil was missed on Wednesday, on the Saturday following the officer brought the veil to our house, I knew the veil to be mine by the mark, it cost me two pounds eight shillings, the officer has it.


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow Street. On Wednesday the 19th of April, about half past nine in the morning, I saw the prisoner in company with another lad, I knew both their persons, I saw them running up Queen-street as if they were coming from Long Acre towards Holborn, Cole was first, they ran into Queen-street, and they took into Holborn, up Dean-street, into Eagle-street, in turning the corner of Dean street, Cole turned about as he turned the corner he saw me, and hastened his pace, and went up a gate-way; the other lad went up the other street from the gate way, as soon as I got to the gate-way, I saw something behind Cole's coat, as I turned into the gate-way, Cole was in the act of taking this veil from under his coat, he threw it down to his feet, the other prisoner run away, I secured the veil and the prisoner.
Q. Did you find any shop mark on the veil - A. Yes, I afterwards shewed the veil to Mr. Torrett.
(The veil produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. That officer wants to swear my life away, I went up the gate-way to make water.



               GUILTY
             aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex, Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
