





1274. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DESMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 34 bound books, value 4 l., and eleven spoons, value 50 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , who is a book-binder
, and lives in Long-acre


; the prisoner was employed in the manufactory
. Between April and August we lost these books; suspicion fell on him. On the 4th of August, the servant missed the tea-spoons - she said they were safe the night before; I found the prisoner had been into the kitchen, and suspected him. I did not see him from that time till Saturday, then charged him with the robbery - he denied it. He left me suddenly, and went to the privy; I went there, and found his pocketbook, containing duplicates of the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, found the pocket-book in the privy, and asked the prisonerwhy he threw it down? He said because the ticket of the spoons was in it,


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 21st of July, the prisoner pledged a spoon with me, and on the 4th of August four more.


                  ROBERT 
                  UPSALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged four tea-spoons with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I pledged them for another man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
