





665. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Carney
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine, on the night of the 12th of August
, and stealing therein one regimental jacket, value 21 s. a great coat, value 21 s. three waistcoats, value 7 s. 6 d. a jacket, value 1 s. two pair of breeches, value 6 s. a pair of gaiters, value 1 s. 6 d. a pair of pantaloons, value 2 s. 6 d. and a shirt, value 7 s. 6 d. his property
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  CARNEY
               



            . Q. Why is not Michael Carney here - A. He has met with an accident, and is not able to attend. I live in Tothill-street, Westminster


, Saint Margaret's parish; my husband keeps a house there.

Q. Did you lose any coats from your house any time - A. Yes.
Q. When had you seen them - A. On Sunday, the 12th of August, about five o'clock; I went out at about that time, and my husband followed me. I returned between ten and eleven; I found the door broken open of my room; the staple had been drawn off the door. The house is mine, I let it out in lodgings. I missed from my room all the articles in the indictment.


                  SARAH 
                  MARK
               



            . Q. Do you know the Prisoner - A. Yes; he brought me these things, and asked me to go and pawn them for him. I did; he brought me two pantaloons, a waistcoat, and a shirt; I pawned them all at one time, at a pawnbroker's shop in High-street, Marybone, for thirteen shillings; I gave him the money.
RICHARD WESTBROOK. On the 14th of August the prisoner was brought to Saint Margaret's watch-house, Carney gave charge of him. The prisoner told me if I would let him go, he would go to this woman's lodgings, where the property was lodged, and produce them. These things were left in my care by Mr. Fry, a regimental great coat, and other things.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRY
               



            . On Sunday night, the 12th of August, a man came into our passage, and asked to leave the things there till the next morning. I saw the man, I do not know whether it was the prisoner or not. On Monday morning I took the things down to Queen-street office.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Morat, pawnbroker. A woman pawned two pair of pantaloons and a shirt for thirteen shillings. I cannot say I know the woman.
Prisoner's Defence. This woman's husband and father, on Saturday had been to my pay-table, knowing me to be a boot and shoe maker; he asked me to drink out of the pot with him; he asked me whether I was out of work; I said, I was; he said, if you come up to me on the morrow, I will get you work. I went up to his house to enquire for him, they denied him at first; then, after that, they said, stop, he will be in in a few minutes. I went out and met him in the passage; he asked me to go up to this woman's room, he told me to take the teapot down, he took three shillings out of the tea-pot; he took me out, and made me drunk, he said, he would get me ten guineas of a recruiting serjeant; he would get me to sleep with himself, then I might go where I liked. Then him and I laid down in the bed together, and on my returning down stairs, I found these things which are now there.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30
         
Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only, not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
