






871. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HILTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, eight live tame rabbits, price 10s.; one sack, value 2s.; and one fixture (i. e.) one copper, value 15s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Fenn
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to an out-house, belonging to his dwelling-house
            .
JANE FENN. I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fenn
               



            , who lives in Bell-street, Marylebone


. Between the 3d and 4th of May, at night, I lost the copper from the kitchen, which joins the dwelling-house, and the remainder of the things. I saw the copper safely fixed at half-past ten o'clock; next morning, at half-past five o'clock, I was alarmed, and found the articles gone, and a sack.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I received information on Monday morning, examined the prosecutor's premises, and traced the footsteps over two walls to the prisoner, Hilton's, lodgings, in Lisson-place, Little James-street. At eight o'clock in the morning I went there, and found him and Green together. There was a chopper in the room, on which were marks of copper, and had, apparently, been used in chopping copper. I took the key of Green's lodging, which was next door, and found a sack in his room, which was sooty, and the prosecutrix claimed it. (Sack sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. The last witness has spoken correctly. I found a small crow in Hilton's room.
HILTON'S Defence. The person is here who belongs to the chopper.
GREEN'S Defence. I found the sack.


                  SARAH 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I live at No. 3, Little James-street. I lent the chopper to Maria Hilton, between five and six o'clock that morning, to chop wood.
HILTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
