






608. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PARNELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CARROL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Nelson
                        




                     
                  , eleven 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  JAMES 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am a sailor
. On the 9th of June I came from Liverpool, I met 
               
                  Ann 
                  Carrol
               



            , she asked me where I was going; I said, to find my landlord; she said will you go home with me, and have a bed; I said I wanted a bed to myself; she said very well; I went with the woman. WhenI came to the house I said to the man (Parnell), is it agreeable that I should have a bed here; he said, yes. I did not want to pull off my waistcoat. she said, you had better pull off your waistcoat, I did, and put my clothes under my head, and went into bed; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Carrol
               



             then said, why your head is not right, let me put your pillow comfortable; she said, will not you treat me and my husband; I said I wanted no drink, I wanted sleep; I gave her a shilling. I went to sleep. About twelve o'clock the man came and roused me, and said, what do you do here; I said, you were agreeable last night; he said put your clothes on, and when I was going to put my waistcoat on I found I had lost my watch and notes; he said, look under your pillow you will find your watch, I did; I asked for my money; he said he did not care about my money; I put on my clothes and called the watchman, the watchman called the officer and there was nobody in the house. About five o'clock I went back with the officer to the house, and remained in the house. The man came in between eight and nine o'clock with a bundle of new things that he had bought.
Q. You never got your money - A. No, no more than a one pound note, I knew it, I had it of Mr. Sanders.


                  JOHN 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I sold four pair of stockings to a man and a woman, they were found on the prisoner. I cannot say any thing about the woman, because it is a month ago. This is pound note I received of the prisoner, or the person that I sold the stockings to.


                  GEORGE 
                  PATRIDGE
               



            . On the 10th of June the watchman, in company with this sailor, called me, the watchman informed me that the sailor had been robbed, they shewed me the house, I knocked at the door, nobody answered; I got into the house and found nobody there. This was one o'clock in the morning, it was quite day light; we returned again to the house. The prosecutor was fatigued, I told him to lay down on the parlour bed. I sat in the parlour till a quarter before nine in the morning, about that time Parnall came and opened the door with a key: he brought this bundle in his hand; he was in the act of unlocking a chest; I then went to him, I said to him, you have been playing a pretty game; he said, what is it; I said, you remember a sailor coming in last night; he said, there was a sailor with a girl of the town that he turned out; I awaked the prosecutor, he said, that is the man that gave me liberty to sleep here. I searched Parnell, on his person I found one pound eleven shillings and sixpence, and this bundle. There is two pair of new stockings, a pair of women's shoes new, and the stockings the woman then had been wearing, they could not have been off the legs many minutes. I found the stockings were purchased at Mr. Sanders's shop; there was some tea and sugar bought at Whitechapel, there was a pound note changed there. This tippett I can swear to be the woman's, here is also a duplicate of hers I found amongst the halfpence in his pocket, of a bed-winch pledged for four-pence on the 6th of June. I found the woman in Smithfield. After the woman prisoner was indicted she never has been near the house since.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at that note - A. This is one of mine. I lost eleven one pound notes, and a two pound note.
Parnell's Defence. He came into my house about ten o'clock at night, he was there with a woman two hours, he sent for liquor at twelve o'clock; I said why do you stop so long here, I want to go to bed; they stopped till a quarter after twelve, he then said he must go and see after the girl that had been there, he had been robbed; I said, why did not you tell me, she should not have gone away. In the morning, when I came into the house, Patridge said, there is a man that was robbed at your house last night, do you know the woman; I said I knew the woman personally, but I did not know her name.
Carrol's Defence. I never saw that man in my life until I saw him at the office.
PARNELL - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.
CARROL - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
