





613. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May
, thirty pounds weight of sugar, value 26 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Waymouth
               




            .
FREDERICK WAYMOUTH. I am a sugar-baker
; I live in Well-street


. The prisoner is a person that I used to buy straw mats of. I have every reason to believe he came to my premises when I was absent.
Q. What is Mr. Brier - 
               A. 
            He is a sugar-boiler; he lives in the sugar-house. I lodge all my men.
Q. You had notice, I believe, to produce a deed - A. Yes, this is the deed.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  STRODER
               



            . I am in Mr. Waymouth's employ. I have seen the prisoner came frequently to the sugar-house prior to the 27th of May. In consequence of what I observed, I gave information to Mr. Waymouth. On the evening of the 27th of May, I observed the prisoner go into the sugar-house; the officers were nigh at hand the same time. I informed them directly.
JAMES KENNEDY. I am an officer of Worship-street. I received directions to attend near Mr. Waymouth's sugar-house; I did. On the evening of the 27th of May, about a quarter after nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner come out of the sugar-house. I stood opposite of the sugar-house. 
               
                  William 
                  Armstrong
               



             said, Mr. Kennedy, this is another acquaintance of mine. I asked him his name; he told me his name was Knight. I asked him what he had got in his pockets; he said it was sugar. I then asked him where he purchased it, or did he bring it out of the shop; he said that was no place to speal about it, if we would go into a house he would tell me. I took off his hat; in his hat I found upward of five pounds weight of sugar in a handkerchief to keep it from his hair. In his coat pockets I found upwards of thirty pounds weight of sugar. I asked him how he came by it; he said he would rather decline making any answer. I took him into custody, and brought him to the office the next morning.
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG. I was with Kennedy at this time. The account that he is given is correct. He is an old acquaintance of mine by living in the neighbourhood, not from any criminal affair.
LAWRENCE DEPREE. I am one of the sugar-bakers in this house. I have seen the prisoner in the fill-house at unusual hours. On the morning of the 28th of May, I looked in the fill-house; I saw some sugar was missing from the bin. The sugar produced by Kennedy is as much like the sugar as if it had been taken out of the bin. When I saw the prisoner in the sugar-house. Mr. Brier was always with him.
Q. to Prosecutor. Is all the property in the sugar-house yours - A. It is.
Q. What is the value of that thirty pounds weight of sugar - A. It is five pound the hundred weight; it cost me about ten pence the pound.
Prisoner's Defence. For the last two years I was in the habit of shaving Mr. Brier. I considered Mr. Brier to be Mr. Waymouth's partner. I have known him fifteen years; he lived in the neighbourhood that I reside in before he came to that sugar-house. I used to shave him two or three times a week. I asked Mr. Brier two weeks ago to let me have half a hundred weight of sugar; he said it was not for sale; it was raw sugar; he said he would give me some. I told him what he had given me was very dirty; it did not answer the purpose. He said he would give me some clean, which was the business of that night. I took between twenty and thirty pounds; I was tying it up in my handkerchief; it was unable to retain it. I broke the handkerchief. I placed as much as I could in the handkerchief, the remainder I rolled up in the handkerchief, and placed it as well as I could in my hat. That is the truth. I was stopped.
FREDERICK BRIER. Q. This is your hand-writing to this paper, is it not - A. Yes; I have one like it about me.
Q. How long have you lived at this sugar-house in consequence of these articles - A. Ten years.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes; he usedto come and shave me. I gave him permission to take the sugar; he wanted it for brewing. I knew of his taking the sugar; I gave him leave.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
