





747 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of August
, a gold watch, value 30 l. a gold chain, value 4 l. two gold seals, value 5 l. and a gold key, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John Sparke 
                  Prowse
               




            .
JOHN SPARKE PROWSE. I am a ship and insurance broker
. I lost my watch on the 31st of August, between seven and eight in the evening, while bathing in the New river, near Newington


. After being in the water about two minutes, I heard the people on the bank ask, whose clothes are these. I got out of the water, examined my clothes, and found the fob cut out of my breeches, and the watch, chain, seals, and key gone, and the prisoner was in the custody of two witnesses who are here. I have never found my watch again.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHARING
               



            . I am a jeweller. After I had done bathing, me and 
               
                  William 
                  Horn
               



             were sitting on the bank, and saw the prisoner go towards the cloaths, then he went towards the river and put his hands into the water to wash his hands; then he went and sat by the side of the clothes, with his back towards me; I watched him, he took the breeches on his knee, I saw him put his hand up towards his waistcoat pocket, whether he put any thing in I could not see; he got up and ran away from the river, me and William Horn called out, stop thief! he fell down, we overtook him, and brought him to the clothes again, and called the gentleman out of the river; he came out, and said, he had lost his watch, chain, seals, and key.
Q. What did the man do with the watch - A. I cannot say.
Q. to Prosecutor. You never found your watch - A.Never; I did not search him immediately, in consequence of some person saying I had no right without an officer.
Q. Did you search the place - A. Yes, we did that evening, with a lanthorn, me and 
               
                  William 
                  Horn
               



            ; he found the pocket in the place where he stumbled and was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORN
               



            . On the 31st of August my man and I went up to bathe. I saw this gentleman jump into the water; the prisoner then put his hands into the water and went towards the clothes; he took something out of his pocket, what it was I cannot say, I have every reason to suppose it was a knife; he ran away, I pursued him, it was not twenty yards before I took him; immediately a mob gathered round him, I suppose he delivered the watch to a gang that was round him. I found the fob where he fell, not half a minute afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence. On that evening I went up to the river, after the constables had done duty, with an intention to bathe myself, I put my hands into the water to see if is was fit for me to go in, as I was hot walking; I began to unbutton my coat and waistcoat, I was taken short, I immediately made the best of my way to the hedge, there was a hue and cry of stop thief, I fell down; I was taken into a greenstall and searched, they never let my hands go, nothing was found on me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
