





322. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William Warre 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6d., and two bank notes for the payment of and value 1l. each, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARRE
               



             SIMPSON. I live in Fore-street, with Mr. Wilson, who is a broker. On the 3d of January, I was in High Holborn


, going towards St. Giles's, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was stopped by the constable, who had the prisoner in custody; he asked me if I had lost any thing; I found I had lost my pocket-book, which contained the property stated in the indictment. I did not see the prisoner near me. I knew the book to be mine. It was in the kennell at Southampton-buildings.
THOMAS THOHPSON. I am a constable. On the 3d of January, I was in Holborn, just by Middle-row, I saw the prosecutor walking along, and the prisoner, with two others, behind him, the prisoner attempted his pocket twice, without success; he put his finger into his pocket; the two other men were close behind, apparently covering him from view. I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take something out - He put it under his great coat. I told the prosecutor, and took hold of the prisoner and another of the men; I was the pocket-book fall from the prisoner into the kennell. The other man made his escape, and left his hat in my hand. Mr. Simpson claimed the book; it contained two 1l. notes and some papers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Q.by Prisoner. Did you not lay hold of another man before me - A. I took both together.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
