





863. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BURNETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of June
, twenty seven pounds weight of pepper, value 54 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Heath
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John Benjamin 
                     Heath
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Furze
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. Stating it to be the property of our lord the king.
THIRD COUNT. Stating it to be the property of certain persons unknown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TWINE
               



            . I am a commodore, in the East India Docks. On the 27th of June, ninety five bags of pepper were taken to be delivered; thirty one were marked. E M C; and numbered from 1, up to 30. The nett weight of the thirty, was nine thousand five hundred and ten pounds. They were delivered to the prisoner to be conveyed to the Custom house. The nett weight of a bag No. 16, was three hundred and seventeen pounds when delivered to him, and he had the charge of the whole, as a Custom house officer
.


                  JAMES 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a carman, who on this occasion, was employed to convey this pepper from the East India Docks. The prisoner was the revenue officer, attending the loading and delivery; he got up into the cart on the road, because he was lame, and there were no other person in the cart but he.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIERCY
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames police, and was going along the East India Dock road


; and observed a waggon coming along laden with pepper; I observed the prisoner at the bar, in the cart, very busily employed, and as I suspected plundering one of the bags; he was taking something out of the fore bags, which were in the waggon; I then perceived he had another small bag, which I have here, and which had the stolen property in it; he was shaking the contents of the bag to go to the bottom; he then closed the mouth to tie it. I still followed on, and observed him very busy, and in about twenty minutes I got up into the waggon, and observed him sewing up the seam of bag 16, Seeing me get up into the waggon, he swore at me, and demanded, did I come to plunder it? I told him no; but I was a police officer, and I should apprehend him for doing so; and I told him, I had been observing him all the time. He besought me to desist, saying, he had a large family, and it would be the ruin of him. I then examined the bag when we came to the London Dock, and found that a hole had been cut in it, large enough to admit this tin tube; that would be a very convenient tube for conveying the pepper out of bag 16 into his own bag, and it is the same size as the hole.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I can only give the account which Piercy has given, and which is a correct one.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  FORKS
               



            . I am a clerk in the London Docks, and have examined the pepper in the small bag, and it is the same pepper as was in bag 16.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
