






467. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DOWNING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April
, fifty pounds weight of flour, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .
MR. MONK. I am an officer of St. Luke's, and an acquaintance of Mr. Wright's. In consequence of suspicion I went to Mr. Wright's on the 10th of April, at half past four in the morning. I was let in privately by Mr. Wright's son. I placed myself on the top of the oven. The man in the bakehouse did not see me. I was laying on the top of the oven concealed. After I had lain there some time the watch went past five; some time after I heard a foot coming round towards the back of the oven, where I was. I saw a man get up a ladder to an upper warehouse, where the flour was kept. Then he came down again; then I heard a violent wrench, and a door opened. I saw the door open. The door then shut. The person went to the place from whence he came. I heard him say, he is not there, or is not come, to some person, but to whom I cannot say. In a minute or so he came back. I heard the footstep and I heard the door open. I saw the top of the door open and shut, and somebody looked out. It opened again, and I think shut again. I heard him say, where have you been? The other said, I am just come. I saw Downing come in. I looked up, and I saw Hawker and Downing with a bag. Downing took a bag up, and Hawker opened the door, looked out, and shut the door again. I then saw Downing go out with a bag under his arm, and as the door was shutting I caught hold of Hawker by the collar. I opened the door, and called to the officer outside waiting, to take hold of that fellow, Downing. Downing was brought back with the flour. The flour bag and all weighed fifty-five pounds. Hawker trembled and said, he was very sorry, and hoped his master would shew him mercy. Downing said not a word. Mr. Wright hearing me, he came. We were all in the bakehouse together. After that I took them to Worship-street office.
- GOLDSMITH. I am an officer. I was stationed opposite Mr. Wright's bake-house. I saw Downing go into the bake-house; he had no bag of flour when he went in. I saw him come out; he then had a bag of flour under his arm.
Q. Had you seen Hawker look out before Downing came in - A. Yes. I had seen him look up the street and down the street.
MR. WRIGHT. I am a baker
. Hawker was my foreman
. In consequence of information I received I stationed Mr. Monk as he has described. The value of that flour is twenty shillings. I believe it has been done a considerable time.
DOWNING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 62.





               Confined Two Years in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

HAWKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
