






1527. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUMPHRIES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, one pelisse, value 4s.; four gowns, value 4s.; one cloak, value 1s.; six waistcoats, value 3s.; one pair of shoes, value 5s.; four shifts, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Kilsby
               




            .
WILLIAM KILSBY. I am a broker
, and live at Brentford; I had a quantity of goods deposited in Mr. Bennett's out-house. On the 24th of October, as I was removing them to my own house, I found one of the parcels had been opened; Mr. Bennett fetched me to his house, and shewed me the things, which were mine.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I had bought the goods at different sales; some of the things had my private mark on them.
WILLIAM GORE. I am a constable. On the 25th of October, I took the prisoners in charge.



                  ROBERT 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I keep the Red Lion, at Brentford. On the 24th of October, Kilsby was moving his goods which he had left with me; I set the prisoner, Humphries, who is my hostler, to mind them; while Kilsby was gone with one load I ran into the yard to send him out, and saw him, and Baker, at the box; the moment they heard me coming, they shut the box; I drew back, and returned through the gateway into the yard, and secreted myself to watch them; I saw Humphries take a pelilsse out of the box, and run from the coach-house into the stable where I was-it being dark, he did not see me; while he was gone, Baker took a white gown out-on his return, Baker said he should have it, as it would make him some handkerchiefs; Baker put his hand in, and pulled out a gown and waistcoat-my sister came out and asked them if I was there - They said I was not; they hustled up the things that she should not se them - She went in, and they ran into the stable and placed the things with the others; Baker put the gown in the corn-bin. On their return to the coach-house, the cart came back, and took the other things away; I came out and told the prisoners to load the cart; Humphries went and took the things which he had taken, and put them in the hay-loft among the straw, locked the door, and came into the yard. I told him to take out the beer-when he returned, I got the things out of the stable, from behind the straw, and the gown from the corn-bin, and brought them into the kitchen, and asked Humphries if he knew anything of the property - He said he picked them up in the coach-house; I said, "You are a pretty fellow," he said they were not worth more than 1s., altogether. I sent for the prosecutor - he claimed the property; the prisoner said Baker took the gown - We sent for him and he acknowledged it. I gave them both in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HUMPHRIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
