





462. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARRIONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Kelsey
                        




                     
                  , about six o'clock in the night of the 31st of January
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one pair of shoes, value 8s.
            , his property.
RICHARD KELSEY. I live in Goodge-street, St. Pancras


, and am a shoemaker
. On the 31st of January, at six o'clock at night, I was in the kitchen; my apprentice called me - I ran up into the shop, found a pane of glass broken in the window, and a pair of shoes gone-the glass had been cracked about three weeks before, and a week after that a piece of glass was broken out of the same window. I had patched a piece of glass over the hole - I saw it safe when I put the lamp in the window. I put a box before it, which hid the hole-it stood against the window; it had been there for a week. Noon came in, and asked me if I had lost any thing? I told him I missed a pair of shoes. He said, if I would come with him, he would shew me who had them. He took me to the other end of the street, on the other side of the way, where the prisoner, another person, and a child were standing-he told me that was the party. I took hold of the prisoner - He took off his hat; one shoe fell down the area, and the other on the pavement, out of his hat. They were safe when I put the lamp in the window.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NOON
               



            . I am a thermometer-maker. I saw the prisoner, with two boys, about twelve years of age, walking up Goodge-street. One of the boys stopped at the window, and put his hand against the glass; he went on, and met the prisoner and the other boy. They returned, took a piece of glass out of the window, threw it down, and took something out - He ran and met the prisoner and the other boy. I followed them up the street, and saw them station themselves on the other side of the way. I ran to the prosecutor, and took him with me; we met them. He took the prisoner, who took off his hat, and asked us what we wanted with him? He placed his hat over the area-one of the shoes dropped down the area, and the other on the pavement. The boy broke the glass so suddenly, that I did not know whether it was loose or not. The prisoner could not see him break the window.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They never were in my possession.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of Stealing only
            , 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
