





794. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     LOVELAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, twelve black lace shawls, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Jerome
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am street-keeper of Aldersgate parish. I stopped the prisoner at the bar when I was on duty, at about eleven o'clock in the morning, of the 5th of September, a the corner of Bull Head-passage, just by Wood-street, he had a bundle under his arm, and on my interrogating him, he neither knew where he got it, nor where he was going with it, nor what he was going to do with it. He appeared to be a hawker of wood. He had this bundle of pitch wood in his hand. I took him into a house. In this bundle I found twelve lace shawls. This might perhaps be four hundred yards from Mr. Jerome's house. I afterwards found they were Mr. Jerome's property.
Prisoner. Did you never say you saw a man in a black coat running away?
Witness. Never in my life.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEROME
               



            . I am a shawl-dealer
, and my warehouse is in Wood-street, Cheapside


. On the 5th of this month, I was in my counting-house, behind the warehouse, and at about eleven o'clockin the morning, I heard the door open, and somebody asked if there was any wood wanted? (without taking my attention from my books, which I was then looking over,) I answered, no. These shawls had been on the counter, and were not missed until they were brought back by the officer. I did not see the face of the person who asked if any wood was wanted, because I did not raise my head. My counting-house looks into the warehouse. The shawls here produced by the street keeper, are my property; they have my private shop mark, masculine, on them, and they are worth from ten pounds to twelve pounds.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLDER
               



             JEROME. I am the son of the last witness, and know these shawls to be my father's property; they were missed just as they were brought in by the street keeper, 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               



            .




               GUILTY,
Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
