





673. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of April
, one great coat, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM PAGE. I am a watchman of St. Ann's Soho. On the 21st of April, I saw the prisoner with something under his great coat; I followed him I saw him run, I sprang the rattle and when he came into Church-street Soho, he threw off his great coat, and left it in the street, and turned towards Gerrad-street; I took the coat to the watchhouse; the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse,
Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. I can swear to him.
- MACKDONALD. I am a watchman in Lecester-square. I stopped the prisoner, and took from him two keys, which undid the stable doors; the constable of the night has got them.


                  JOHN 
                  HOUSBAND
               



            . I am a watchman. About half past three, I saw the prisoner with two glasses under his coat; he threw the glasses on the ground, and broke them; I pursued him.
Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am the constable of the night. I took the keys of the watchman. I went to Mrs. Johnson; I found these keys would open the door. The glasses was gone, and the frames laying by the side.
COURT. A. To Page. Is that the great coat you picked up - A. Yes, he had got it on, as his own.
MRS. JOHNSON. Q. I believe you are a widow; is your mews in Weymouth-street - A. Yes, that is my great coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I known nothing about it, as I was walking, a watchman took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
