






343. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL JAMES 
                     PILKINGTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRAY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, four pair of boots, value 30s.; two pair of shoes, value 5s.; two hammers, value 6d.; two pair of pinchers, value 2s.; and one apron, value 6d.
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Coke
                  




               
            .
JOHN COKE. I am a boot-maker
, and live in Bowling-street, Clerkenwell. On the 29th of December, in the morning, when I came to my stall in Back-hill


, I found the door open, the bolt of the lock broken, it was shut to, and the window broken. I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment. The next day, a man took me to a woman, who told me where my things were; the officer shewed me my property.


                  RICHARD 
                  EYRES
               



            . I am the watchman of Saffron-hill. About a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, I was going down Blackboy-alley, and saw the prisoner, Pilkington, in the alley, putting on a pair of half-boots, he was knocking them against the wall, he could hardly get them on; he saw me looking at him, and said, watchman shew me a light; I went up to him, a pair of old shoes were laying just by him, which he had pulled off. The prisoner, Gray, was looking round the corner and saw me, he pretended to be calling somebody to get up to go to work, but nobody answered. I heard the other watchman coming along, I called him, and we took the prisoners into custody, we took them to the watch-house and searched them, and found some small keys and a small lock on them; I found the prosecutor's property in the cellar of an uninhabited house, close to where they were putting on the boots.
HENRY BAYS. I am keeper of the watch-house. I searched the two prisoners, and found a picklock-key and three other keys on Pilkington, and a small bolt, and a brass lock; I delivered them to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took a pair of boots off Pilkington. The picklock-key fits Coke's door, very well.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PILKINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
