





576. 
               
                  AUGUSTIN 
                  DOREICE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Myers 
                        Lazarus
                     



                  , no person being therein, about the hour of three in the afternoon, on the 24th of June
, and stealing therein two jackets, value 10 s. and two pair of trowsers, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Louis 
                           Elias
                        



.


                  LOUIS 
                  ELIAS
               



            . I am a Frenchman, and the prisoner is a Frenchman. I live with Mr. Lazarus.
Q. When did you lose these things - A. Thirteen days ago to-day. The prisoner lodged in the same house.
Q. You lost your two jackets and two trowsers - A. Yes.
Q. All you know is, you lost them - A. Yes.
Q. Can the prisoner speak English - A. Yes.
MYERS LAZARUS. I live at No. 2, Back-lane, Rose-street


. The prisoner lodged in my house. About four o'clock I went out to Billingsgate-market. I hawk fish. When I went out the prosecutor's bag was full of clothes, and when I returned I found it three parts empty, to what I saw it in the morning. I went to Mr. Brown, and had the prisoner apprehended. He confessed that he took the things. He was drunk and hungry. He sold them for twenty-six shillings, in the highway; and a pair of trowsers he put on himself, he said, before he went out.
THOMAS NEW. I am a slop-seller. I bought a pair of trowsers and two jackets of the prisoner. I gave him twenty-six shillings for them.
ROBERT BROWN. I was in company with Butler in apprehending the prisoner. He confessed that he got into the house, and sold the clothes to a gentleman in the highway; a pair of trowsers and two jackets, to Mr. New, for twenty-six shillings. He said, he put the window back, and got in. I went to the slop-seller. He produced the property.
Q. to Lazarus. How many lodgers have you got in the house - A. I had two, that is all. I was the last person that went out. At this time the key was fixed in the door. He was to get in at the next door, and I got in at the next door. I got over the next yard myself, that day, to go in at the kitchen window.
Prisoner's Defence. I was drunk and hungry when I did it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 28,
Of stealing, but not of breaking the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
