






142. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHILVERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of November
, four planks of mahogany, value 5 l. and eleven mahogany bed pillars, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dawes
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COURT
               



            . I am a journeyman cabinet maker, in the employ of Mr. Dawes, Long cottage, City-road


. On the 23d of November, there was missing from Mr. Dawe's premises, three planks of mahogany, and ten or eleven mahogany bed-posts of fourteen feet long. I saw them in Mr. Dawes possession at five o'clock the night before, and I have since seen them at Hatton Garden office.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of December, I went to search Harrison's premises, No. 1, Back-hill, Hatton Garden; I found Harrison and his family there at breakfast; it was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning; afterwards I saw Chilvers coming down stairs. Mr. Harrison came out; I told him Mr. Dawes had lost some mahogany, he had some suspicion it was on his premises; he said I was wellcome to look. Mr. Dawes went first up stairs, as soon as he got to the top, he said here is my property. I then told Harrison he must go with me to the office; I took him in custody.
Q. What was the property that you found that Dawes owned - A. Three large mahogany and two bed-pillars unturned; the two bed-pihere; the planks are too large to be brought in here. At half after eleven o'clock at night I took Chilvers; he was in bed with his clothes on, except his shoes.
Q. Did you search any other place - A. Yes, I had a search warrant and searched No. 47, Seward-street, Brick-lane, Chilvers and Harrison's premises; we found nothing there belonging to Mr. Dawes.
Q. Now, bring in one of the pillars - A. This bed-pillar was fourteen feet long; it has been cut in two.


                  CHARLES 
                  TIPPEL
               



            . I live at 47, Seward-street, Brick-lane, St. Luke's.
Q. Do you know the prisoners - A. I do, my father delivered them up the key of the bottom shop of the the house, No. 47, Seward-street; I took the rent of Chilvers. My father told me he had let the shop to Harrison and Chilvers, on the 24th of October they took possession; they took it at three shillings a week; they carried on the business of carpenters.
Q. Did you see any property there - A. I did, I saw pannel doors, mahogany planks, and bed posts there. I do not recollect the quantity; they were unturned; I saw them in the shop. Chilvers paid some rent in advance; they both took it, and they were joint tenants there. I saw them at work there once; they kept the shop until they were apprehended.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a mahogany-turner. On the 24th of November, Harrison sent me ten or eleven pair of bed-pillars to turn; he told me to sell them for him if I could at twenty-four shillings a pair. I applied to Mr. Blackhall; he refused buying them, he said they were worm-eaten. He then told me to turn them, and he would sell them. On the 1st of December, Cook and Mr. Dawes came, Mr. Dawes claimed them; he said they were stolen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a coffee-roaster, I work for Mr. Tippel.
Q. Did you ever see Harrison and Chilvers at work at any bed posts - A. Yes, I saw one of them sawing them in two, and the other holding it, and I saw the mahogany planks there in the shop they rented of Mr. Tippel.


                  THOMAS 
                  HACKER
               



            . I am a timber-merchant. I saw the mahogany planks at Hatton Garden; it is a part of the log I sold to Mr. Dawes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAXWELL
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. I have seen the planks at the police office; they came off the log at Mr. Dawes premises.
Harrison's Defence. This property was brought to me for sale; I did not know it was stolen.
Chilvers's Defence. I cannot say any thing in respect to this charge, except this property was brought there; Mr. Harrison told me to take care of whatever property that was brought to him.
Harrison called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Chilvers called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
HARRISON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.
CHILVERS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
