





228. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                     NOTT
                  , alias 
CHARLES SMITH





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of December
, a counterpane, value 10 s. a tea spoon, value 2 s. two blankets, value 30 s. three dishes value 18 d. seven cups and saucers, value 18 d. a decanter, value 3 s. six knives and forks, value 3 s. and four pounds weight of feathers, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John
                  Bishop
               




            .
MARY BISHOP. My husband's name is 
               
                  John
                  Bishop
               



            , I lost these things on the 10th of December from my house in Han's-place


; I let the prisoner a house in Han's-place, No. 41. Sloane street, Chelsea


; on the 26th of October I let him the house for twelve months certain, it was furnished, the rent was two hundred guineas a year; he went into it on the 27th of October, he said he was a land surveyor you, at Stamford. in Linconshire, that alderman Newcomb was his father in law, and that his mother in law was in ill heath, he took the house for the benefit of his mother in law, that she would be there in a few days that he wished to take possession of the house as soon as it was clean; and fit for his reception. if I approved of the reference.
Q. What reference did he give you - A. Mr. Patton Cliffords inn, and Mr. Carby in Silver-street, Golden-square; he was a bookseller, I did not go myself, I sent my son, Mr. Carby sain he knew him very well; I was satisfied with the reference. Afterwards I heard a bad character of him, I heard he was taking the things out of my house, I was told so. I went to the pawnbrokers, and saw some of my things there; I saw my silver spoon at the pawnbrokers. I entered the house with a smith and a watchman; I missed all the articles in the indictment; the feathers were taken out of my bed; I found the bed stripped of feathers.
RICHARD MAYBANK. I am a constable. On Saturday, the 10th of December, I entered the house with Mrs. Bishop, and in going over the house with her she missed all the articles in the indictment; she had a smith to open the door; the house had been shut up two days. Two beds and a bolster were partly empty and a breath of carpet cut off. I received information of four other lodgings the prisoner had, and of a counterpane being pledged; the pawnbroker is here with it.


                  JAMES
                  GILLMORE
               



            . About the 13th or 14th of December, I apprehended the prisoner. I searched his lodgings; I there found a quantity of feathers, knives, and forks, sheets, and crockeryware. I then discovered that Mr. Nott had another lodging; there I found some ale that belonged to a brewer. I found at another lodging of the prisoner, there I found some cards of Nott's addressed to ladies, concerning fortune telling; I searched three lodgings of the prisoner's, and found Mrs. Bishop's property in them. I produce the property, all but the crockery-were; I have not brought that for fear of breaking them.


                  JAMES
                  COURTNEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Wright, pawnbroker, Tothill-street. I produce a counterpane, pledged on the 13th of December, by the prisoner, for twelve shillings.
Prosecutrix. That counterpane is mine; I let it to the prisoner with the house; the table cloth is mine, and the knives and forks are mine; the teaspoons is pledged in Fleet-market, it is not here; I have not got it.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 26th of October, 
               
                  Thomas
                  Nott
               



             engaged a lodging-house in Han's-place, Chelsea, of Mrs. Bishop, for two hundred guineas a year, and had a written agreement; this agreement was taken out of my pocket by Gilmore, the officer. On Monday the 5th of November, I was arrested; Mrs. Bishop let me this house, and before the the rent was due, she took possession of the house without my knowledge. What things I took out of the house was done with no fraudulent intention, only for my use while I was in confinement. I consider myself in possession of the house. I having left a cat, a living creature of mine, in it. Mrs. Bishop refused me admittance. I left a quantity of wine and a pair of boots there. My housekeeper can prove Mrs. Bishop refused me admittance; my housekeeper's name is 
               
                  Louisa
                  Smith
               



            .
LOUISA SMITH. I was engaged as a servant to Mr. Nott, the day before he took the house in Han's Place. I had the care of the house to do everything there was to do. He sent for a few things out of the house while he was in Newgate. I do not think he did it with any dishonest motive.
Q. How came the feathers out of the house - A. The feathers were never in the house; there were no feathers taken out of the house as I know of the beds in the garret had a great many holes in them, and were pinned up on one side. I left the house on Monday the 5th of December; Mr. Nott sent a bed back from Newgate, because he would not dirtit, I lived with Mr. Nott in Park Place as his mistress; but I parted with him, and became his servant in Han's Place.
Gillmore. I have brought a sample of feathers from Mrs. Bishop's bed they correspond with the feathers I found in the prisoner's lodging.
Prosecutrix. I have compared the feathers; they correspond; they were taken out of two of the best beds; they are goose feathers; the beds in the garret had no holes in them.
Prisoner. These feathers were never in Mrs. Bishop's place at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
