






550. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRIPPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of June

, one pound weight of silk, value 2 l. 5 s. and eight ounces weight of twist, value 1 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Scarratt
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Frederick William 
                     Londansack
                  



               
            . And 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BARNABY
                  



               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, he knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SCARRATT
               



            . I live at No. 12, Milk-street



, my partner's name is 
               
                  Frederick 
                  William Londansack
               



            ; we are wholesale dealers in silk

, I rent the whole house, my partner only comes there for business; the prisoner Cripps was our porter
. On the 22th of June, my warehouse-man gave me some information. I went into the cellar accompanied by him, I saw the paper parcel tied up, Clark had opened some part of it, I saw eight ounces of twist and a pound of silk, I knew it was my property; this was between nine and ten in the morning; we left the silk there till we saw the house clear, and then Matthews and me fetched it up stairs and examined it. After we were fully convinced it was our own property, I tied it up and left it in the same place; I knew it to be our's, I am quite sure of it. After we had replaced it we waited to see if any of the servants moved it. Clark went down into thecellar about three o'clock in the afternoon, and I went down and saw the parcel was missing. In the course of that time Cripps had been out with the cart, when he went out the parcel was in the cellar, and when he returned at two o'clock the parcel was in the cellar; and about three o'clock we missed it. The prisoner was gone out with the cart, when we took it up stairs and examined it.
Q. Had the prisoner access to this cellar - A. Yes.
Q. You found the parcel was gone at three o'clock, what steps did you take to find who had taken it - A. My partner wanted the horse in the afternoon, and the prisoner had to go to the west end of the town with some goods; we asked him for the key of the stable, he was the person that kept the key, he left the key behind him and soon after he went out with other goods. The stable is in Grub-street; Matthews and Clark went there and brought back the same silk and twist that I had seen in the cellar in the morning; Matthews tied some knots in the silk and put some pins with the heads off in the twist. I am sure it is the same silk that I had seen in the cellar. The prisoner returned about eight o'clock in the evening, he put by his knot, then I desired him to walk into the accompting-house. I shewed him the parcel, and asked him if he had seen it in the course of the day in the cellar or the stable; he said, he had not; I was provided with a constable, I desired the constable to take charge of him.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you promise him any favour - A. I threatened him then, if he did not tell the truth, I certainly would prosecute him as far as the law would let me.
Q. Has not the other partner a share in the house - A. The rent and taxes are paid out of the trade.
Q. Have you any other place in which your family reside - A. My family chiefly reside at Camberwell. I always had a good opinion of Cripps before this time, he lived with me about a twelvemonth; I know nothing of Barnaby.
- CLARK. I am warehouseman to Mr. Scarratt. On the 22nd of June, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I went into the cellar to draw beer, I observed a paper parcel lying under the stairs, curiosity led me to take it up, I examined it, I found it contained silk and twist.
Q. It is of the same quality as is in your masters' warehouse - A. It is. I informed the other warehouseman, my master was not up; after breakfast I saw Mr. Scarratt, I informed him, he went down and saw the parcel, it was not weighed in my presence. About three o'clock I went into the cellar, it was gone.
Q. Who had the care of your masters' stable - A. The prisoner. I and Matthews went to the stable about six o'clock, Matthews found the same parcel of silk and twist in the stable, concealed behind a board; we took it back to Mr. Scarratt.
- MATTHEWS. I am a fellow servant to the last witness. I first saw the silk in the cellar, I afterwards saw it when it was taken up in the warehouse. I opened it and marked it, I could swear to the articles without any mark, it was packed up and put in the same place as before. I got the key of the stable of the prisoner. About six o'clock, in the stable, between the weather-board and the lining I found the parcel, I knew it to be my master's silk and twist. After the prisoner was taken in custody, I went with the Constable, Clark, and two others, to the Green Dragon public house, in Fore-street; Cripps had then the stolen property in his pocket, Cripps and the constable went in first; when I went in, Cripps and Barnaby were drinking together.


                  WILIAM 
                  PAUL
               



            . I am a constable. Cripps was delivered in charge to me by Mr. Scarratt; Mr. Scarratt shewed him the parcel of silk in my presence, and asked him if he had ever seen that parcel in the cellar; the prisoner said no, he had not seen it there. I took charge of him, and took him to the Green Dragon public-house, in Fore-street.
Q. Did you see the other prisoner Barnaby there - A. I did. Cripps went in with the parcel in his hand, I stood about six yards behind him; I could not hear a word they said, Cripps gave 
               Barnaby
             the parcel, and he put it behind his coat on the settle; I watched, and when I saw Barnaby put it in his pocket. I took hold of him, and told him he had stolen property: I brought him up to Mr. Scarratt, and then I took it out of Barnaby's pocket; I have had it ever since.
Cripps's Defence. I know nothing about it; I through threats, took it to a public-house. I moved it from the cellar to the stable, not knowing what it was.
Barnaby was not put to his defence.
CRIPPS, GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BARNABY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
