





937. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     SHERWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of September
, four coach glasses, value 2 l. and a pole-piece, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a stable keeper
. The prisoner drove a job for me.
Q. When did you lose your glasses, and how - A. I lost them on the 28th, out of a coach house. The glasses belonged to a chariot. I lost the glasses and the pole-piece that same morning. The pole-piece belonged to the same carriage.


                  JOHN 
                  KNOTT
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 28th of September I was going my round, between four and five in the morning, I saw two men come out of a mews, with bundles under their arms. It was in the Edgware-road. I called after them, what have you got there. They made no answer, but went on quicker. One took through Tyburn turnpike, the other took the Bayswater road. I followed the prisoner, and called out, stop thief. The prisoner dropped a bundle. I did not stop to pick it up. I ordered another watchman to pick it up. The prisoner found I was getting ground of him; he took to Hyde park wall: he jumped over the wall. I followed him over the wall. I saw the prisoner running towards Pimlico. I then called out, stop thief. A young man stopped him, and then I took charge of him, and brought him to Marybone watchhouse. I never lost sight of the prisoner.


                  PETER 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . On the morning of the 28th I heard the rattle spring. I picked up the property that was dropped on the road, and took it to Marybone watchhouse. This is the property.
Prosecutor. It is my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the bundle; another man had the bundle.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
