





1130. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WYBROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 7th of September
, one crown-piece, and 86 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Harrison
               



            , who is a green-grocer
, and lives in Long-alley, Moorfields


 - the prisoner lodged three weeks with us. I gave her board and lodging to be my servant till she could get a place. I had 75 l. in half-crowns, in a paper box, which was locked in a bookcase in my bed-room. I often noticed that she had a great deal of money. On the 6th of September I saw about ten half-crowns, tied up in one corner of her handkerchief, which gave me suspicion. She took one out, and sent my boy to buy something. I went to my box, and missed 10 l. worth of half-crowns and a crown-piece. I came down, and said I had been robbed, but did not say of what - she immediately said,
"I declare to G - d, I have not touched your money!" I said,
"I did not say, I had lost money," and told my husband to secure her. We got an officer, who searched her. Nobody but her and my two children had access to my bed-room. She could see the box through the glass door of the bookcase.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. I believe the prisoner stood godmother to your daughter's child - A. Yes, and paid 4 s. towards a goose.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a headborough. I received the prisoner in charge. As I was taking her to the watch-house, she said she had taken money, but she thought not so much as the prosecutrix said.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Chiswell-street. On the 24th of August the prisoner bought a pair of shoes of me, which she paid for with two half-crowns.


                  MARGARET 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Allenbergh, of Union-street. I went to Bartholomew-fair with the prisoner; she spent two half-crowns, and had another.


                  SARAH 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I live in Crown-street. On the 5th of September the prisoner bought a bottle of wine - she paid me a half-crown, and I changed two others for her.


                  HANNAH 
                  JESSOP
               



            . On the 27th of August I made the prisoner a dress, which came to 2 s. - she gave me a half-crown, and would not take the 6 d. She had one or two others.


                  JANE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. On the Sunday after the robbery my child was christened; the prisoner was godmother - she paid a half-crown to the clerk, I saw another in the corner of her handkerchief.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter-in-law. On the 21st of August the prisoner gave me a half-crown to get some liquor. On the 6th of September I saw her with two others.
GUILTY. Aged 31.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
