





234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ENTWREZLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, a wrapper, value 1 s. and four blankets, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hill
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT FOR LIKE OFFENCE, only stating the property to belong to Samuel Hill, and 
               
                  
                     William Horton 
                     Coleman
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORTON COLEMAN
               



            . I am a slop-seller
 in Wapping; on Wednesday, the 31st of January, I sent the porter to Mr. Morton, Goswell-street, for two blankets, and desired him to call as he came home at Mr. Mays, Chiswell-street.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATTERWALL
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Coleman; on Wednesday the 31st of January, I went to Mr. Morton for some blankets, they were in a wrapper; in my return home, I had occasion to call at No. 61, Chiswell-street


; I took them into the passage with me, and set them close to the shop door; I was in the shop some time; I kept looking at the glass door, and while I was receiving an answer from the man of the house, they were taken away; it being a large parcel, I could see it very plain through the shop door.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am an officer; on Wednesday, the 31st of January, I stopped the prisoner in Bishopsgat street, with these blankets; I asked him, what he had got there; he told me, he had found it; I asked him where he was going with it; he said, to Petticoat-lane, to see if he could sell them; I took him in custody and the blankets. These are the blankets.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MORTON
               



            . I am agent to the Witney company; William Horton Coleman bought them blankets, here is my private mark to them; I can swear to them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going towards Moorfield's quarters at half past eight o'clock, I saw this bundle lay, I stopped a quarter of an hour, and saw no one coming, I took them on my back; this gentleman stopped me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
