





323. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL CARROL



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Norris
                        




                     
                   in the King's highway, on the 25th of March
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, a gold watch, value 30 l. a gold chain, value 3 l. a gold seal, value 1 l. and a gold watch key, value 5 s.
             his property.
WILLIAM NORRIS. I live in the Old Jewry.
Q. You are a Surgeon
 - A.Yes, sir. On the 25th of March, at half past eleven at night, I was in Holborn, about the end of Furnival's Inn


, next to Leather-lane


; I was walking along with an infirm old friend who was laying hold of my arm; and coming down Holborn, we observed two men coming in the opposite direction meeting us, making way for them to pass; instead of taking the advantage of that they ran violently against us, one of them, whom I perceived to be the prisoner at the bar, snatched a watch from my pocket and ran off; I pursued him, crying stop thief, I was gaining fast upon the man myself, but he was very soon taken. The watchmen were perfectly upon their duty. Before he was taken I saw him throw away the watch and almost immediately he was in the custody of the watchmen.
Q. Are you sure he was the man - A. I am perfectly certain that he is the man.
Q. What kind of a shove was it - A. I am very glad that question is asked, I was desirous of making it known to the Court that their was no stick, no bludgeon or knife, merely running violently against me and at the same time snatching out the watch; there was no blow, a mere shove, I conceive it was to put me of my guard, it was by no means to do me any personal injury.
Q. It produced no terror in your mind then - A. None at all.
Q. You have not got the watch now I suppose - A.I have, this is it.
(producing it.)


                  THOMAS 
                  PRENDEROAST
               



            . I am a watchman. I and the patrol secured the prisoner together, there was another in company with the prisoner, I went after him down Leather-lane.
ROGER PATTERSON. I am a patrol of Holborn. On the 25th of March, about half past eleven at night, near Furnival's Inn, I heard the cry of stop thief, I laid hold of the prisoner, we both fell down, and Dr. Norris came up and identified the prisoner as the person that took his watch away.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home to my lodgings, there was a short man in a drab coat run across the road very sharp indeed, and finding that he was close pursued he run very fast, Dr. Norris came up and said he thought I was the person.
Q. to prosecutor. Were you in liquor - A. I accidentally drank two glasses of wine at my dinner, after that I was at the College of Surgeons and had not an opportunity.
GUILTY, aged 17.
Of 


               stealing, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
