





8. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in a certain place near the King's Highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Bristow
                        




                     
                  , on the 13th of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 36 l. a gold seal, value 15 s. a gold key, value 10 s. and a stone seal, value 1 s. his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BRISTOW
               



            . I am a merchant
, No. 4, Thavies Inn, Holborn. On the 13th of November I had been dining at a coffee-house in Cornhill, and on returning from dinner with a friend I suppose it might be about eleven o'clock at night, I was going under the gateway of Thavies Inn, Holborn


; I suppose the period that I left my friend, and the time the assault was made upon me, it was not a period of time above eight seconds. I found myself incumbered by a man running against me, and feeling round my pockets; I clapped my hand down to my fob, missed my watch, and seized the man by the neck, and immediately exclaimed, you rascal you have got my watch; I took my umbrella, which I had in my left hand, and plunged the same into his mouth, and kept repeating it untill I secured him, and at the same time calling out for watch, and for assistance. The people in the houses heard me, and immediately came out with their candles, and a man of the name of Davis, who is a watchman of the place, also came out, and the constable of the parish came from the noise, and the man was taken away from me in custody.
Q. What became of your watch - A. The watch was gone; the people brought out candles and found the outside case which the constable has got. The watch I have lately heard an account that it is pawned in Blackfriars-road.
Q. Was any other man near you - A. None at all; he was quite by himself. At the moment I found a flutter I seized him, and never gave him up untill I delivered him to the constable. There was no blow struck by the prisoner, all he did was, he came plump against me, and feeling the flutter in my pocket I seized hold of him by the neck, and put my umbrella in his mouth.
Q. Then there was no harm produced - A. No harm at all.
Prisoner. How could I take the watch from you, and what could I do with it - A. There is no doubt he had an accomplice with him; there was a man seen torun from him to Hatton Garden.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 13th of November an alarm came to the watchhouse that a gentleman was robbed; I immediately went up Thavies Inn, I saw the prisoner collared by the prosecutor, he told me that he had been robbed of his watch. I immediately took charge of the prisoner. In the course of two or three minutes the watch case was brought to me. I took the prisoner to the watch-house, I searched him. I found upon him nothing but a bad dollar, a three shilling piece, and one good shilling.
Prisoner's Defence. When this gentleman accused me of the robbery I was going home, he turned round and took hold of me by the collar; he said you scoundrel, you have robbed me of my watch; I said, no, I have not; he struck me; I was all over a gore of blood; he left me and went about to look for the watch; I staid there, knowing myself an innocent man. I am as innocent of stealing the watch as God is true.
Roberts. This is the outside case.
Prosecutor. It is my outside case.
GUILTY. aged 34,




               Of stealing, but not with violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
