





193. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of February
, a wooden till, value 18 d. two hundred and forty penny-pieces, and eight hundred and forty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Shands
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SHANDS
               



            . I am a baker
 in Providence-row, Finsbury-square


. On the 10th of February, me and my wife were at tea in the parlour behind the shop. I had shut the front door before I sat down. I happened to turn my head over my shoulder; I perceived my shop door open, and the candles flaring. I proceeded to the parlour door; I saw a man laying down upon his hands and knees. I did not hurry; I thought it was one of my own men getting bread for his tea. The person run out, and I after him. I caught him. When I brought the prisoner in I looked how the till was. When I went in the parlour I left the till close shut. I had just served a customer before I sat down to tea. I caught the prisoner about two doors off.
Q. When you first saw him was he near the till - A. He was laying on his hands and knees; he was taking the till. I heard the till rattle when he went out. When I came in the till was hanging by the two bind quarters. My man was at the door; he heard me run out of the shop; he came up out of the kitchen, and stood at the door.
Q. Was there any thing in the till - A. Yes, two pounds fifteen shillings in penny pieces and halfpence, and a good many farthings. They are here. I have had the custody of them ever since. When I went to the office I could not say what precise sum was in the till. My wife had taken some halfpence out and put some more in. That is the precise sum when I came back. When I took the prisoner he asked me what I wanted of him; I said, if you come in the shop I will tell you. He said, you are mistaken, I am not the man. I am sure I am not mistaken; I never lost sight of him. He tried to get away; I tore his shirt and waistcoat; I took him to Worship-street office.
Prisoner. He told me that I had stolen a loaf at first.
Prosecutor. There was a loaf on the counter; I do not know whether he meaned to take it or no. I had not left a loaf in that place on the counter; there were loaves in the window.


                  STEPHEN 
                  HART
               



            . I live within four or five doors of the prosecutor. The prosecutor sent his man to me to know where to get a constable. I went to see what was the matter. When I got there he had just got the prisoner into the shop. I asked the prisoner what was the matter; he said, Mr. Shands had dragged him into the shop; he did not know for why. Iasked him, what he was, and who he was. He said, he was a calenderer. he worked for Mr. Fisher, in Hill-street. I told him I knew Mr. Fisher, and if he was an honest man Mr. Fisher would come and give that character. Before I went out, one of Mr. Fisher's young men came in; he said, he does not work at our house, nor had not for two years past. He said nothing to that, but declared his innocence, and that he never was taken before a magistrate, and when he was taken to the office the officers knew him very well.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Hill-street, and passing by the prosecutor's shop I saw a young man outside of the door; he looked like a butcher. The prosecutor told a gentleman he saw a young man run out of the shop and go across the road; I said if I knew where the young man was I would find him. I did not know where he was.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
