





190. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     WISE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, a gown, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brass
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  BRASS
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  William 
                  Brass
               



            , he is a carpenter and builder
, No. 41 Wood Street


. I lost my gown on the 1st of February.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner. - A. She came to my house to be hired as a servant on the last day of January. On the 1st day of February I went after her character, during the time I went for her character, she came for her answer, and was asked down into my kitchen, and while my servant came up to say she had come, she stole a gown from off the basket that had just come from the mangler. On the Monday following, a young woman came to my house to ask me if I had not hired a young woman as servant of the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Evans
               



            .
Q. Was the prisoner present. - A. No, I agreed to take the prisoner, her character suited. When she came to my house my husband sent for a constable, he searched her and found twenty-nine duplicates in her pocket, one of them was for my gown, pawned at Mr. Sadlers, Aldergate Street.


                  GEORGE 
                  HENRY CLEAVE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live with Mr. Sadler, this gown was pawned with me on the 5th of February in the name of Taylor, for three shillings, I cannot say the prisoner is the person that pledged it, the duplicate produced by Mrs. Brass is our duplicate.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
