





397. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 31st of March
, unlawfully, by false pretences, did obtain five gross of satin gard lace, value 14 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Burgh
                        




                     
                  , with intent to cheat and defraud him thereof
            ;


                  JOHN 
                  BURGH
               



            . I am clerk to my father, 
               
                  James 
                  Burgh
               



            , a fring and bed lace manufacturer
, in Little Bartholomew-close.
Q. Is Mr. 
               James
             a customer of yours - A. Yes. The prisoner came on the 31st of March and brought this order which I have in my hand.
"Please to let the bearer have two gross of each of the patterns. 
               
                  Francis 
                  James
               



            .
D. SMITH."
Q. D. Smith was there shopman - A. Yes; I delivered two gross of satin gard lace, value six pounds, two gross of the other, five pounds six shillings, and one gross of blue, two pounds fourteen shillings, making in the whole fourteen pounds.
Q. Did you know any thing of this man before - A. No. I am sure as to his person.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a lace and fringe manufacturer in Newgate-street.
Q. You are a customer of Mr. Burgh's, are you - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar - A. No; I never saw him till he was brought to Guildhall.


                  DENNIS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. James.
Q. Look at that note - is it your hand-writing - A. No.
Q. Did you send the prisoner to Mr. Burgh for any article - A. No. I never saw the prisoner before he he was taken into custody.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the Jury, I never was in any court of justice before this time charged with any offence inimical to the laws of my country; I am now twenty-one years of age, and the rectitude of my conduct cannot be impeached previous to this; I was led into this crime by a designing and wicked man, whom I never saw before; I saw him in Long-lane, West Smithfield, and the goods I obtained from my prosecutor, I received an order from this man, and only received a remuneration of one shilling and sixpence, and I never had any conception that it was an illicit transaction, therefore, was the same person to ask me to go again of the same errand, was I to see him, I might have so done, without any guilty knowledge, particularly as I am not able to read writing, and being illiterate; I hope the respectable housekeepers with whom I have lived will satisfy this court that this crime is not wilfully done, and as such I expect the word of acquittal in my favour.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
