





1443. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, forty-four silk handkerchiefs, value 12l. the goods of 
                     
                        Magnus 
                        Jackson
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Roberts
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am servant to Magnus Jackson, who is a hosier
, and lives in Piccadilly


. The prisoner has bought several trifling things at our shop. He said he should want some silk handkerchiefs. On the 19th of September he bought some flannel, and said he had no money but would send it in the afternoon, instead of which he sent a note, desiring I would send the flannel with some silk handkerchiefs the next morning, by my boy, which I did, and told the boy not to deliver them without the money.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You do not know his hand-writing - A. No. I have seen the person who brought the note several times with the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am errand-boy
 to the prosecutor. I know the prisoner; I had seen him at the shop. Hopkins gave me the parcel to take to Manchester-street, to show the gentleman. I met the prisoner at Charing-cross, he asked if I came from Mr. Jackson's, I said Yes. We walked as far as Lancaster-court, Strand. He then said I must give him the handkerchiefs to show to his aunt, who he said lived up the court. He took them, and told me to go to 24, Exeter-street, and inquire for his mother andwait there till he returned. I went and inquired for Mrs. Williams, as I had known the prisoner by that name. I could find no such person. He never brought either the goods or money. He was taken some time after.
Cross-examined. It was dark. I am certain he is the man. I was told not to give him any thing in the street. I should not have delivered them to him without the money.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
