





596. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, one handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Sawyer
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOWER
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. On the 28th of February, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing down Holborn-hill, and saw the prisoner and another man together, trying to take the handkerchief out of Mr. Sawyer's pocket, who was walking before them. They kept following him, and made a second attempt. I saw the handkerchief taken out of his pocket between Shoe-lane and Fleet-market. I went up, and collared the prisoner, he threw it down. The people said,
"Let him go!" Mr. Sawyer told me to detain him - I took him to the Compter. His companion went down Field-lane. The prisoner said he was sorry for it, and if I had any children they might come to the same fate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I saw the prisoner secured, and saw him throw the handkerchief down, I picked it up.


                  HENRY 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live at Enfield. On the 28th of February, I was going along Holborn-hill


-just as I passed Shoe-lane, the last witness called to me, and produced my handkerchief, which I had not then missed. The prisoner said he was out of employ.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two men picked the gentleman's pocket, and dropped the handkerchief - I picked it up, and was going to return it when I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
