





170. 
               
                  
                     NEEDLER 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January
, a sapphire broach, value 20 l. and a diamond ring, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            



                  DENNIS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Q. Did the prisoner ever come to your shop - A. Yes. On Wednesday, the 24th of January, he came to look at some diamond rings and other diamond articles; he looked at a pair of diamond earrings at six guineas; he said, he would take them withhim; I declined, not knowing him. He looked out things to the amount of about 250 l. He said, he would call the next day, my uncle not being in the way; he went away, he told me that his name was Harvey, of Wimpole-street. He came again on Friday, and looked over some articles, my uncle was present at that time; he said, he wished we would get him a diamond necklace to the value of about two hundred and fifty pounds; my uncle said, he would do that. He desired my uncle to wait upon him, in Wimpole-street, on the Monday. He said he would take a ring and a broach with him as part of the articles, and if he did not keep them we would not feel ourselves hurt, and he would let us know on the Monday if he meant to keep them. He was to give forty pounds for the broach and ring if he kept them.
Q. Did he agree for the other articles - A. Yes: there was a diamond watch and chain for one hundred guineas, a diamond ring at eight guineas and a half, and several other articles that I cannot recollect. I think the amount altogether, including the broach and ring, is two hundred and fifty pounds. We were to send these things on Monday next, between the hours of eleven and two, to No. 11, Wimpole-street, and to deliver them to himself, Mr. Harvey, he said his name was. He went away with the broach and ring.
Q. Did you go on the Monday - A. No; my uncle went. I went and made enquiries on the Saturday at the house, if Mr. Harvey lived there; a woman servant informed me, No; they did not know such a person; Dr. Heath kept the house.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On Tuesday, the 23d, there was a sale at Mr. Phillips's, in Bond-street; it consisted of plate, diamonds, watches, and various jewellery; which sale I attended. Mr. Chamberlain was at the sale, I never saw him before, he stood the next person to me. A Mrs. Williams, of Wimpole-street, said to me, Mr. Davis, have you got one of your cards in your pocket, I presented her with one, and Mr. Chamberlain said, I will thank you for one of your cards; I gave him one. He then informed me, that he was partial to diamonds, and a great buyer of them, and that he should be a good customer, and he should come to my house on the next day. On Friday he came to my shop, some things were shewn to him which he had looked out, and the price agreed for two hundred and fifty pounds odd, and two hundred pounds before. After that Mr. Chamberlain told me, if I would come on Monday to No. 11, Wimpole-street, he would pay me for these: I was to bring the articles myself. He said his name was Harvey. I shewed him a diamond ring and a sapphire broach, set round with diamonds, he liked them very much; he said, Mr. Davis, I will not buy these, but on Monday I will determine whether I will keep them or not, but do not feel yourself hurt if I do not purchase them. Twenty-six pounds was to be the price of the sapphire broach, and fourteen pounds for the ring, if he had paid for them. He then said, Mr. Davis, you will permit me to put these in my pocket till Monday when you come; I said, certainly, and I presented them to him. He did not say that he would pay me for them, only that on Monday he would determine. Mr. Chamberlain went then away, and had possession of the broach and ring. On the Monday, I went to No. 11, Wimpole-street, according to his appointment; I found that no such person lived there. I then returned to Mr. Phillips's, Bond-street, as Mr. Chamberlain purchased some things there on the day I was at the sale, to see what address he left; he had left there, Mr. Harvey, No. 12, Wimpole-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BALLAD
               



            . I live at Mr. Barker's, pawnbroker, Princes-street, Soho. On Friday, the 20th of January, I received in pledge of the prisoner, a diamond ring and a sapphire broach for twenty pounds. I am positive he is the person; he gave me the name of Smith, Wimpole-street.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I feel the greatest contrition for my offence that I stand here committed. I was reduced from the sphere of life from which I was removed by this, and necessity compelled me to act contrary to what was my inclination. I had no resource left but that, and I was compelled to act contrary to the dictates of my heart. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY, aged 28,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
