







1314. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, sixteen yards of lace, value 30 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shoolbred
                  




               
            .


                  NELSON 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Shoolbred
               



            , who lives in Tottenham-court-road


. On the 14th of August, about twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoners came into the shop, and asked to look at some printed cotton, they chose a piece at the door; I cut off twelve yards, which came to 12 s. They then looked at a box of thread-lace, and ordered three quarters of a yard at 2 s. While I was cutting it off, I saw the prisoner, Sarah, take a piece out of the box, and put it either under her shawl, or into her bosom; she had a large shawl on - they both continued looking at the lace. I saw Sarah take more; Denman was in the shop. He instantly came forward, and accused them of stealing lace. She immediately threw it down - they threw some into the lace-box, which I could not distinguish; sixteen yards of it was not thrown into the lace-box. Ann said,
"Have you given it all to them?" - it was worth 44 s. They did not pay for what they bought.


                  GEORGE 
                  DENMAN
               



            . I was at the shop, and saw the prisoner, Sarah, taking lace, and concealing it. I laid hold of her, and found some under her shawl - she threw it from her.


                  GEORGE 
                  SQUIL
               



            . I took the prisoners into custody, and found sixteen yards of lace on them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ANN 
                  MARTIN
               



            'S Defence. I did not ask if she had given it all back.
S. MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
A. MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
