





1041. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DACE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of October


, twenty shillings in monies numbered, a 5 l. bank note, and four 1 l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kempster
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KEMPSTER
               



            . I am a rope-maker
, 46, Goswell-street


. I have a warehouse in Thames-street


. I had two persons down there who employed the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I live with Mr. Kempster. I was employed in Thames-street.
Q. What was the prisoner - A. A soldier
. He was employed at our warehouse on the 10th of October. I employed him to do a job for me, one in Bishopsgate-street, the other into Thames-street; he came back; for one I paid him nine pence, and the other three pence. He then asked me whether I had another job. I told him no, not at present. After that, I went to the public-house and had half a pint of beer. I went back to the warehouse. In about a quarter of an hour afterwards I was coming down stairs; I met the prisoner three parts of the way up stairs. As I was coming out he ran down stairs. I ran after him. He began to throw some dirt about that lay at the bottom of the stairs, and said what time in the morning shall I come to you to see if you have any thing for me to do; he said, about twelve o'clock? I said, yes, he might. He said he should not go home directly; he should go to thewharf to see if he could get a job there. I saw no more of him after that. This was about half after five. I went to the door the next morning; I found the warehouse door open. This was about nine o'clock in the morning. I went to the desk, I found ten pound was gone; nine pound in notes, and about a pound in silver and copper. I went over to Mr. Kempster's young man, and told him of it.
Q. Do you know what notes they were - A. Yes, a five pound note and four ones.
Q. Were they ever found, any of them - A. Yes, a five pound note.
Q. What business had he at the warehouse when you saw him coming down stairs - A. He had no business there at all.


                  ROBERT 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and took him to the Compter. I then went to his lodgings, with the officer of the Compter with me, and in searching we found in the cover of a tureen forty-one shillings, seven three-shilling pieces, five eighteen-pieces, and twelve shillings and sixpence in silver. In a cartouch box we found three one-pound notes. We then went to the Compter, and asked the prisoner what he had done with the five-pound note. He told us that he had bought a pair of shoes, and had given eight shillings and two pence for them, and changed the five-pound note with the shoemaker to pay for them. We went to the shoemaker; he had paid it away. We traced the note until we got it.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the five-pound note and the three ones. The shoes are here also that the prisoner changed the note for.
William Hunt. I know the five pound note; it is my master's.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the court. I have a wife and two children. I was in distress, and I was in debt with my serjeant. I had not a bit of bread to eat for two days.


                  GEORGE 
                  MESSENGER
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I sold a pair of shoes to the prisoner; he paid me eight shillings and two pence for them. That five pound note is the note he paid me for the shoes, and these three ones that are here are the notes I gave him in change.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
