





613. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for, that 


               he, about one o'clock in the night of the 2d of April
, at the parish of Saint George in the East, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Ruddy
                        




                     
                  , did steal therein one jacket, value 2s.; one hat, value 12s.; two pair of trowsers, value 7s.; one pair of stockings, value 6d.; one handkerchief, value 3d.; and one pair of shoes, value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Clarkson
                     



                  ; and, that he, having committed the said felony, in manner aforesaid, afterwards, to wit, about the said hour of one o'clock in the night of the same day, burglariously did break the said dwelling house, to get out of the same
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  RUDDY
               



            . I rent the sign of the Duke of Rutland, in Old Gravel-lane




. On the 1st of April, the prisoner took a lodging at my house, for the night only. Clarkson had lodged for five weeks in the same room that the prisoner slept in. The prisoner slept there two nights, and paid me 6d. per night for the bed. On the 2d of April, about a quarter before four o'clock, previous to day-light, I was alarmed by the watchman. I am quite sure I had fastened the house. I found the prisoner gone, and the door wide open. There was no appearance of violence-it must have been opened from within. Clarkson missed his things. The prisoner was taken the next night.
PETER CLARKSON. The prisoner lodged in the same room with me for two nights. There was another man slept in the same room who was blind: my things laid on a chair. About five o'clock in the morning, I was awoke: it was just day-light. The prisoner was gone: he had not said he was going. The blind man remained in bed. When the prisoner was taken, I saw some of my property again.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RUDDY
               



            . I am sure it was not day-light. I was obliged to have a candle to look at the door: the key hung on the nail by the door-all my other lodgers were safe in bed.
WILLIAM SUMMERS. I am a headborough. On the 3d of April, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found a jacket and handkerchief on him, which Clarkson claimed. I also took a pair of stockings off his feet, which Clarkson likewise claimed. I asked the prisoner what he had done with the rest: he would not tell me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The door was not locked.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing only. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
