





371. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CROFTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, one basket, value 3s.; one cloth, value 1s. and 30lbs. of butter, value 2l. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the goods of George Rich.
SAMUEL STEVENS. I am a butter-dealer
, and live at Great Missenden, in Buckinghamshire; on the 12th of February I delivered a flat of butter to 
               
                  George 
                  Rich
               



            , directed to William Stevens, Rose-street, Newgate-market.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICH
               



            . I am a carrier. I received the flat of butter from Stevens, and brought it safe to town on Friday-it was to be delivered in Rose-street; when I went to look for it I missed it. I had left it safe in the waggon in Newgate-market


. Stevens came up and told me I had lost it - I said I had.
WILLIAM STEVENS. I am a poulterer, and live in Rose-street, Newgate-market. On the 12th of February, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Stevens
               



             (my uncle), wrote to inform me he had sent a flat of butter by Rich's waggon; on Friday morning a watchman came and told me there was a flat of butter directed to me, at the watch-house, and that he had stopped a man with it - I went and found it there. I told the constable there was a note inside for me, I opened the flat and found it there.
DANIEL MAHONEY. I am a watchman. I was calling half-past five o'clock in the morning, and met the prisoner in Cow-lane, with the flat of butter on his head, I thought he was going to the George Inn, he passed the gate, I followed him, and asked him what he had got? he said it was an empty hamper that his father gave him to carry to the Bull Inn, Holborn - He threw it down. I found it heavy, and asked him what was in it, he said, butter; I asked him if his father gave him the butter, he said, no. I told him he was going the wrong way to the Bull Inn, and secured him. It was directed to Mr. Stevens.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A hamper was left every morning at a door in Newgate-street, for me to carry to the Bull Inn, I took this thinking it right



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
