







991. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOGG
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HILL
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BOND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of September
, a ham, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Benson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Miles
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BENSON
               



            . I am one of the partners at Garraway's coffee-house





. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Miles
               



             is the other partner.
Q. What were these men - A. They were dustmen


. On the morning of the 27th I was called up about seven o'clock. I went down stairs. On my coming down stairs the prisoners were secured in the cellar by our men, and the ham that was said to be taken was in the coffee-room.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a waiter to Messrs. Benson and Miles. On the morning of the 27th of September I was apprised by my fellow servant that Bond, the prisoner, had taken a ham, and emptied it into the dust cart. I went to the cart, and there I found the ham covered with dust. I took it out of the cart, and brought it into the coffee-room. I then secured the cellar window and the top cellar door, and kept them in the cellar. I then sent my fellow servant to call my master up, and I went for an officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am cellerman to Messrs. Benson and Miles. On Monday morning the dustmen came between six and seven. In the course of some little time afterwards I perceived the prisoner, Bond, empty the basket in a suspicious kind of a way; he threw the basket down with his left hand, and covered the dust over with his right, which made me suspect that master had lost something, I acquainted my fellow servant of it. I went down in the cellar and counted the hams; I missed one. I saw the ham after it was brought back; it was my masters by the appearance and by the size; it had got no mark on it. I am sure the the prisoner, Hill, did not see it put into the cart, nor was he there when the ham was put into the basket.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th I took these men into custody. I produce the ham.
Baxter. I have no doubt it is my master's property.
Hogg's Defence. I am innocent. I got into the dust-hole; I could not see what was in it.
Hill's Defence. I never saw any thing of it.
Bond's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn. I never had it in my hand, nor never saw it.
HOGG, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
HILL, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
BOND, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
