





1454. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, two jars, value 1 s.; 2 lbs. of preserved ginger, value 10 s.; 2 lbs. of Guava jelly, value 10 s., and one shell, value 5 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nelson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am steward of the West India ship Victoria
. On the 10th of September I was walking in the Strand, and met a man, who asked me where I came from? I said I came from Barbadoes. He asked me to go to a public-house with him, and have a glass of beer? I went, and he called for a pot of beer. The prisoner came in, and asked him if any one was in the room? He said he had given somebody a 5 l. note, and the person had ran away with it, but he did not mind that, for he had got plenty more. He pulled out a pocket-book, and wished me to play a game with him for one guinea - I said I had no money. He asked me what I had got to sell? I told him I had got some sweetmeats to sell, and he said he would buy them. I left him in the house, went home, and fetched two jars of sweetmeats and a shell - when the prisoner first came into the house he pretended to be tipsy. I left the things on the table, and the prisoner in the house, while the other man went to shew me where he lived. I went about a dozen yards, came back again, and the prisoner was gone off with them; I did not see him again until I met him in Fleet-street; I caught hold of him, and asked him for his address? He knocked my hand from him, and another man who was with him, gave me an address, No. 13, Shire-lane, Temple-bar - I could not find him there. I afterwards saw him in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What house did you go to - A. The Three Horse Shoes, public-house, St. Clements


 - the prisoner did not play with me; he said he would buy the preserves. I live in Tooke's-court, Carey-street; I understood him that he would pay me directly - he said he would give me a guinea jar - I have not seen my friend since; I did not mean him to have them unless he paid me for them - I did not mean that he should have them on trust.


                  MARGARET 
                  LAIRD
               



            . My husband keeps the public-house. On the 10th of September, a friend of the prosecutor's came into the house with him - the prisoner went into the parlour, and pretended to be in liquor. The young man asked the prosecutor if he would leave his jars with the prisoner while he went and shewed him where he lived - the prosecutor went out with him. I was coming down stairs, and saw the prisoner go out with the jars in his hand; I tapped him on the shoulder, and asked him for a paper of mine, which he had taken that morning - he seemed agitated, and said he knew nothing of it. I told him I always thought him a suspicious character, and wished he would not come to my house. In about five minutes the prosecutor returned and missed his jars; he did not know the man, but the other man had accosted himin the street, saying, that he knew him. I told him to leave his address, and when I saw the prisoner again I would send for him. About three weeks after, the man brought the prisoner in very much in liquor; I was at the door, and saw the prosecutor looking for him - I charged him with stealing the jars. I am sure he is the man - I saw him take them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know whose jars they were - A. No, or I should not have let him go - he was always bringing drunken men to my house, and when company were there, he would never stop.


                  JOHN 
                  LANGFORD
               



            . On the 30th of September Laird gave the prisoner into my charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of him for 1 l.; his friend met me at the door, and took them from me, saying, that I had not paid for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 53.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
