








431. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     EVANS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  HUGH 
                  TAYLOR
               




            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LLOYD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing. on the 21st of February
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Gunnel
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL GUNNEL. I live in Cowley-street, Westminster. I lost my handkerchief on Monday the 21st of February, between twelve and one o'clock in the day. I knew I had my handkerchief in my outside coat pocket. I knew nothing of it being taken until the officer tapped me on the shoulder and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief. On applying my hand to my pocket I found my handkerchief was gone. The handkerchief the officer produced to me was my handkerchief. I was in the Strand, going in a direction towards Temple-bar.
WILLIAM WESTCOAT. I am an officer. On the 21st of February, I first saw Brown, Evans, and Taylor, in company together; they were near Temple-bar. I followed them behind coaches, watching them. I do not recollect seeing Lloyd at all. I watched them as far as the New church in the Strand. They went on to just behind Somerset House; they made a stop there. Mr. Gunnel was passing by with a lady in a direction to the City; they then immediately followed Mr. Gunnel. They turned after Mr. Gunnel. Evans put his hand into Mr. Gunnel's pocket. Mr. Gunnel was walking on. He pulled his hand out of his pocket, and brought nothing out. He took his hand away, and went off. They walked after Mr. Gunnel again. Evans took the handkerchief out of Mr. Gunnel's pocket, and put it under Taylor's arm.
Q. At the time that this was done where was Lloyd - A. I did not see Lloyd to my recollection at all. Brown was apprehended between three and four in the afternoon. I apprehended Brown myself in Russel-street, Covent Garden. I charged him with stealing Mr. Gunnel's handkerchief. He denied it, and said he had not been in the Strand at all at the time. I apprehended Evans and Taylor; Brown ran away. I do not recollect seeing Lloyd. I was for keeping out of Brown's sight; I thought he would recollect me.


                  CHARLES 
                  MYERS
               



            . I belong to Bow-street. On the 21st of February; I was going up Fleet-street. Just before I got to Temple-bar I observed Taylor and the other three prisoners; they were going into the Strand. At the time I saw them first, Taylor had his hand in a gentleman's pocket; he pulled the gentleman's white handkerchief partly out. The other three prisoners could see what he was doing. Taylor did not pull the handkerchief quite out. The gentleman got from him. I followed them until they stopped just by the New church in the Strand. I was in an hurry to go to the office to deliver a note to Mr. Stafford. When I got to the office I told Westcoat there were four pickpockets in the Strand. After I delivered my message to Mr. Stafford. I went into the Strand; I saw Westcoat pulling Evans and Taylor into a public-house I observed Brown run up Castle-street and I saw Lloyd going towards St. Clement's church.
Westcoat. I searched Evans and Taylor; I found nothing upon Evans; upon Taylor I found these two handkerchiefs; one under his arm and one in his pocket.
Q. to Mr. Gunnel. Has the officer shewn you the handkerchief - A. Yes; I am certain it is mine.
Taylor's Defence. I am entirely innocent.
Evans's Defence. The same.
Brown's Defence. The same.
Lloyd was not put on his defence.
TAYLOR, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
EVANS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
LLOYD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
