





453. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  PORTER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of April
, two window-curtains, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Belton
                        



                     
                  ; six pair of breeches, value 12 s. two sheets, value 6 s. a pair of stays, value 6 s. six towels, value 2 s. 6 d. two shifts; value 3 s. five bed-gowns, value 5 s. 6 d. two petticoats, value 8 s. three pieces of cotton bed-furniture, value 5 s. an apron, value 6 d. a waistcoat, value 6 d. three pockets, value 6 d a pair of socks, value 4 d. twelve pair of stockings, value 1 l. three half neck handkerchiefs, value 2 s. five night-caps, value 3 d. a frill, value 6 d. and a purse, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Odell
               



            .
SAMUEL BELTON. I am an inn-keeper
, in St. John-street. The curtains named in the indictment are my property; they were stolen out of a house that I had lately left, No. 33, St. John-street


.
NATHANIEL ODELL. My property was stolen from the house, No. 33, St. John-street. I was the last time in the house about a fortnight ago; the house was shut up.
Q. What time did you go there, the last time in the day - A. It was on a Sunday morning. About a fortnight after I had left there, the house had been entered into; a small box containing my wife's clothes, which had been left up stairs, was brought below, and all the contents taken away but one pair of stockings, and some things of mine were taken out of another box. I afterwards saw some property at the magistrate's, which I knew to be mine.
ANTHONY HARRISON. I am one of the officers of the City. Tuesday morning, April 12th, me and Brockwell were coming from the Mansion House; we met the prisoner in Grub-street, about a quarter after six in the morning; he had a large bundle on his head; there was another man with him; the other man had nothing at all. I said to the prisoner, Dick, what have you got here. I knew him well. He made some excuse, threw the bundle down; he ran up Butler's-alley, and I after him. Brockwell stopped with the bundle. As the prisoner ran, he threw this iron crow away. I catched him. Brockwell took the bundle to my house. I do not live far from there. On searching the prisoner, I found nine picklock-keys, a bottle of phosphorus, matches, and two gold rings, I found in his breeches pocket. I took the prisoner to the Compter. I advertised the things; Mr. Belton and Odell claimed the property.
Q. to Mrs. Odell. Look at that bundle; do you find any tablecloths there - A. Yes; they are marked. I am sure they are my husband's property. All the articles in the bundle are our own property, except the window-curtains; they are Mr. Belton's, I am sorry to say, there is not one third of the property I lost.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
