





1008. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of October
, in a certain place and street. called Grosvenor-row


, upon Jane, the wife of Thomas Bailey, unlawfully did make an assault, with intent to spoil, burn, and deface, the clothes of her the said 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Bailey
                        



                     
                  , that he did then and there in the said public street, spoil, burn and deface, a gown, value 20 s. and a shawl, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bailey
                        



                     
                  , upon her the said 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Bailey
                     



.


                  JANE 
                  BAILEY
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bailey
               



            .
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A; Yes; Sunday I think was on the 16th of October; on the Thursday evening previous to the Sunday, I had something thrown over me; my gown, and every part of my dress was injured; my shawl, petticoat, and stockings.I set my son to watch on Sunday evening; I told him not to leave me a moment.
Q. Where had you been on Sunday - A. To chapel; I was returning from chapel when I met with this; I returned from chapel about a quarter past eight in the evening; I was about twenty yards from my own house in Grovesnor-row, Chelsea; I was coming home from chapel, in the foot-path, in the main street; my son screamed out, here he is: he screamed out, that something was thrown over me, and I understood him to say Butcher; I perceived the effect immediately on turning round; I have the things in court. I tested it; it burnt my skin off my lip, and water poured from my mouth in torrents; it burnt my mouth very much, and made my mouth water very much.
Q. What effect did it produce upon your clothes, what clothes did it injure - A. Stockings, shoes, a shawl, and a gown; I valued my gown at twenty shillings; this is my shawl that I had on on Sunday evening; it has burned my gown in seven places, it has burnt it all to pieces; that was produced by the liquid thrown over it; the gown was quite whole, and almost new. The shawl has many great holes in it; the shawl was worth ten shillings, and more than that; I believe it was valued a pound at the office. They were both in a perfect state before the liquid was thrown over them. When the liquid was thrown over me, I saw the prisoner cross the way; my son accused him of doing it; he said that Mr. Butcher had thrown something over me; Butcher denied it; he said, would he say that he did it; yes, the boy said, he would say so before any magistrate in England. That was all that happened at that time. The boy supported his charge, and the prisoner denied it. My husband laid hold of him; he did not search him, he being a neighbour, and it being a Sabbeth evening.
Q. He was a neighbour - A. Yes.
Q. Had you been upon good terms - A. We had no words; I did not know that he owed me the least ill will in the world. When my husband laid hold of him, he let him go; he did not want to take him from his wife and family that night.
Q. Could you at all see the liquid or whatever it was that came from him - A. I did not see; it was behind me.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am the husband of Mrs. Bailey. On the 16th of October, I, my son-in-law, and my wife, were coming from chapel; I did not see the prisoner until after this matter happened; all that I observed, I was opposite of Mr. Chapman's, the baker in Grosvenor-row; my son-in-law said to his mother, there was something thrown over her; again he gave the alarm; in consequence of that, I turned round, and catched hold of the prisoner direct, he was close to me; I saw that my wife's clothes were burnt. I asked the prisoner, how he came to do it; he denied it. The boy accused him of it. I found my wife's clothes were burnt. The prisoner touched me on the waistcoat, which stained my waistcoat; my waistcoat is stained now. I am not acquainted with the smell of aquafortis; there was a very strong smell upon it, and a very unpleasent one; it was a strong smelling liquid that stained my waistcoat. I washed the place since; I believe the is a stain upon it now. I let him go directly; I was not aware of it at the time it happened; at the time I laid hold of him. I was not aware that the waistcoat was stained with his touch; not till I got in doors.
Q. Did any other person touch your waistcoat - A. Not at all. There was some gentleman took hold of him when I let him go; I requested he might not be kept in custody that night; I said, I knew him very well, he was a neighbour, I knew where to find him; the next morning in consequence of which he was suffered to go at large.
Q. What is he - A. He keeps an eating-house. I told him he had done an unmanly action, and I hoped he would consider of it, and prepare himself against the morning; he wanted to know what I ment by calling it an unmanly action, and seemed to want to fight; I told him I wanted no disturbance in the street at all; I should not defend myself that way; therefore, he would be prepared for the next day. My wife's clothes at the instant fell to pieces, not immediately, but in a short time afterwards. The next morning I did not take him before the magistrate; in consequence of his having gone to Marlborough-street to obtain a warrant against me for assaulting and stopping him in the street; I thought it necessary to defend myself; I went to Bow-street, and got a warrant, and had him taken up.


                  RICHARD 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am 16. I returned from chapel all the way with Mr. and Mrs. Bailey; I walked all the way behind my mother. In consequence of having received information of my mother on the Thursday evening, On Sunday evening, I saw the prisoner come out of an entry with a phial or something that held liquid in his hand.
Q. Where was that entry - 
               A. 
            That is Grosvenor-row; it is a cart way to a factory and paper stainers. He had a phial, and his thumb on the top of the phial; when he came out of the entry he was about a yard and a half, or rather better from Mrs. Bailey.
Q. Were there any other person as near as him to Mrs. Bailey - A. No; I fanoy he watched that opportunity. I say him throw the liquid out of the bottle; the liquid came some on my mother, and some on the ground; some fell on my stocking, which I instantly felt it come through my stocking, and made my leg smart a little. This is the stocking; the acid is in the stocking now; I was so near the prisoner, that he nearly tripped me down; there was no other person near that could throw it on my mother. Upon my screaming out the prisoner hovered over me, and said, do you say, I did it; I said yes, I will swear it before any magistrate in England, I now say upon my oath the prisoner did it.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him the character of a good tempered man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
