





310. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, one hundred and sixty-eight files, value 1 l. 17 s. 3 d. a 10 l. bank note, a 5 l. bank note, and two promissory notes for the payment of five guineas each
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for life offence, stating the goods and notes to be the property of different other persons.
BENJAMIN ROBINSON. I am proprietor of the Angel coach-yard


, in Angel-street, St. Martin's-le-grand. On the night of the 9th of March, the prisoner was a servant
 of mine. About one o'clock, the guard of the Sheffield coach informed me that the prisoner had stolen a parcel out of his coach. I asked him where the prisoner was; he said, he was run away. He gave me the parcel; I locked it up. The next morning I opened it in the guard's presence; it contained fourteen dozen of small files, a ten-pound bank note, a five-pound bank note, and two five-guinea Sheffield notes, and this invoice, and letter. One of the notes I have saved in case I should ever find the prisoner. I found him on the 15th of April, in the Saracen's Head yard, Friday-street; I asked the prisoner to walk with me to an office, and there I gave him in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am guard to the Sheffield coach. On the 9th of March, as I was going across the yard I saw Clark in the coach examining the seats inside of the coach; he came out of the coach and shut the door. He got on the fore-wheel of the coach and opened the boot-lid where he put the luggage in; he turned a few of the parcels over that were at the top, and took out a small parcel, put it under his arm, and went into a bye shed in the yard with it; he turned out of the shed and stood by the side of the coach. I went to him, and said, Clark, I wish you would bring back the parcel that you took out of my boot; he said, he had not taken any parcel. I told him I was certain he had: I saw him take it out of the boot myself; he went into the stable. I went to the shed to look for the parcel; there was an empty chaise with one of the windows open, I found the parcel there, underneath the seat. I gave Mr. 
               Robinson
             the parcel. At that time the prisoner was gone away. I am certain I saw him take the parcel out, and put it under his left arm, and walk to the shed with it. The next day Mr. Robinson met me; he opened the parcel in my presence, in the coach office; the parcel contained a ten-pound bank note, a five-pound bank note, and two five-guinea notes.
Mr. Robinson. I produce a five-guinea note I reserved, and this invoice, containing an account of the parcel.
Prisoner's Defence. What I am accused of is all wrong; if I had committed the robbery why had they not taken me at the time. Where were you Mr. Simpson at the time I did this.
Simpson. I was in the yard.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
