






801. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHERWOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PHIPPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, a gold watch, value 5l. one other watch, value 10s. a gold chain, value 1l. a gold seal, value 10s a gold key, value 5s. a coat, value 1l. six waistcoats, value 1l. five pair of pantaloons, value 2l. twelve linen shirts, value 6l. and one pair of sheets, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  South
               




            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  SOUTH
               



            . I am second mate
 of the West India ship Hayward. After our leaving Jamaica, we found the prisoner Sherwood on board our ship; he had come on board, and concealed himself; he came home with us. I lost my property after we were moored off Blackwall


. About half past twelve on the night of the day in the indictment, we discovered another black man between decks, who was a stranger; he said, he belonged to a ship alongside. The next morning, on our calling all hands on deck, the prisoner Sherwood was absent. My property was then missed from my trunk. I never saw the other prisoner unless he was the man I found between decks, and that, I cannot take upon myself to swear.


                  DAVID 
                  FLEMMING
               



            . I am a watch-maker, and live in Shadwell High-street. On the 6th of this month, Sherwood brought me the two watches, and told me they wanted repairing. I examined them, and told him that the gold one did not want any thing doing to it; I wound it up, and set it to time, and he put it in his pocket. He then asked how much the metal one would come to repairing; I told him fourteen shillings. He then produced four dollar pieces in gold, and wanted change. I told him he had better keep his gold, and pay for the watch when it was done. He told me he was steward of a ship. After some talk, he went away; I can swear to the watch.


                  EMANUEL 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a jew-salesman. I bought the gold watch of the prisoner Phipps; I gave him a suit of clothes and thirty shillings in money for it.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
SHERWOOD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
PHIPPS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
