





395. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of March
, two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Abbot
                        



                     
                  ; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. two caps, value 1 s. two bottles of wine, value 7 s. a bottle of rum, value 5 s. a sheet, value 5 s. and two blankets, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Thiot
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am a merchant
. I live at 15, Bucklersbury


. I lost two neck handkerchiefs from the house that I lodge at, which is Mrs. Thiot's.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MUNDEN
               



            . I am niece to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Thiot
               



            ; she keeps the house, No. 15, Bucklersbury. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  West
               



             was her servant
. On the 25th of March, the prisoner came out of the cellar with two bottles of wine, and one bottle of rum. She had them in a cloth. I asked her what she was going to do with these bottles. She said she did not know what she was going to do with them. When she went up stairs into the kichen I took the bottles from her. My aunt came and asked her where she got them. She said she found them. She went into the cellar, and shewed me the place, from the bottle rack. She said she found them. Then my aunt sent for an officer.
Q. Whose bottles were they - A. Mrs. Thiot's: The officer came, and she was searched. There was found on her one cap and a piece of muslin. She lived with my aunt about five weeks.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  THIOT
               



            . I keep the house. I sent for an officer. He came, and searched the prisoner.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. On Thursday, the 25th of March, I was sent to Mrs. Thiot's house. She stated to me that the servant had robbed her of two bottles of wine and one bottle of rum, and her cap. I searched the prisoner, and found on her two muslin handkerchiefs belonging to Mr. Abbott. I searched her bundle; I found a pair of stockings, stated by Mrs. Thiot to belong to a person that had left her house. I then asked the prisoner where she had been sleeping out on the over night. She said at Mrs. Mosely's, Bird-court, Philip-lane. I then, in company with Branscomb, went to Mrs. Mosely's. I there found a sheet marked in red ink, with Mrs. Thiot's name, a pair of blankets, and another cap sworn to by the prosecutrix, and several other articles belonging to other gentlemen who have left town. These are Mr. Abbott's handkerchiefs.
Mr. Abbott. Then two handkerchiefs are mine.
Mrs. Thiot. The sheets and blankets are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the things out of the house.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MOSELY
               



            . The prisoner came to my room, and brought the sheets and blankets to me herself.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
