





1037. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BLOXHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, twelve pair of spectacles, value 8l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Harris
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harris
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Harris
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am an optician
, in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harris
               



            , residing in Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury


. On the 10th of May, about five o'clock in the evening, I was at tea in the back-parlour next to the shop; I heard some person come in; Aldous got up and went to the window, in consequence of what he said, I went into the shop; I missed twelve pair of spectacles out of a glass-case on the counter; I had not left the shop above ten minutes; Aldous afterwards brought the prisoner back.


                  JOHN 
                  ALDOUS
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Harris. I heard some person. I went into the shop and saw the prisoner there and Mrs. Perring, I asked the prisoner what he wanted? he asked if we wanted an errand-boy, I told him, no; I missed about a dozen pair of spectacles after he was gone; about seven o'clock, I saw him and secured him. I am sure he is the boy; Mrs. Perring did not say anything till after he was gone.


                  ANN 
                  PERRING
               



            . I am housekeeper to Mr. Harris's brother, I live in Hyde-street; I was coming by the window and saw the prisoner in the shop; I went in and saw his hand in a glass-case; I alarmed the house; he went out, nobody stopped him - He had his apron twisted up round him - He asked if they wanted an errand-boy - I went out. I am certain the prisoner is the boy, and that I saw his hand in the case.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you apprehend me at the time - A. Because I did not think he was robbing the shop - I thought he had brought a job in.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to Mr. Harris's, about seven o'clock in the evening, and took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Drury-lane; the boy came to me, and asked me if I knew the spectacle-maker's-shop in Russell-street - I said I did - He took me back, and the woman said it was me.
GUILTY. Aged 15.




               Of stealing, to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
