





163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM BARTHOLOMEW 
                     DIMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of December
, twenty-five penny-pieces, and forty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a master baker
, I live in Brick-lane, Old-street


, the prisoner was my journeyman
.
Q. Did you, on the night of the 27th of December, mark your copper money. - A. I did, and after that I placed it in the till, had locked it; I placed a constable in a room concealed, opposite of the till, and then I, and my wife and family went to bed.
Q. At what time did the prisoner come to work that night. - A. At eleven o'clock; I went to bed at half after, leaving him in the bakehouse.
Q. Is there a communication from the bake-house to your shop, where your till was - A. There is. About half past twelve I was alarmed by the constable, and on coming down, I found the prisoner in custody of the constable, he was searched by the constable in my presence, there were forty half-pence found on him, and twenty-five penny pieces, they were a part of the coin I had marked the preceding evening; the prisoner said he was exceeding sorry, he would never do so again.


                  JOHN 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I was placed in the room, as the last witness has described, I saw the prisoner undo the till, and take something out three times, he put it into his right hand pocket, on his coming out I laid hold of him, I asked him what he had taken out of the till, he said nothing, I called Mr. Wright down; I searched him, and found upon him three shillings and nine-pence in half-pence and penny pieces. These are the penny pieces and halfpence.
Prosecutor. I marked them with a punch, this is the punch. I am quite sure they are mine.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
