






31. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of William Wilkins, about the hour of twelve on the night of the 7th of November

, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein three feather-beds, value 24 l. eight blankets, value 4 l. two counterpanes, value 30 s. a quilt, value 5 s. a carpet, value 1 l. six window-curtains, value 6 l. a bed-curtain, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilkins
                        



. And 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     FIELD
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving on the 8th of November

, a bed, value 8 l. five blankets, value 50 s. a quilt, value 5 s. and a carpet, value 1 l. being part of the goods burglariously stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am a broker
, living in Edward Street, Marybone.
Q. Where was the house in question. A. 37 Upper Berkley Street, Marybone



. I or my man sleep there at nights, to take care of the house; two nights before, I slept there myself. At the time the house was robbed it was empty. On the evening of the 7th, at six o'clock, I was in the house. I secured it.
Q. Were there any furniture in the house belonging to you. A. I rent the house furnished of Major Blundell.
Q. Do you sleep there yourself. A. Sometimes myself, and sometimes my servant, at this time it was empty.
Q. Either you, or some part of your family, were generally sleeping in the house. A. Yes, and I meaned to continue, and have continued it ever since.
Q. On the evening of the 7th, at six o'clock, was it dark. A. No, it was not, it was just upon the eve of dark.
Q. How soon the next morning did you discover that house being robbed. A. Not till ten o'clock the next morning. I repaired to the house, I observed the scutcheon was wrenched off the key-hole of the street door, by which means the lock was picked. There were missing, three feather-beds, eight blankets, two counterpanes, a quilt, three curtains of a four-posts bed, and a Brussells carpet. The drawing room curtain were cut off with a knife, as high as a man could reach, and they were gone. I have seen some of the property since at the watchhouse.
Court. Q. Did any body sleep in your house two nights before. A. No, not for two nights. I was the last person that slept there. I slept there about two nights before, and I intended to sleep there again.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a watchman, my beat is at the Seven-dials. On the morning of the 8th of November, between six and seven o'clock, it was not quite daylight, I met with a man crossing the dials with a bed, he was walking in a great hurry, I stopped him, took him and the bed to the watchhouse.
Q. In short, did the man escape from you afterwards. A. He did.


                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I was the watch-house keeper.
Q. On the morning of the 8th did the last witness bring a bed tied up with a blanket. A. Yes, he brought the bed and the man too, the man gave a description of the neighbourhood where he was going to take it to. I sent two watchmen with him to the place where he said the bed was going to, and from them he escaped. The bed and blanket was afterwards shewn to Mr. Wilkins.
Q. Did you go to a house, No. 10 Shorts Gardens. A. I did, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning. I went there accompanied by Furseman and Roberts. I searched the house from the top to the bottom. In the prisoner Field's apartment, Field the prisoner was there, the door was locked, I found a bed, five blankets, a quilt, and a carpet, under the bed, she was sitting by the side of it.


                  HANNAH 
                  DELANEY
               



            . I live at No. 26 Short's Gardens.
Q. On the morning of the 8th of November last did you see the prisoner. A. I met him in Short's Gardens, between six and seven o'clock, it was rather dark, he had a large bundle, he got into No. 10 with it, he passed close by me, what was in the bundle I could not tell, I knew him by sight before, he is the man, I saw him go into No. 10. I was going for a kettle of water.
Q. Do you know who lives in the house. A. Mrs. Field and her husband lives in the shop. When I came back with the water he was standing at the door, he had not the bundle then, he was talking with a woman at the door. I mentioned this to my husband.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  DELANEY
               



            . Q. Are you the husband of the last witness. - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of information that you received from your wife, did you apprehend the prisoner Robinson. - A. Yes, in two nights after I did, in Drury Lane, I told him I apprehended him concerning the bundle he brought into No. 10 Short's Gardens. I took him to St. Giles's watch-house. At Marlborough Street office, the prisoner owned to every thing.

Q. to Wilkins. Have you examined all the articles carefully. - A. Yes, they are all mine, every thing that is here, they are worth 70 l. altogether.
Q. What are these articles worth. - A. The blankets and two beds are worth at least 10 l. I could not replace them for that. I am certain they are my property.
Robinson's Defence. I was brought innocently into it, I did not know what was in the bundle. I was having a pint of beer in the night at a public house, a young man came in and said my brother wants to see you, I said, what does he want, he said he did not know, go and see. I went up with him, he said he would make a fire, you sit and bear me company a bit, will you fetch me a pot of beer and two pipes of tobacco. I fetched it, up came his brother between 12 and 1 o'clock, we stopped there till half after four, and then we went out. I said, what are you going upon, he said, no matter to you. I thought if it was no harm I would go. We then went into the Edgware Road, and from there we went into Oxford Street, to a public house. They gave me a pint of purl, in came a man, he gave me the bundle, he did not tell me where to take it to.
Field's Defence. On the morning of the 8th of November, I was in bed with my husband, I heard some person call my husband, he spoke to him, and when he came in, he asked him to let him leave a bed for a few hours, he said he was seized upon by his landlord. I did not approve of it, my husband and me had a few words, I was angry with him. He went out to find the man that brought the bed, and the watchman came in and found the things.
ROBINSON 

               GUILTY
            



               DEATH
            , aged 30.
FIELD 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
