





1001. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HYAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Molley
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 2 s. a five-shilling receipt stamp, a two-shilling receipt stamp, three two-penny receipt stamps, a bill of exchange, value 26 l. 10 s. a bill of exchange, value 15 l. 10 s. and a bill of exchange, value 32 l. 8 s. 6 d. his property
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  MOLLEY
               



            . I am a wine merchant
; my accompting-house is in Cannon-street, the corner of Green-lettuce-lane. I do not sleep in the City; I have a house in the Kent-road. I lost the pocketbook on the 29th of September, in Cannon-street


, very near Green-lettuce-lane, between three and four o'clock in the day; I was crossing Abchurch-lane; just as I got upon the pavement on the opposite side, I felt a twitch at my left hand side. I clapped my hand, and missed my pocket-book; I instantly looked round, and saw the prisoner among others near me.
Q. How many - A. Two or three; I could not describe them; a number of persons were passing at the time. The prisoner crossed the way, and went on towards London-stone-church; I kept an eye upon him, and while I was considering whether it was not possible that I might have left the book at Lloyd's coffee-house, he looked round over his shoulder, and mended his pace; I immediately holloaed out stop thief; he was pursued by several persons; he crossed down towards Bush-lane; when I came up to Bush-lane, I found him in possession of two persons; they told me that he threw my pocket-book, down Jefferson and Lewis's area of the warehouse; one of Jeffersons's men shortly after produced it to me.


                  MICHAEL 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I keep an eating-house; I was coming up Cannon-street a little after three o'clock, I met the prisoner running; Molley wascalling stop thief. I took him by the collar. He had the pocket-book in his left hand. I saw him slide it down his thigh, through the bars, into the area of a warehouse, into the cellar. I held him until the pocket-book was brought, and an officer. The prisoner is lame on his hip, or something; he can go pretty quick with his limbs.
NORTHWAY. I took charge of the prisoner, and took him to the Compter.
Prosecutor. This is the pocket-book; the Lord Mayor desired me to take the bills of exchange out of the book. I have the stamp receipts and bills of exchange in my pocket now. They are all mine. They were in this pocket-book when I lost it, and I am sure this book is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I found it fairly. I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
