





225. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TAVERNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, one pair of leather pole-pieces, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Legg
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Masters
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a coach-maker
. I live in Oxford-road


. On Saturday, the 17th, I was informed, while the men were gone to dinner, that the shop was robbed; the prisoner was described to me as the person that robbed the shop. The prisoner came again on the 19th, when the men were gone to dinner. I apprehended him. The pole-pieces were worth ten shillings.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLLIER
               



            . I am a workman to these gentlemen. On Saturday week I was coming from dinner, between the hours of one and two, I observed the prisoner standing in the shop; he had a pair of pole-pieces in his hand; he went out of the back way from the premises. I saw him take the pole-pieces off the steps of the carriage. There was a pair of pole-pieces missing a few minutes afterwards. I saw him on the Monday again. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  OLIVER
               



            . On the 17th, between one and two, I was in the shop at work, the prisoner came into the shop; he said, he wanted a man of the name of Trimming, a smith, he was putting on stays to the springs of a carriage. I went up into the shop and enquired; my master said, there was no such person. I returned to the lower shop, the prisoner was standing there; I told him, there was no such person; he seemed to be in great agitation, and wished to go the back way. I spoke sharp to him, you cannot go that way; he said, this way will do for me the same. In a few minutes afterwards the report came, that the pole-pieces were gone, and a man had been seen to go out of the shop with them. I am certain it is the same man. I knew him when a boy; he is a smith by trade.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAZEL
               



            . I am a harness-maker. On Saturday week I came from my dinner, I saw the prisoner coming out of the back gates with some leather work on his arm. I could not see whether it was pole-pieces or not; he went into a court, and went into Green street with them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
