





658. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GODDARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of June
, four pieces of beech quartering, value 4 s. four pieces of oak scantling, value 10 s. and four oak posts, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a carpenter
 at Hammersmith. I cannot say when I lost the timber. I know it is mine, and it was found on Goddard's premises.


                  GEORGE 
                  TIBBOTT
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor received information from the prisoner Waitman, that his property was at Goddard's premises; I went to Goddard's premises on the 2nd of this month; Mr. Thomas and Oliffe, a parish constable, went with me. We went to Shepherd's-bush; the prisoner lived there; we found thirteen oak posts, six pieces of oak scantling, part of them are here, and two pieces of beech quartering. The prisoner was at home at the time of the search; afterwards he absconded. I found the oak posts and the scantling in the ditch.
Q. What is this man - A. A journeyman carpenter
. The prosecutor lives about a mile from there. The prisoner is building two cottages for himself; they are unfinished at this present time. We seized all the property on the premises which we were suspicious of being stolen, and during that time I saw the prisoner at a distance off in a field. I ran after him, overtook him, and apprehended him. I took him to his house; he asked my permission to put in some long boards that were standing outside of premises; as soon as he had got the last board in he locked the door; I jumped in the window, and ran up stairs after him; he jumped out of the window into the prosecutor's arms; he got away from the prosecutor. I jumped out of the window and ran after him, and secured him. The prisoner then said I will go quiet with you now; I am done.
- OLIFFE. I am the constable. I can only correspond the evidence of Tibbott. We found a quantity of timber under grass, and a parcel of dead branches laid over it. This is part of the oak scantling, and this is a piece of beech quartering; there is a considerable quantity of it.
Prosecutor. I am sure these are all mine; I bought it this time twelvemonth. The pieces of beech are all stamped at the end by the person that I bought it of.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the stuff, and paid for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 57.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
