





123. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, three loaves of bread, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Greig
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GREIG
               



            . I am a baker
, and live on Phoenix-terrace, Back-road, Islington. On the 13th of November, between one and two o'clock, I left my basket opposite Trafalgar-street


, while I went to a customer - on my return I missed three loaves, received information, and followed the prisoner into Moffat-street, and secured him there with the loaves in his arms. I asked him why he stole my bread? he said,
"You are a liar - what is it you want with me, you b - g - r?" He would not return them to me, but took and tore them to pieces - I brought him back. The people came round and said
"You are caught at last!" His mother came up and said,
"Don't let him go, for he has robbed me of every thing" - she begged of me to prosecute him.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the bread out of the basket as I was in the City-road; I knew him and watched him - he saw me watching him, and went and took it out.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw Greig secure the prisoner - he used bad language. A gang of young thieves came round, and wanted to rescue him. His mother came up and said,
"Don't let him go; he robs me daily and hourly." He said he would not go to the office without an officer; one came by, and took him.
Prisoner's Defence. My mother turned me out of doors; I had eat nothing for two days. She has no regard for me, and what was I to do?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
