





85. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, two trusses of hay, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Ashton
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  ASHTON
               



            . Q. I believe you have some land by Bagnigge Wells


 - A. Yes, the prisoner was my horse-keeper
, he had the care of my yard; we have missed a good deal of hay.


                  ROBERT 
                  HILL
               



            . I was in Grays Inn lane on the morning of the 15th of November. I saw the prisoner pass on the opposite side of the way with something bulky; it was two trusses of hay tied together with a rope.

Q. Did you see where he came from - A. No. I asked him where he was going to take that hay to; he told me, to his master in Portpool-lane. I asked him where he had brought it from; he told me, a little way down Grays Inn lane; he was coming as if from Mr. Ashton's; he observed to me that the watchman, whose beat it was in, knew that it was all right. By this time the watchman came up, his name is Lawrence. I said, Lawrence, what do you know of this hay? He said he believed it was all right; the man goes by here every morning with a couple of trusses, and has done so some time. I asked him what reason he had to suppose it was all right? He told me that he had been appointed on that beat five months, and he not thinking it was quite right, he stopped the prisoner. The prisoner told him the same story as he did me; that the prisoner said to him, as you dispute the hay, I will put it down, and I will go and get a person to prove it. With that Lawrence said he went away, and said I will get a person to prove it. He brought a person that said, watchman, it is all right, and therefore Lawrence said upon this occasion it is all right. I said, I don't think it is all right. I told the prisoner to go on. I saw a watchman going along; I told him to follow me. I saw the prisoner go down White-horse yard; he took a key from his pocket, and unlocked a padlock, and rolled the hay in; he shut the door, and locked it up again. I was with him all the time. I told him I was not satisfied about the hay; he must give me something more satisfactory than what he had told me. I asked the prisoner what his master's name was? he said, that was not altogether his master where he had put the hay; he said he worked there occasionally for this man, his name was Hughes; he said he worked for Mr. Ashton at that time. I did not know who Mr. Ashton was. I asked him whether he got the hay from Mr. Ashton; he said he did not, he had it at a corn chandler's shop. the corner of Little James-street, going into Grays Inn lane. I asked him if he meaned to say he got it at the corn chandler's at that time in the morning; he said yes, Sir, I bid the watchman see that nobody took the hay out of the place, while I went to the corn chandler's to know whether any body had hay there at that time in the morning. I went and found no hay had been sold there. I returned immediately. When I came to the place the watchman was there with the hay, but the prisoner was gone. I called Lawrence to stay while I went up to the watch-house to know whether I was empowered to take the man that had received the hay, and while I was gone Lawrence had apprehended the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Ashton. I found this hay. I knew the hay by the hands and the tying up, and the bandage of the hay; it is hay from Mr. Ashton's farm; the two trusses are worth 6 s.
Prisoner's Defence. On Monday morning Mr. Hughes asked me to lend him two trusses of hay until Tuesday morning, when he went to market he would bring them back again.
Q. Did you ask your master whether he had any objection - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
