






265. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                     TILLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, four handkerchiefs, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                     Pile
                  




               
            .


                  SUSANNAH
                  PILE
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  William
                  Pile
               



            . I keep a linen draper's shop at Somer's town. On the 6th of December these two boys came into my shop; they told me they wanted to look at some handkerchiefs; they were not so well dressed then as they are now. Tilley pointed to a particular sort of handkerchief: I got up in a chair to reach it down; that handkerchief was above my reach, and when I got down off the chair, he ran out of the shop. Jones staid in the shop; I said to Jones, the other boy has got something that he ought not to have. He replied he was not that kind of a boy; I said, what could he run out of the shop in that ridiculous manner for. He said that was the nature of him; and while I was standing looking at the door, 
               Johnson
             the officer brought the other boy back, until the officer brought him back I did not know that I had missed any handkerchiefs. The officer searched them, and found two handkerchiefs on each of them.
BENJAMIN JOHNSON. On the 6th of December I was at the Seven Dials were a gang of these boys meet and set off from there; I followed Tilley and Jones to Tower-street, Sommer's town; Tilley took off his apron, and Jones put it on him. I knew them, they were going to do what they call work. I saw them both go into Mrs. Pile's shop; and, as Tilley come out, he was tucking something up under his waistcoat. I stopped him; he asked my pardon, he knew me well. I took him into the shop; I searched them, and found two handkerchiefs on each of them; these are the handkerchiefs. They had no money about them, not a farthing.
Prosecutrix. They are my handkerchiefs, the are worth a shilling each.
TILLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
