






313. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealins, on the 17th of February
, five yards of muslin, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert James 
                     Shields
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  JAMES SHIELDS
               



            . I am a linen-draper
. in Barbican


. On Wednesday evening last, about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening, the two prisoners came into my shop together; they asked for some sprigged muslin. I shewed them some muslins myself; at the same time I was shewing another customer some handkerchiefs. I left the customer to shew them the muslin, and while I turned round to fell the price of the handkerchief, Jones took the muslin. I missed the muslin in about five minutes after.
Q. What was the quantity of that piece of muslin that was missed - A. Five yards. That was sprigged muslin. I asked them six shillings a yard for it. Jones went out of the shop, telling Williams that they were cheap.
Q. Had you perceived that any muslin was missing before Jones got out of the shop - A. Mrs. Barker told me Jones had got a piece of muslin, and had taken it away, but I did not miss it myself. By that time Williams was going out. I saw Williams go out. I followed her. I stopped Williams, and brought her back. I told her she might have the muslin. I then asked her who the other woman was. She said she did not know the other woman. I told her I must detain her until I got the other woman. In about half an hour, Jones came in again. She asked Williams what was the reason that she staid. She said she had heard that Williams was kept a prisoner. I sent for an officer. They were both searched, and nothing but money was found upon either of them. I have never seen the muslin since.


                  SARAH 
                  BARKER
               



            . I live at No. 2, Ironmonger-row, Old-street. On the 17th of February, I was in Mr. Shields' shop; I was bargaining for a coloured handkerchief. I saw the two prisoners come in together. Mr. Shilds leaving me and serving them, made me look at them more than what I should have done. They looked at several pieces of muslin; they did not like any on the counter. Mr. Shields turned round to get some more muslin to shew them. I saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones
               



             draw a piece of muslin from off the counter and put it under her gown. She then said to Williams, take that piece of muslin, it is cheaper than the others. I immediately called out, and said, that woman has taken a piece of muslin off the counter. Mr. Shields followed her, and could not find her. Williams continued in the shop a little time, and said she did not know her. I said to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Williams
               



            , how can you say that, you came in together. She immediately said, do not be too hard. When Jones came back she said to Williams, d - n you, you bitch, what keeps you so long, to make me come after you. Williams said, I am here for a piece of muslin that you have taken; this woman says you have taken it. Jones said, search me then, if you think I have got any thing. I said, it is not a time to search you, when you have been out of the shop, and may have got rid of it. She put herself in a posture to strike me. I am certain I saw her take the muslin.



                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the two prisoners. I found nothing on them but money.
Williams said nothing in her defence.
Jones's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
