





565. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, one table-cloth, value 3 s.; one pinafore, value 6 d., and one salt-cellar, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Norman
                        



                     
                  ; two caps, value 2 s.; one gown, value 2 s.; six aprons, value 2 s.; one petticoat, value 2 s., and two shawls, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Caroline 
                     Edmead
                  



               
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  EDMEAD
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Norman
               



            , who lives in Broad-court, Long-acre


 - he is a performer at Covent-garden Theatre
. On the 10th of March, about five o'clock in the afternoon, the street-door was left open. I went up stairs, and as I came down I found the prisoner in the yard, and a woman secreted behind the kitchen-door. I called out - she told me not to be frightened, for she came for Mrs. Williams; no such person lived there, I found the articles stated in the indictment tied in a bundle, and on the floor. She denied having touched them - they were both secured.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I keep the house. I secured the prisoner in the passage coming from the yard. Soon after I saw the woman coming up stairs - she said she came for Mrs. Williams, a dress-maker.


                  EMANUEL 
                  EMANUEL
               



            . I was at Norman's, in the dining-room. Hearing a noise below I went down, and saw the prisoner and a woman - I minded the door, while Norman went for a constable; the prisoner came to the door, and tried to escape. I found the bundle on the floor, and the clean and dirty linen thrown together. The prisoner said,
"I don't care, you cannot lag us this time, you found nothing on us."


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            , I am an officer. I went to the prosecutor's house. Edmead said two thieves were in the house. I found the prisoner in the yard, and the woman on the stairs - he knew me. I found a remnant of silk in the crown of his hat. He said to the woman,
"They can't hurt us. for they found nothing on us - Mr. Lack, you won't lag (transport) us this time."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the yard for a necessary purpose.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
