






814. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     STEEDMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        Noah 
                        Perfett
                     




                  , a purse value 1 s. five guineas, a five pound bank note, and four one pound bank notes his property
            .


                  NOAH 
                  PERFETT
               



            . On the 26th of September, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I was in Fleet Street on my return home to the Spread Eagle in Gracechurch Street, I was accosted by the two prisoners, mostly by Steadman, they asked me if I would give them something to drink, I told them I had no change, Steadman said look Sir, I dare say you have and attempted to attack my pocket, they walked on. the followed me shortly after, Barnes left the other, I walked on to St. Paul's Church Yard


, I there made a stop and told Steadman that she was only losing her time, I should not have any thing to do with her. While talking I considered I felt her hand in my pocket, I put my hand down, she took her hand away, at this time 
               
                  Mary 
                  Barnes
               



             passed again, I then said to Steadman you have picked my pocket, she handled me in some way so as to pick my pocket, I caught her by the arm and put my hand in my pocket and found my purse wascalled the watchman, he came, I requested he would light about where she stood, to see if she had dropped it, he did so, but nothing was found. He took hold of one of her, hands and I the other, we led her to the watch-house, he searched her but found nothing on her. I was asked if another woman had not passed or been with her, I said there was, the watchman desired me to wait a bit, he would go in search, he expected she would be waiting about the door. The watchman went out, he shortly after returned with the prisoner Barnes, who immediately recognised to be the same person that was in company with the prisoner Steadman, the watchman searched her, found two guineas and a one pound note which she had dropped, I told the watchman I had lost nine pounds in bank notes and five guineas, the watchman went and searched the place where he had taken this woman and brought back a purse with eight pound and three guineas in it which I knew to be my property.
Q. Are you sure that Barnes is the woman who was in company with Steadman. - A. I am positive. It must be Steadman that took it out of my pocket.


                  CHARLES 
                  DONNOVAN
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Paul's, in the morning of the 26th of September about five minutes before four o'clock I observed the prosecutor passing and a young woman with him, they walked quietly together, I took particular notice of him he had a whip in his hand, I thought him to be a country gentleman, after he passed me I saw a woman passing by, I asked her whether the gentleman and woman belonged to her, she said no.
Q. Is that the woman. - A. I cannot directly swear to her face, I went into the watch-house and turned out the relief and proceeded on my walk At the chapter house I met the prosecutor and Steadman together, he had hold of her left wrist, he said this woman has robbed me, watchman shew me a light, I looked round for his property, there was none to be found there. I asked him if he had seen another woman in company with her, he said yes, I took the prisoner Steadman to the watch-house, I did not see her searched, I described the other woman by her dress as near as I could, the patrol went out and brought Barnes in.


                  JOHN 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . Donnovan and Mr. Perfett brought Steadman in the watch-house, I searched her, nothing was found on her, he said another woman was in company with her, I asked the description of the woman and sent one of the watchmen and the patrol to find the woman. Trusty brought Barnes in, when he brought her to a little passage by the watch-house she made a stand, he holloaed out to me, I went and laid hold of her by the wrist and he by the other hand, I then said you must either deliver up the property or be searched, in taking her coat off out dropped two guineas and a one pound note, that is all she had about her.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRUSTY
               



            . I am a patrol, I was at the watch-house and had a description of the other woman, I went out and took hold of Barnes, she answered the description, I brought her to the watch-house.
Q. Where did you find her - A. At the corner of St. Paul's Church Yard, of the Tobits side, I took hold of her she said I had no business with her, I got her to the watch-house passage, there she made a stop, I called out to my partner, he came, and then she came easy. We searched her, there were two guineas and a one pound note dropped from her person, I took a candle and lanthorn and went over the ground where I had taken her, when I came to the corner of the passage where the struggle was, I there found this purse containing eight pounds in notes and three guineas. The gentleman wanted the purse and the money, I said no, you must not think of that before we go before the Alderman, the money that I found in it the Alderman gave to the gentleman, and gave me the purse. This is the purse.
Prosecutor. I am positive it is my purse, I lost nine bank notes and five guineas, the whole that was found made it the complete sum.
Steadman's defence. I am innocent of the charge the gentleman accuses me with. I never knew any thing of it.
Barnes said nothing in her defence.
STEADMAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.
BARNES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before, Mr. Recorder.
