





43. 
               
                  
                     LORENZO 
                     NETTERVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, one coat, value 30 s.; three shirts, value 9 s.; nine cravats, value 4 s.; four waistcoats, value 10 s., and one pair of breeches value 2 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Chamier
                        



                     
                  , Esq
.; and one shirt, value 2 s.; one pair of stockings, value 6 d.; one pair of drawers, value 2 s.; one waistcoat, value 3 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Chamier
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. in his dwelling-house.
            



                  HENRY 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Chamier
               



            , Esq. who lives in Grosvenor-place


. The prisoner was employed as a journeyman to paint the house
; he left on the 19th of October. On the 31st we missed the property stated in the indictment. My master's were kept in the drawers on the third floor, the others were in a closet on the ground floor. I do not know when they were taken. On my missing them I went to Mr. Eagan the prisoner's master, and informed him that I suspected the prisoner, and in consequence of what he told me, I had the prisoner apprehended that day, and found two shirts on his back, which were Mr. F. Chamier's; also a cravat, a pair of stockings, and a pair of drawers, which were my master's. We found three or four duplicates on him, which he said were for part of the property stolen, and told us where they were pledged. Some of the things were pledged at Bath; he said he had been there.


                  MARY 
                  EAGAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Eagan
               



            . The prisoner slept at our house. On the 31st of October, I went into his room and took a cravat out of his coat pocket while he was asleep, which the prosecutor claimed. The officer afterward took him.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. I apprehended the prisoner at a public-house, in the Haymarket, I found two shirts on his back, a cravat and two duplicates in his pocket, relating to the property - one was for the articles pledged at Rochford's, and the other was for a great coat pledged at Bath - he said they were the prosecutor's property, and he pledged it there.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rochford, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in St. James's-street. On the 27th of October, the prisoner pledged a coat, seven handkerchiefs, seven pair of hose, a pair of breeches, and two shirts, for 1 l. 5 s., in the name of Kelly.



                  HANNAH 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am Mr. Chamier's servant. I saw the property safe on the 11th of October. All the men had left then, except the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a man in the street for 3 l. 14 s.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
