





50 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of October
, a trunk, value 1 l. ten shirts, value 2 l. six pair of silk stockings, value 3 l. two waistcoats, value 10 s. a pair of buckskin breeches, value 1 l. six cravats, value 1 l. 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hern
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am porter to the Brighton coach; it inns at the White Bear, Piccadilly.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  William 
                  Hern
               



             - A. Yes, he is my master, he is sole proprietor of the Brighton coach
.
Q, Do you know whether that trunk was lost from that coach on the 25th of October - Q. I was on the coach-box with the coachman for the purpose of taking care of the luggage; and as we were coming along St Paul's Church-yard


, the trunk was on the roof of the coach between two irons, and a strap over it. I cannot say whether the strap was fastened or not; the trunk being between, the two irons would keep it from tumbling off the roof. I saw the prisoner upon the rumble-tumble as we call it; I cast my head round, and saw him with the trunk, I am positive he was not a passenger in the coach; we had set the two last outside passengers down at the Cross Keys, in Wood-street. I cast my head round, I saw the prisoner behind the coach; he had got hold of the trunk; he lifted it from the two irons; he was pulling it down; he had got it from the irons; it was slanting on the roof crossways upon the roof, and when it was fixed it was lengthways; and when the prisoner got hold of it it was crossways. I told the coachman to stop, there was a thief behind the coach. As soon as I said that, the prisoner jumped down, and I jumped after him; 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Barker
               



             saw him jump down; he pursued him, I fell down in jumping down; it was not a minute before I saw the prisoner in hold. I knew him to be the same man I had seen jump down. I asked him what business he had there? He said he got up to take a ride to Piccadilly. I asked him if he made it a rule to take a trunk? He was asked a second time; he then said, he got up to go with the coachman to Brighton. The trunk is here; it contained the articles mentioned in the indictment. The trunk belonged to 
               
                  William 
                  Lewis
               



            ; 
               
                  William 
                  Hern
               



             is the sole proprietor of this coach.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am a porter; I was in St. Paul's Church-yard, I saw the prisoner jump off the coach. I and Clark jumped after him, Clark called out stop thief; I pursued the prisoner; the lamps were lighted; I never lost sight of the person who jumped off the coach, until Mr. Elliott stopped him. I saw him stopped, he was taken to the watchhouse; I am quite sure that the man who I saw stopped was the man who jumped off the coach. I never lost sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a grocer; on Tuesday the 26th of October last, a little after six in the evening, I was in my accompting-house in Old Fish-street-hill, Doctor's Commons, it faces the Old Change. I heard a vehement cry of stop thief. I ran to my door, I saw the prisoner running violently, and Barker running after him. I stopped him, and when I had got hold of him Clark came up, and charged him with robbing the Brighton coach in St. Paul's-churchyard, The prisoner said he had done nothing; he then said he had got up to take a ride to Piccadilly.
Prisoner's Defence. All I have to say against this charge, I was passing through St. Paul's-churchyard to go to Richmond. I saw the Brighton coach go along, which goss to Piccadilly; the trunk was on the top; it was not moved by me; it was placed as Clark has stated he turned round and accused me of attempting to take it away. My intention was never attempting to steal. I got on the coach without asking the coachman leave to be sure; the trunk was never moved by me.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
