





376. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of February
, two shirts, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 7 s. and one pair of stockings, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jarvis 
                     Warwick
                  




               
            ,


                  JARVIS 
                  WARWICK
               



            . I was a soldier, discharged from the 32nd regiment
; I was going home to my friends in Staffordshire.
Q. Where did you lose your property - A. In George-street; I lost my property out of a cook's shop: I came in, and paid for my lodging, and put my bundle and stick on the table in the lower room going in; it was about half past eleven o'clock, it is better than a fortnight age; I paid for my lodging, put my bundle and stick on the table, and sat by the fire to warm myself; a man came in, and called for a pot of beer in the same room; the landlord said he did not sell strong beer; the prisoner took my bundle and stick, and ran away with it.
Q. Did you see the prisoner after he was taken - A. Yes, in the watchhouse; the prisoner is the same man that took the bundle.
- M'CARTHY. The prosecutor came into my house for a lodging; he put his bundle on the table; a man came in, called for some beer; the man took the prosecutor's bundle off the table, and ran away with it; I ran after him, and called stop thief; the watchman took him in Compton-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought into the watchhouse that night in custody of the watchman, charged with taking this bundle. I produce it.
Prosecutor. This is my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
