





63. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July, in the 43d year of his Majesty's reign
, - one frock, value 2s.; two petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; one shirt, value 6d.; and one pair of shoes, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Waters
               




            , widow
, now Hannah Verlin, widow.


                  HANNAH 
                  VERLIN
               



            . About thirteen or fourteen years ago the prisoner lodged with me. I then lived in Green-yard, East Smithfield


. I sent her away. My name was then Waters. On the 18th of July I gave her a night's lodging. She slept with my child Mary, and the witness Ford. I went out early the next morning; the prisoner and my child was in bed when I went out. When I returned, which was about nine o'clock, she was gone, and so was my child, with its clothes. I have not seen her since, till about three weeks ago; I then met her in Shadwell; she had two children with her; she looked as if she was in the habit of begging. I asked her where my child was; she changed colour, and looked very much confused; and said, I have not seen little 
               
                  Mary 
                  Waters
               



             since I left your house. I told her if she would say what she had done with her, I would forgive her. I said nothing to her about the clothes.
Prisoner. Have you never seen me within the last fourteen years in the Borough-A. No; I never did.
Q. Could nobody have taken the child but me-A. I never saw the child or the clothes after.
CATHERINE FORD. I remember the prisoner being at the last witness's house about fourteen years ago. I lodged there. I slept with the prisoner and the child. When I got up I dressed the child, all but its shoes, before the prisoner came down. When the prisoner came down the child was out; it was taken out by an old lady, who was in the habit of taking it out. She has been dead about six weeks; her name was Bennett. When the prisoner came down she asked for the child. I told her Mrs. Bennett had taken her out. The prisoner asked me why I let her go, as she wanted to take her a walk. The prisoner took hold of the child's shoes, and went out, saying, she would go and seek her. I told her where she was gone. The old lady came back in about an hour without the child. The prisoner did not return nor the child, or the clothes. She had a black frock, two petticoats, and a shift on; the shoes were never brought back again.
Prisoner. Have you not seen me for these thirteen years-A. Never; until I saw you at Shadwell Office.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal the clothes or the child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
