





457. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     MOREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April


, a sheet, value 3 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. and a shawl, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Duggen
                  




               
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  DUGGEN
               



            . I live in Golden-lane


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me between four and five months, she left me ten week ago yesterday
Q. After she had left your service did you miss any thing - A. I missed many things before she went away.
Q. I suppose you have some of the things here have not you - A. Some of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WITWORTH
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Gascoyne, pawnbroker, 104, White-Cross street. On the 6th of January the prisoner came to our shop and pledged a sheet for three shillings, this is the sheet.
Prosecutrix. It is my sheet; the prisoner lived with me in January last. I missed a sheet before she went away.


                  THOMAS 
                  DUTTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Crouch, pawnbroker, in Fore-street. I produce a shawl, I took it in pledge on the 28th of March, of one of the witnesses that is here of the name of Duffy.


                  MARGARET 
                  DUFFY
               



            . The prisoner when she left the service of the prosecutrix, she came to live with me; then in the course of eight or nine days after she was short of money, she told me to pawn a shawl and a gown. I pawned them at Mr. Crouch's, and brought the money to her.
Prosecutrix. The shawl is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shawl with the money I got for my Christmas box, I bought the sheet in Brick-lane, for four shillings and sixpence, I thought as I had not a box to put it in, it was safer to put it in pawn; she never missed a sheet until after my duplicates were found. The constable took all my duplicates from me. My mistress never missed a sheet.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
