





1281. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, one time-piece, value 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John Farrand 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FARRAND
               



             CLARKE. I am a watch-maker
, and live in Bethnal-green-road


. On the 2d of September, about one o'clock, I was down stairs in the kitchen, I called my brother down to dinner - He left the shop door open. When he went up he gave the alarm; I missed the time-piece, ran out, and saw the prisoner running across the fields. Pitt took him.


                  JAMES 
                  BASHAM
               



            . I live near the prosecutor's house. I met the prisoner running in the field with another man; he had something under his coat; he said to his companion, "Here it is." The other said, "Come along." He was taken in a few minutes, and said that he found it in the field-that a man in a fustian jacket had dropped it-his companion had a fustian jacket on. There was no other person in the field.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I pursued the prisoner, and took him. In the pursuit I saw one of them drop the time-piece. I picked it up.


                  CHARLES 
                  PITT
               



            . I saw the prisoner running, stopped him, and charged him with stealing the time-piece - He denied it.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGGERS
               



            . I saw the prisoner running with the time-piece under his coat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
