






676. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 80 lbs. of leads, value 10s., belonging to 
                     
                        William 
                        Stocker
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOCKER
               



            . I keep the World's End, public-house, at Stepney




, where the lead was taken from-it belongs to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am watchman of Kingsland crescent. On the 16th of March, about six o'clock, I saw the prisoners, with another boy, go down the crescent - I suspected them; they had nothing with them then. I saw them return at seven o'clock-both of them were loaded with lead. I followed them to Poplar, and took Barrett with the lead upon him. They went to Mr. Edwards's shop at Poplar. Newman, and the other boy, dropped their load there - They ran through the house, and got away. Another person took Newman. I am sure they are the boys.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were given into my charge, with the lead. I found a knife on Newman, completely choaked with cinder-dust-the lead was also covered with ashes.


                  ROBERT 
                  NIXON
               



            . I followed the three boys, with Brown-two of them went down Bath-street, through Edwards' house; I followed them, but lost them just behind the garden-wall. I found the lead in Edwards' coal-holeNewman was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a plumber. I was up stairs-hearing my dog bark I went down. The lead was found in my closet. I knew nothing of it.


                  DANIEL 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 16th of March, I saw the two prisoners, and another boy, come out of James's-street by Edwards' house; I then lost them.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURCHELL
               



            . On the 16th of March the prisoners were brought to the office for stealing the lead. hearing that it had been buried under some ashes, I went to a brickfield, and found a large piece under the ashes, which fitted to the other pieces. I fitted the whole to the premises, and it corresponded.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  AYRES
               



            . I saw the prisoners, and another boy, pass me, with heavy loads, about seven o'clock. I followed them to Edward's. I am sure they are the boys.
BARRETT'S Defence. We found the lead.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BARRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
