





148. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, one shawl, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Hartshorn
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HARTSHORN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Hartshorn
               



            , who is a milkman
. On Friday, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, the prisoner came in with another boy to the front parlour; one of them put his hand to the window and called to the other; they opened the door and came in. The prisoner asked for a halfpennyworth of milk. He threw down the halfpenny with violence - it fell on the floor. He said it was fallen down. I said
"Pick it up." He pretended to look for it, and said he could not find it, and told me to pick it up. He asked the other boy if he had a halfpenny? He said he had not. He told the other to look for it - he found it, and said,
"Give me the milk." While I was serving him I kept my eye upon them, and before he had drank the milk my shawl and the other boy were gone. I seized the prisoner directly.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge. I searched him with great trouble, and found three halfpence on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DULWICH
               



            . I was standing at the door and saw the two boys walking and talking. The other boy looked through the window and called the prisoner. Both went in; soon after, the other ran out with the shawl. I had not the presence of mind to follow him. He tucked the shawl under his coat. They were in conversation together before they went in.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in for a halfpenny-worth of milk - the halfpenny fell out of my hand - I stooped to pick it up; the woman said I took the shawl.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
