





95. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, two looking-glasses, value 1l. one cane, value 5s. one dressing-case, value 2s. three gowns, value 4s. one petticoat, value 2s. and one shirt, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Barnet
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PAGET O'SHAUGHNESSY
               



            . On the 5th of December, I was in Half Moon-street, at the time of the fire. I saw Mr. Topliss with a hold of the prisoner by the collar, and calling out for a constable; it was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I desired him to halloo out, and he would soon get a constable; at last he got a patrole, and I went with him to the watchhouse, to give the charge.


                  JAMAS 
                  TOPLISS
               



            . I am surveyor to the Sun Fire office. I was coming from Bagshot on the evening of the 5th of December, and alighted at the White Horse Cellar, as I heard there was a fire in Half Moon-street. I observed the prisoner with two glasses, and asked him where he got them, and he said, from one of the houses in Half Moon-street. I followed him, and he tried very much to evade me, and got into the crowd again. At last I got him out, and took him into a pastry cook's shop, until I could procure a constable to take him into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable of the night, and found the rest of the property upon the prisoner, besides two looking-glasses.


                  SUSAN 
                  PLUMRIDGE
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Jane 
                  Burnet
               



            , and have been in the habit of having this property in my hands. I know it to be my mistres's.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
