





605. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HEWITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
, a watch, value 35 s. a chain, value 2 s. a seal, value 1 s. and a key, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Salisbury
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SALISBURY
               



            . I live at Hoxton; I am an excise watchman
. On the 28th of April, at six o'clock in the evening, I was in Bishopsgate-street, between Skinner-street and Primrose-street


, I lost my watch; I was going home; I had been on duty at the Custom House; I was as sober as I am at this minute. The prisoner met me, and looked me full in the face; and snatched at my watch; I missed it, turned round, and cried out, stop thief; he turned up Skinner-street; when I got to the corner of Skinner-street, the prisoner was not in my sight; he had gone through a public-house in Skinner-street; I pursued after him; I found the constable had got hold of him. I saw my watch afterwards in the hands of the constable. I am quite sure the prisoner is the man who snatched at my watch; the prisoner was a stranger to me; the watch is worth thirty shillings.


                  JAMES 
                  POOL
               



            . I saw the prisoner running up Skinner-street; I heard the prosecutor call out, stop thief. I saw the prisoner ran up Skinner-street, I saw him go through a public-house, and then I saw him come down a court, and came out into Bishopsgate-streetagain; I saw him chuck the watch away, and I picked it up, and then the constable had hold of him. I gave the watch I picked up to the constable. I had seen the prisoner once or twice before; I am quite certain he is the man I saw running, and who threw away the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  WATMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the cry of stop thief; I pursued the prisoner, and stopped him. The watch was given me by Pool; Salisbury claimed the watch; I have kept it ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running along Shoreditch; I went into this public-house, and came out in this passage where the constable laid hold of me, and I was charged with stealing a watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
