





92. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     SANDYFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Knight
                        




                     
                  , five 1 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am clerk to my father, who is a solicitor
, and lives at Kensington. On the 7th of November I met the prisoner in Piccadilly


. She asked me to go home with her, but I refused. She asked for some drink - we walked about twenty yards together, and turned down a street. I had five 1 l. notes in my left hand breeches pocket, on which side she was. I stopped in the street with her, and gave her 6 d. I then left her.
Q. Did any familiarity pass between you - A. No. She put her hand to my waistcoat pocket, and said I might as well give her a 1 s. I left her, suspecting nothing. I was going to sleep at the Hummums that night. When I got to the corner of Bond-street, I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my notes; this was on Saturday. I found her at Queen-square on Tuesday. I had described her to the watchman that night. I have since seen my notes, and know four of them which are marked. I am positive she is the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody on the Monday, at her lodgings, in Duck-lane, Westminster, and asked her if she was not in Piccadilly on Saturday night. She said she was. I asked her for the 5 l. note she had taken from the gentleman. I understood it was a 5 l. note. She said she knew nothing of it. I made her get up, and I left the room. When she was dressed, I went in, and searched the room, but could find nothing. I took her and her mother to the office. I then said I was not satisfied. I took the key of the room from the mother, returned and searched again, - as I came out, I observed the screw of the lock to be loose. The lock fell off when I touched it, and I found the four 1 l. notes in it, wrapped in a silk handkerchief. I went to the office and told her I had found the notes. The mother then said, in her presence, that she had changed a 1 l. note at Hill's. I went there with the others. It was produced to me, and the prosecutor claimed it. It is not here. I have the other four.


                  EDWARD 
                  KNIGHT
               



             re-examined. I know one by the name of Arnold, and the other has Bellamy on it. I believe the other two are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in company with two gentlemen, that night, the prosecutor, may be one of them. I found the notes on the ground, in Piccadilly, and my mother being in the habit of drinking, I concealed them in the lock from her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
