





545. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
, six yards and a half of stocking piece. value 1 l. 17 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Grove
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HENRY 
                  GROVE
               



            . I keep a piece-broker's shop
 in St. Martin's-lane


. On the 30th of June, about ten in the evening, the prisoner and another woman came into my shop. I was not in the shop at the time they came in, my wife was. When I came into the shop I observed two women in the shop with my wife. My wife asked me if I had any change, I said, I had not; she went out for change of a dollar. While she was gone the prisoner and the other woman and myself were in the shop. The prisoner tapped the other woman on the shoulder, and said, I had better go and tell your husband that we are waiting for change. As soon as she spoke my wife came in and gave the prisoner the change, I believe it was 3 s. 7 d. then the prisoner and the other woman went out together; the moment they were gone I missed the piece of stocking out of the window.
Q. How lately had you seen it before that - A. I had seen it between three and four in the afternoon; it stood in the window near against the prisoner and the other woman's back were they were standing. I went out of my shop; I saw the prisoner about ten yards from the door; I laid hold of her; the other woman was before, and immediately upon my laying hold of the prisoner I saw her drop the piece of stocking from under her apron; I saw it fall and unroll as she walked along; I picked it up and brought it in, together with the prisoner. It was my stocking piece, it is about six yards and a half, it had my mark upon it, and worth about thirty-seven shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. He never saw me drop it. I never had it. I was washing and ironing for a woman, it amounted to six shillings; she came in and asked for the linen; he said she could not pay me without I went with her to Mr. Grove to sell some silk ferris to get change. I waited for her till such time she went out of the shop, and when we came out she ran away. I have never seen her since.
GUILTY, aged 59.




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
