





623. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TURBETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the 12th of April
, on 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  , and taking from her person and against her will, a cotton shawl, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Evans
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EVANS
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Evans
               



            . I lost my shawl on the 12th of last April, before eight o'clock, at night; I was going into a chandler's shop, in Saffron-street, a man came behind me, rather pushed me; I felt him; I turned round, the man was running, with my shawl in his hand; the shawl was thrown over my shoulders. I saw him pulling it off; I never lost sight of him, or the shawl; when he came to the corner of Saffron-street, I saw him throw it down; I picked it up; a young man stopped the prisoner; it was the prisoner at the bar, who took my shawl; I saw enough of his face to know him again. Barnley, the officer, has the shawl.
Prisoner. Q. Was not your husband in the street - A. No. Mr. Barnley took the prisoner to my house; he was not intoxicated.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I was in Peter-street; I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran till I came into Saffron-street; I saw the prisoner throw something down at the corner; he fell down; I catched hold of him; the woman picked up the shawl, and handed it to me; she said, that was the shawl he had robbed her off.
Q. Did you know this lad before - A. Yes; I cannot say any thing about him.
Prosecutrix. This is the shawl, it is mine; the value of it is about five shillings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc
