






238. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM STEPHEN 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was in- indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of January

, seven yards of linen, value 7 s. and fifteen shirts, value 3 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Deyhin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Deyhin
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LUCAS
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the same goods, he knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DEYHIN
               



            . I am an army clothier

; my brother Ambrose is my partner. The prisoner, Burton, has lived with me about seven years. We missed a large quantity of shirts on the 3d. of January. I spoke to Burton on the subject of our less; he said he knew nothing of our loss. On the Saturday before the 19th; I had our porter taken up, and when I had the porter apprehended then Burton acknowledged he had taken them. He said he was very sorry; he had stolen about fourteen dozen; that Lucas brought him into it.
Q. What were these shirts worth a piece - A.Seven shillings a piece.
Q. Was Lucas present when he said this - A. Yes. He said Lucas had given him three pounds for them. Lucas said he had given nine pounds for them. Amsden then took the prisoners into custody. He was there when this was said.


                  THOMAS 
                  AMSDEN
               



            . I am an officer. I was present when this conversation took place I have heard what Mr. Deyhin has said; it is true; it all passed.
Burton's Defence. With sorrow and contrition I plead guilty of this charge, and throw myself on the mercy of the court, praying they will take my tender age into consideration. The artful seduction of my fellow prisoner led me into this.
Lucas said nothing in his defence.
BURTON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Confined 6 months in the house of correction
            , 



               fined 1 s.
            

LUCAS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dampier.
