





543. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, a wrapper, value 2 s. thirty-six yards of quilting, value 3 l. twelve handkerchiefs, value 2 l. 10 s. thirty-six pair of stockings, value 3 l. thirty-eight yards of callico, value 3 l. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bly
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT. For stealing like property, the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bly
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am warehouseman
 in Maiden Lane, Wood-street. On the 14th of April, I packed up the articles, and gave the parcel to my nephew to carry to Mr. Hooper Cock-hill, Ratcliffe.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLY
               



            . I took the parcel to Ratcliffe Highway


, and put it on the pitching-block; I put my arm on the pitching-block, and kept looking into a window on the opposite side of the way; and when I looked for my bundle, it was gone, I went into Rosemary-lane, I asked Mr. Moses if he had seen a man with a bundle; he took me up White's-yard Rosemary-lane; I saw the prisoner smoaking his pipe at the window, Mr. Moses told him to come down, and to give me the goods, he said he had not got them, Moses said you have them, he took me up stairs into the prisoner's room, gave me the goods and took the prisoner to the office; these are the goods, they are all here, except the three dozen of stockings.
MR. MOSES. On the 4th of April, the prisoner passed me with a bundle, the boy came and asked me if I had seen any man with a bundle, I told him I had, I went to the prisoner and took him and the goods to the office.
Prosecutor. It is my property.



               GUILTY
             aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
