





1420. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STAINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, one box, value 2 s.; eight shifts, value 30 s.; eleven shirts, value 4 l. 12 s. 6 d.; one frock, value 3 s.; two aprons, value 1 s.; seven petticoats, value 14 s.; five sheets, value 50 s.; three pillow-cases, value 18 d.; one table-cloth, value 4 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; one pocket-book, value 6 d.; two breakfast-cloths, value 4 s., and one waistcoat, value 18 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Cropley
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CROPLEY
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live at Walthamstow - my wife is a laundress. On the 16th of October, about a quarter after seven o'clock in the evening, my cart stood at No. 26 Fenchurch-street


, with a box in it, containing the articles stated in the indictment, which my wife had washed. I had delivered a box there, and had to deliver another at the opposite house. I left the cart with a child under eight years of age, standing at the horse's head; I told the child to take care of the cart, and I should return in a few minutes; I went from there to Tower-street to deliver a basket - I was gone about seven minutes. When I returned I perceived the child was gone away, and saw a crowd about fifteen yards from the cart - a gentleman told me that a box had been taken from my cart. I found the things taken out of the cart, and the hind part let down, which was not so when I left it. I went to the crowd, and and found the child standing over the box, which I had left in the cart, crying. The prisoner was in custody - he was a stranger. He was charged with stealing the box, and taken to the watch-house. The box is here.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLITHEROW
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Paul's-alley, Aldersgate-street. I was in Fenchurch-street on Saturday evening, about a quarter-past seven o'clock, and saw three men looking into the prosecutor's cart - a little boy stood by the horse's head; I am certain the prisoner was one of them. I suspected them and went a few yards off to watch - I saw them look into the cart again. I then saw the prisoner go up to the boy at the horse's head and speak to him - he was there about a minute. I then saw the child leave him at the horse's head, and go across the road. I heard the patrol coming, and told him my suspicions; he watched with me. I crossed over, left the patrol on the other side, and saw the prisoner let down the tailboard of the cart - the other two were standing by. I saw the prisoner take the box out of the cart, and when he got about fifteen or twenty yards off with it, I took hold of him; the patrol came up and took him. He said that a gentleman had given him the box to carry for him - that could not be true, as I saw him take it out. I left him with the patrol, and found the child about a dozen yards off, crying. Cropley came up in about two or three minutes, and claimed the box.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAINE
               



            . I am eight years of age. I went to London with Cropley; he went away, leaving me in care of the cart, at the horse's head. Three thieves spoke to me - the prisoner was one of them. He asked me if I would go for a penny roll, and said he would give me a halfpenny for my trouble; he gave me three halfpence. I was to go to the baker's shop over the road.
Q. Who was to take care of the cart while you went - A. He said he would mind the horses' head, I did not got to the baker's, but kept walking sideways, and saw him take the box out of the cart. I then ran back and hallooed - he was stopped with it.
Prisoner. Q. When you saw me at the watch-house, did you not say I was not the person, who sent you away. - A. No, he is the man.
Q. Did not a man give you sixpence to say I was the person - A. No, I said he was the man, then a person gave me sixpence for telling the truth. I am certain he is the man.
JUHN JNDD. I am a patrol. Clitherow informed me that he suspected some persons wanted to rob the cart; I kept on one side, and he on the other; I saw the prisoner go round the cart and look into it. He then went and undid the tail, took the box out, and went off with it. I secured him about fifteen yards from the cart - Clitherow came up at the time. The box contained wearing apparel.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going up Fenchurch-street, a man stopped me, and asked me to help him out of the cart with it. I was lifting it on his shoulder when they took me - the man ran away. I was not three yards from cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
