





547. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     OSMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, a bank note, value 50 l. a bank note, value 20 l. a bank note 5 l. and four 1 l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an accomptant
; I live in Pall Mall.
Q. When did you lose your notes - A. On the 21st of November last, between eleven and twelve at night, I met the prisoner in Fleet-street, I went home with her to her lodging, in Wellington-place, Drury-lane


; before I went to bed, I counted my notes over, and saw I had fifty-nine pounds; after that, I went to bed, and fell asleep, and did not awoke till between six and seven in the morning; I then found my pantaloon pocket turned inside out, and my notes all gone.


                  JAMES 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Lloyd, linen-draper, 24, Oxford-street. On the morning of the 22nd of November, the prisoner came to our shop, and bought a shawl at three pounds, and three pair of stockings at three shillings and sixpence a pair; she asked the other woman that was with her to pay for it; she gave me a twenty-pound note, No. 13,973, I paid it away.


                  ROBERT 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Lovett
               



            , and Co. I paid the notes to Mr. Williams, a fifty pound note, No. 573; a twenty pound note, No. 13,973, and other notes, on the 21st of November.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOLD
               



            . I belong to the Bank ofEngland. I produce a twenty-pound note, No. 13,973.
Mr. Lewis. That is the note I paid to 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            .



               GUILTY
             aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
