





369. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANCHESTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, seventeen yards of stocking net, value 7 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hardy
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Boulton
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOULTON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Hardy
               



            ; we are upholsterers

, 47, High Holborn


. I reside in the house; Mr. Hardy only comes in the house for the purpose of business; he and his family reside in the Borough.
Q. Did you lose any quantity of stocking net at any time - A. Yes, about seventeen yards, on the 19th of March. I did not see the prisoner in the shop. I heard an alarm near four o'clock; I ran out of the shop, and saw the prisoner in Warwick-court; he was running; he dropped the stocking net; I picked up the goods. I am quite sure the prisoner dropped it. The prisoner was stopped before he got to the end of the court.
Q. What is the worth of this seventeen yards of stocking net - A. Seven pounds tea shillings.
Q. How long before you heard the alarm was it that you had seen it in your shop - A. About ten minutes before.


                  JAMES 
                  SPEARING
               



            . I am a baker; I was passing by Mr. Boulton's shop on the 19th of March; I saw the prisoner take a piece of stocking net from within side of the door; he ran up Warwick-court; I ran after him, calling out stop thief; he dropped the stocking net when he was half way up Warwick-court; he was stopped before he was out of my sight. I am sure he is the man that took the stocking net.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming by at the time of the cry of stop thief. I caught the prisoner. I produce the property.
Prosecutor. It is my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by at the time of the robbery, a person came by me and dropped this piece; Mr. Read came up and took me by the collar, saying, it was me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
