





195. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DICKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gunn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN GUNN. I am a warehouseman
. On the 15th of December, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was walking in St. Paul's Church-yard


-the prisoner came behind me - I felt him draw my handkerchief out of my pocket; I immediately turned round, and saw him with it - He ran off, I pursued, calling out "Stop thief!" he run between the coaches and the railing of St. Paul's; turning round he was stopped - He got away, and was taken again - I saw him throw the handkerchief down, and picked it up. I never lost sight of him - I am certain he is the man. Atter he was taken to the watch-house, seven or eight more handkerchiefs were found on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAING
               



            . I am a trunk-maker, and live in St. Paul's Church-yard. I heard the alarm, run out, and stopped the prisoner, and gave him to the patrol. I saw seven or eight handkerchiefs found on him, some in his hat, and some in his pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . I am a patrol. I was on duty, heardthe cry, and run across the street, and found the prosecutor with the prisoner in custody. I found four silk and two cotton handkerchiefs on him, four in his hat, and two in his pocket. I also found eight duplicates on him, all of them for handkerchiefs.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the six handkerchiefs-it was a wet night - A man run by me, and threw the handkerchief at me - I being wet, it fastened on my coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
