





812. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, a watch, value 3 l. two seals, value 1 s. a key, value 6 d. and a quarter of a yard of ribbon, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Kendall
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENDALL
               



            . I live with Mr. Loche in Billeter-lane.

Q. Did you lose a watch on the 21st of September - A. Yes, between ten and eleven at night. I had been to St. Catherine's-square. I was coming along George-street in the Minories


 to my house, the prisoner came and snatched the watch out of my pocket and run away; I had a blue ribbon hanging out and two seals, it is a german watch, it cost me three guineas and a half.
Q. Did you perceive him snatch the watch out of your pocket - A. Yes, I ran after him; he was alone; he turned into an alley, and when I bolted in there he turned back again, and so I catched him, I called the watchman, he came, the prisoner handed the watch to a young man of the name of Baker; he gave it to the watchman.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . Q. Where was it you first saw these parties - A. In Northumberland-alley, Fenchurch-street, I saw the prosecutor had hold of a man.
Q. Was that man the prisoner - A. I cannot swear that it was, he charged the man with robbing him of his watch. When I was in the middle of the mob, the watch was handed out by some one, I cannot say it was the prisoner; I gave it to the watchman.
Q. The same man that the prosecutor had hold of and charged with having taken his watch, he delivered over to the constable - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FOREMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. Between ten and eleven at night, on the 21st of September I saw the prisoner turn himself, put his hand behind him, and give the watch to the last witness, the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner for taking his watch from him. I took the prisoner in custody; I gave the watch to the constable.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of the crime. I was going home to my uncle in Leadenhall-street, the young man catched hold of me, he charged me with taking his watch away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
