






259. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     DAVEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
. one bonnet, value 10s. two yards of linen, value 4s. two shirts, value 2s. five handkerchiefs, 5s. one cloak, value 2s. two pair of stockings, value 1s. and one bunch of keys, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Heming
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HEMING
               



            . I am the wife of John Heming, who is a brush-maker
, and lives in Broad-court, Covent-garden


. These things were taken out of a cup-board in our dining-room.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WOODMAN
               



            . I know both the prisoners at the bar. I saw them at my mistress's house between two and three o'clock in the afternoon of the 30th of January; they came to ask for lodgings. I shewed them into the dining-room on the first floor. There was a bill up for lodgings. I left them in the room whilst I went down to tell my mistress that they wanted lodgings. I returned, and then the man had gone away. and left the woman standing in the room. My mistress did not come up at all. I immediately missed the keys of the cup-board, and said neither he or she should be there, and she immediately ran down after him. Then we sent for a blacksmith to pick the lock of the cup-board, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  JOSIAH 
                  SHERGOLD
               



            . I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoners in Gray's-inn-lane, on the 30th of January, charged with another robbery. I applied to Mrs. Heming the same evening. On the man I found a straw bonnet; it was in his bosom. In his hat I found two shirts, in his pocket I found four handkerchiefs and the keys, also two pair of stockings and a small purse; all claimed by Mrs. Heming. I found a silk handkerchief on the woman, between her bonnet and her head; the cloak I found close to where she stood, on the ground I found them both in a pawnbroker's passage. The man ran away at first, but I purshed him and brought him back.
ROBINSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
DAVEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
