





296. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  , alias 
WEBB





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the King's highway upon 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dunckley
                        




                     
                  , on the 19th of February
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 4 l.
             his property.
JAMES DUNCKLEY. I live with Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Gardiner
               



             in Hampshire. At the time this happened I had just come to town. I had been down after the place, and then returned to town.
Q. What day of the month was it. - A. On the 19th, of February, about one o'clock in the morning, I was going to my lodgings in Portman Mews.
Q. Where had you been till that time in the morning. - A. I had taken the carriage to Mr. Naples, I was going home; I was in David-street, Oxford Road; I looked at my watch at the time, it was a little after one; I crossed Oxford-street opposite of Gee's court; I was going along Oxford-street to Portman Mews; I met the prisoner, she stopped me, she wanted me to go with her, she pushed up against me two or three times.
Q. Did you go with her. - A. No, I did not, I went about ten yards further before I lost my watch. I never was with her at all only when she pushed up against me. Immediately I missed my watch I called the watchman, and directly she went up Gee's court.

Q. 
            Was she with you when you missed the watch - A. No, she had left me then, she did not walk with me at all, she pushed up against me and then I passed on. I refused going with her; directly I called the watchman she went up Gee's court; the watchman and I went up Gee's court; we could not hear any thing of her; I did not see her afterwards till the 26th of February. I then saw her in North-audley-street about ten o'clock at night.
Q. You had never seen her before that first night, had you - A. No, I knew her by her speech and by her face. My brother took her; she was pointed out by the two girls that told us she had pawned the watch for 2 l. My brother and the prisoner went into the public-house together; I went in directly after; I knew the prisoner directly. The prisoner told me she never saw me in her life before. I told her I had seen her before, and I was very well satisfied I had seen her again. I charged the watch with her, and sent her to the watch-house. The next morning I saw my watch at the pawnbroker's in Berwick-street.


                  JOHN 
                  DUCKLEY
               



            . Q. You are the brother of the last witness - A. Yes, on the 26th of February, in consequence of information we went into North Audley-street, we understood this girl walked there, we found the prisoner in North Audley-street, near ten o'clock at night.
Q. How did you know who the woman was. - A. Bythe information that the girls gave me. One of these girls went with me, and a friend of mine was with me, she loosed my friends arm, and then he took hold of the prisoner, he took her into the public-house, I followed and called my brother in, I asked him if he would swear to the person
Q. Pointing her out. - A. Yes, he told me, he could swear to her person and features, he gave in charge to the watchman, he took her to the watchhouse.
- DELBROY I am a watchman. On the night of the 18th of February, near one o'clock in the morning, I was at the corner of James-street, Grovesnor-square, facing of Gee's-court, I saw the prosecutor crossing Oxford-street, he went near Gee's-court, there was a woman standing at the corner of Gee's-court, she came before the prosecutor, what words passed I do not know.
Q. Did he stand to talk with her. - A. No, he went one way and she the other, the prosecutor passed on, and near ten or eleven paces beyond Gee's-court, he called out watch; I ran across the street, he said, he was robbed by the woman that stopped him by Gee's-court; I went in search of her, he went with me, we could not find her.
Q. Did you know who that woman was. - A. Yes, by sight, I have not seen her since,
Q. Look round and see whether you know her. - A. That is the woman at the bar.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALFLOUR
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Alders
               



            , 67, Berwick-street; a watch was pledged with me on Monday the 18th of February, for two pound by a woman, I cannot say that I know the woman, it was pledged in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Webb
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. On the night I was taken to the watchhouse I was in North Audley-street, two grooms came to me and asked me to have something to drink, they took me into the public-house and charged me with the watch, I never was in that pawnbrokers shop in my life, nor did I ever see that young man that charged me before in my life. They charged another woman with this before.
Prosecutor. The watchman took up another woman on suspicion. I did not charge any other woman.
GUILTY, aged 37,




               of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
