






541. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ISRAEL 
                  SANDERS
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , on the 13th of May
, a pocket-book, value 6 d. a bank-note, value 30 l. a bank-note, value 10 l. and seventeen 1 l. bank-notes, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a sailor
. I received a check for my wages. I left it at the place where it is directed, and got change. They gave me two thirty-pound notes, four five-pound notes, and twenty-one ones, and thirteen and eight-pence besides. That is the amount of the bill. I received this money in Fleet-street, and the money. I had in my pocket-book.
Q. When you received the money of the bankers what did you do with it - A. I put it into my pocket-book. That was on the Thursday, the 11th of June. I discharged some little bills with it, and the rest of the money I kept in the pocket-book.
Q. Did you go to the Yorkshire Grey, in Whitechapel


 - A. On Saturday, the 13th, I went there between three and four o'clock in the afternoon. I took a coach at Whitechapel, and went to the Bank, and got small notes for the large notes and afterwards went to the Yorkshire Grey, in Whitechapel. I lodge at 38, Church-row, Commercial-road. I asked the coachman his fare. He said, six shillings. I went into the Yorkshire Grey, to get change. I had fifty pounds in notes left. I took a one-pound note out of the pocket-book. I paid the coachman, and paid for a glass of rum and water at the bar. There was a man came up, and stood, with a whip, across the passage. The prisoner, Sanders, came up and stood between the man and me.
Q. Did you see Myers there - A. No; I did not take notice of any thing. When I settled with the coachman, and paid the landlord for his liquor, I walked out. I did not want any money. I had change that I got there. I did not want the pocketbook till the morning, and then, in the morning, I missed it.
Q. Have you ever found the pocket-book, or any part of the property since - A. No.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BRIANT
               



            . I lived servant at the Yorkshire Grey public house, on the 13th of May last.
Q. Do you know the two prisoners at the bar - Yes. They used to come to my master's house. I have seen them there about four times.
Q. Do you remember the prosecutor, Mr. Smith - A. Yes; he came in for change of a pound note. to pay the coachman. The two prisoners were having a pint of beer.
Q. Was any body with them. - A. Yes; a man of the name of 
               
                  Mordecai 
                  Julian
               



            .
Q. Smith came in for change of a pound note. Did he have any thing to drink - A. A glass of rum and water.
Q. Did you see any thing done by either of the prisoners - A. Julian stood across, with a whip, and Smith was between them. Myers stood behind Mr. Smith. He put his hand into Mr. Smith's pocket, and attempted to take out the pocket-book. I looked round, and he brought out his hand again. Mr. Smith moved forwards; he followed him up; Myers then put his hand into his pocket and took the pocket-book out. Myers pushed Smith of one side, and went out of doors. Julian staid in, and Smith went out of the house. Smith came the next day and stated his loss.
Mr. Gurney. What, you let Mr. Smith go out, and did not tell him that he had lost his pocket-book - A. Yes.
COURT. How soon did Smith go out after this had passed - A. In about five minutes.
Q. And where were you at that time - A. In the passage.
Myers left his defence to his counsel.
Sanders's Defence. I went into the house to have a pint of beer; when I drank the beer, I handed the pot over to the landlady in the bar.
MYERS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
SANDERS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
