






485. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, one bedstead, value 1l. 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Rivett
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RIVETT
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live in Crown-street, Finsbury square


. On the 23rd of January, in the evening, I lost my bedstead; my daughter alarmed me, I ran out after the man-it was thrown down on the alarm being given. I ran after the person, when somebody said," he is gone down the court." I ran to where I supposed he must come out-the prisoner ran out. I called Stop thief! I stopped him and never lost sight of him - He turned round and struck me. I was immediately surrounded by a gang; the officer dispersed them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RIVETT
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness. I heard a noise at the door, came out, and saw two men assisting to put the bedstead on the prisoner's shoulder. I am sure he is the man. There were lights in the shop. I called my father, he turned towards Crowncourt. The prisoner went down Crown-court. He was taken in about three minutes.
THOMAS FITZGERALD. I am a headborough. I was in my shop in Long-alley. I ran out on hearing the cry, and saw the prisoner pass, and Mr. Rivett following him - He took him, and gave him in my charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live opposite Mr. Rivett. I saw five men come from the court - They appeared connected together - I watched them to the shop; two stood at the door, and two went in, lifted the bedstead out, and put it on to one of their shoulders. Miss Rivett called out, and they threw it down. Miss Rivett was not above five yards from them. I cannot swear to the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the court, and Mr. Rivett stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
