





219. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     GROOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , a watch, value 1 l. a key, value 1 d. six guineas, two half guineas, three dollars, a shilling, a five pound bank note, two one pound bank notes, and a two pound bank note
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a coal meter
 for the City of London.
Q. When did you lose this property. - A. Knowing the prisoner as an acquaintance some years, I was going by, I sat down there and sent for something to drink, I was there two hours, and when I came out, I missed my property.
Q. Did you go to see the prisoner. - A. Yes, I called there that evening, she sells things about the street, and lives in Grub Street


.
Q. How could you lose your watch without knowing it. - A. Because she put her arm round my neck, I did not feel it go away, the watch was taken from my fob, the notes were in a little bag in this side pocket, the money was wrapped up in a dirty rag, and a silver shilling of George the Second.
Q. Did you see her take it. - A. No, but when I was coming away I searched, and found my property was gone, the officers searched her, they have got my watch, three dollars, and that new shilling which were found upon her.
Q. Were you drunk or sober. - A. I was rather the worse for liquor, but sensible, I knew what I did.


                  JAMES 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a baker. As I was going by I saw this woman had the man round his neck, I was curious enough to see what she was doing off, I saw her draw the watch and put it in her bosom, I saw her take the bag out of his pocket, and shake it to the two women that were there, the windows were allbroken, I could see in, she was putting the man out, I insisted upon the man staying in until he had his property, I got a young man to stand at the door while I went and got the two officers.
MRS. CANN. I get my living in the street, I was at the prisoner's room, Mr. Gray gave me sixpence for a quartern and a half of gin, he was in liquor, she persuaded him to go up to Mr. Groom's bed, she followed him, and what she took I cannot say, she took the bag out of his pocket and shook it. Mr. Gray came down stairs and said he had lost his property, when the officers came I told them to search me and my acquaintance, she pulled the watch from under her arm, and gave it to the officer, I saw three dollars in Mr. Gray's hand when he paid for the gin, they were taken out of the prisoner's pocket.


                  MARY 
                  TURNER
               



            . I was in Mrs. Groom's place with with my friend, this gentleman was there, he gave sixpence for a quartern and a half of gin, Mrs. Groom asked Mr. Gray to walk up stairs to Mr. Groom's bed, he refused, she pulled him, they returned down in a few minutes, she brings a dollar, a half guinea, and a sixpence, I saw it, and I saw her put it in her pocket-apron, I knew she had not a shilling belonging to her, she borrowed a shilling of Mr. Gray, I saw the watch taken from her, I never saw any notes.


                  JOHN 
                  SANKEY PUGH
               



            . I am an officer, I was fetched to Mrs. Grooms, I went in and insisted upon searching Mrs. Groom, she said I will give you the watch, I have got nothing more, we stripped her, searched her everywhere, in her pocket we found three dollars and a new shilling, I took her to the compter, I saw her speaking to the officer along with me, she said here is a guinea for you, and here is another guinea for you, I said very well, and took her to the compter, what she said was a guinea, is a new shilling which Mr. Gray said he had lost, she gave 
               
                  John 
                  Waugh
               



             a guinea which he will produce.


                  JOHN 
                  WAUGH
               



            . I am an officer, the prisoner gave me a guinea, which I produce.
MR. GRAY. I swear to the watch being mine, and the new shilling of 
               George
             the Second.
Prisoner's Defence. When Mr. Gray came to see me I was very solid, he wanted me to have something to drink, he stopped three or four hours, I got in liquor I do not know what I did.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
