





540. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NASH, alias 
QUILTER





               
            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 19th of April, in the 54th year of his Majesty's reign, was convicted with one 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Reilly
                     



                  , as a common utterer of counterfeit three shilling tokens; and that he, having been so convicted as a common utterer, on the 3rd of May
, uttered to one 
                     
                        
                           Lydia 
                           Hose
                        




                     
                  , a certain other counterfeit token, well knowing it to be counterfeited
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BEVERLEY
               



             WESTWOOD. I produce an office copy of the original record of the conviction of the prisoner, with one 
               
                  Philip 
                  Reilly
               



            , as a common utterer of counterfeit three shilling tokens. I happened to be present at their trial, and can certify that the prisoner is one of the persons mentioned in that record.


                  LYDIA 
                  HOSE
               



            . My husband keeps a public house in the Five Feilds, Chelsea


. I remember the prisoner at the bar, coming to my house, about eight o'clock in the evening of the day in the indictment; he asked for a glass of porter; he said would I grant him a favour; I told him I must know what it was before I said I would. He said it was but a small one, he wanted to give a child a three shilling piece, and would I give him one for small silver; I said yes, and he gave me two shillings, and two sixpences, and I lighted a candle, and looked at them, and they were perfectly good. I put them into the till; I gave him a three shilling piece out of the till. I took the candle in one hand, and the money in the other, and told him to look at it, and see that it was good. I know that the three shilling piece I gave him was afull cheek, and it also had a little half moon on it; I took very particular notice of it, for I would not have given it to him if I had had another. He had another three shilling piece under his fingers, and as I was going to look at it, he put his hand over it. He went away, and he was back in an instant, and said, I don't much like this, mistress, and I will thank you to change it. He held it towards me, and I perceived it was not the one I gave him. I called him a rascal, and told him, I had a great mind to knock him down I snatched both out of his hand, and said, he should not have either until he had been before his betters. I sent for a constable to apprehend him, and as soon as he found the constable was sent for, he left the house, though it rained very hard.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOSE
               



            . I followed the prisoner, and took him. He pretended he was going back to the place where he had taken the three shilling piece, and on account of his agitation, I was about to take him into custody, when he ran away. I overtook him, and he put up both his fists, but I told him that if he would strike, I would strike; with that, I knocked him down, and secured him.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THURGOOD
               



            . I am one of the tellers of the Bank of England. I look at the three shilling piece offered by the prisoner to Mrs. Hose; It is counterfeit. I look at the other which Mrs. Hose first gave the prisoner, and it is a good one.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been employed for Mr. Sotter, and took this of one of the workmen at foundation digging of the name of Washington.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Common Serjeant.
