





275. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES BRADSHAW 
                     TOMPKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, three sows, value 8l., and nine store pigs, value 20l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bailey
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  NEAVE
               



            . I am a watchman at Stamford-hill; I had called the hour of one, and the prisoner ran passed my box after two pigs; I called to him, saying, you have got some wild pigs there - He said he was almost dead; I said, you seem to run well after the pigs. He drove them back again, and they ran to Mr. Bailey's house; I assisted him with them. He ran down after the pigs, and I stopped at the end to prevent them going the wrong way; he said, that he wanted to take them to town; he was gone a long time, I went down the lane to meet him, and saw him come out of Mr. Bailey's yard with them; we came up the lane, and I asked him if he had got his complement - He said, yes. I said, how many is there? he said, thirteen, and thanked me for my trouble in assisting him. I walked a little way with him. I returned to my box, and found two pigs left behind; I called after him to tell him, and he said he did not mind two pigs, that there were two more men coming behind with another drove, and they would pick them up, that made me think he had stolen them. I went to the lane where the pigs came from, and found Mr. Bailey's gate open, I went into the yard, his pigs were gone, I then alarmed Mr. Bailey. and he sent me after him; when I got to Kingsland turnpike gate, which is two miles and a half from Mr. Bailey's, he had a stick in his hand, I got the other watchman to assist, and we secured him. I am sure the prisoner is the man; he had got twelve pigs when we secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I did not see any other person driving pigs but him.


                  RICHARD 
                  EMERTON
               



            . I am a watchman of Kingsland-road; about a quarter after two o'clock in the morning of the 30th of December, Neave came and asked me if I had seen any pigs go by; I went with him to look after the man, as I had seen some go by, we took the prisoner just by Shoreditch church; he asked me the way to the City-road, and I told him he must go with me on suspicion of stealing the pigs-he had three sows and nine store pigs with him; he said, he had not stolen them. I took him to the watch-house, and left the pigs at the White Hart.

Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. He went willingly with me.


                  HENRY 
                  CALLER
               



            . I work for Mr. Bailey, he lives at Stamford-hill; he lost three sows and nine store pigs on the 30th of December, I saw them at the White Hart, in Kingsland-road, the next day. I am sure they were his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TALLET
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house on the 30th of December; he told me that a man had given him the pigs.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Edmonton, and I met a man, who gave me 3s. to drive the pigs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
