






298. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH BAKER 
                     BETTERTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January

, twenty-four silk Mantlets, value 5l.; one hundred silk handkerchiefs, value 15l.; one silk scarf, value 30s.; seven silk shawls, value 6l.; two yards of silk mode, value 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Charles Pritchet 
                     Bousfield
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Wilson
               



            : and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FROST
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PRITCHET
               



             BOUSFIELD. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Wilson
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Wilson
               



            , the prisoner, Betterton, was in our employ, at a salary of 90l. per annum, and had lived seven years with us, we live in the Old Jewry. On the 17th of January I took out a search-warrant, he lived in the City-gardens, City-road. Armstrong and Gleed went to his house with me, to execute it. Armstrong went in first, and laid hold of the prisoner, Frost, he ran away directly he saw us; Armstrong brought him back into the kitchen - He had a parcel in his hand, which he put on the table; Armstrong asked what it was, he said it was his own clothes. Armstrong produced his warrant for silk goods, and asked if it contained any thing of that sort; after some hesitation, he acknowledged that it contained some of the articles which had been read to him; it was opened, and contained the articles enumerated in the indictment - I knew them to be mine; we had not sold him any of them, they are worth 40l. Frost said that he bought them of his brother Betterton, and produced a paper in Betterton's hand-writing, which, he said, was a bill; some of the articles are much lower, and others rather higher, than they would be sold for. We went up and found Betterton in his bed-room, I told him what I came for, and that Frost said he had the goods of him - He did not deny it. He afterwards requested to speak to me, and said, he hoped we should be lenient with him. I told him it depended on my partners.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On the 18th of January, I went to execute the warrant, and found the two prisoners at Betterton's house; when I was let in, I saw two men were standing in the room, they saw me, and one of them ran away, I run after him, and found Frost in the washhouse, with a bundle under his left hand, I brought him into the room, another man was there at the time; I asked Frost, what was in the parcel, he said, it was is own things; I produced my warrant for silk goods, and he said, there were some in the parcel; I opened it, and found it contained the articles specified in the indictment, Bousfield claimed them-Frost said, he bought them of his brother, and produced a bill of them, made out with the letters R.F. December, 1816, and enumerating the several articles, amounting to 28l. 18s. 6d. (I produce it), it it a bill of the several articles mentioned in the indictment; Betterton was brought down by Gleed; I read the warrant to him, and told him what Frost had said; he said, the goods had come from Mr. Wilson's, and he went apart to speak to Mr. Bousfield.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . Corroborated the statement of the last witness.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BETTERTON. Put in a long written Defence, confessing his guilt, and his contrition for it; begged for mercy, and wishing to exculpate Frost from the knowledge of the goods being stolen.

FROST'S Defence. I was told, that the things were my brother's, and had them to sell for him.
BETTERTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FROST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
