





815. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JORDAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, one watch, value 2l. 10s.; two seals, value 30s., and two keys, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Austin
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Barry
                     



                  , Esq.
            



                  SAMUEL 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am servant
 to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Barry
               



            , Esq., who is a stockbroker
, and lives in Guildford-street


. On the 2d of May, about ten o'clock at night, I went to laythe cloth for supper, I was up stairs about four minutes; when I got to the top of the kitchen stairs I saw the prisoner in the pantry; as I got to the bottom of the stairs he rushed out, and asked if Mr. Gordon lived there? I said, No, laid hold of him, and asked him how he got into the house? he said he fell into the area accidentally-there is an iron railing five feet high round the area-the gate was shut; I called to my fellow-servant to hold him while I got a constable - We found nothing on him. I found my watch laying on the table-cloth press in the passage, outside the pantry; I had left it on a hook at the further end of the pantry. I asked him how he meant to escape? he said he meant to go out at the hall door.


                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody, and found the watch on the press in the passage.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
