





457. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, seven pair of wool-cards, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fairburn
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FAIRBURN
               



            . I am a wire-drawer, and wool-card maker
, and live in Compton-street, Clerkenwell. On the 1st of February, I missed a parcel of wool-cards; I went to Giles, and asked him to go to Smithfield with me, to ask the prisoner if he had taken any away or not. We went, and found him at his workshop, in the pig-market - he was a carpenter
. I asked him if he had any cards of mine? he said No. I said
"Are you sure of that." He said
"I am sure I have no cards, belonging to any one." Giles then said,
"Have you robbed Mr. Fairburn of any cards." He said,
"No; me rob Mr. Fairburn - I would sooner loose my last drop of blood, than rob him." He said he was sure he had no cards belonging to me - I remained with him, while Giles went for an officer. Harker, the officer, asked him if he had any? he said No. The officer then asked whose chest is this? he said it was his; the officer told him to open it, to let him see if there was any cards in it; he said he could not, for he had not got the key. Harker pulled out a hand-cuff; and said,
"If you do not let us look into it, I must take you to the Compter, box and all, and I can get the box open there." Seeing the hand-cuffs, he asked to speak to me, and said,
"I have some cards in my box, but I will show you how I got them." He opened a trap-door, and said,
"I got them out of here last Sunday - Mr. Fell put them here." The trap-door leads to Fell's room. He said he put them into his chest to secure them for me. Harker said he had better open the chest, and let us see them - he said the officer might break it open - the prisoner took the screw-driver, and broke it open himself, and there were seven pair of wool-cards. He was taken to the Compter, and gave 
               Cameron
             the key of a chest, at his lodgings, in Air-street-hill, and said he would find three or four more pair there. I went to his lodgings, and found seven pair more of cards in the chest, and other things belonging to me.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You employed the prisoner to make you a frame - A. Yes, it was not finished I - never authorized the prisoner to take the cards. I sold some to a man, named Marshall, but they were a different sort - I never sold anybody any of this sort.


                  THOMAS 
                  GILES
               



            . I went to the prisoner with Fairburn, and asked him if he had any of his property? he said No, and rather than rob Fairburn, he would part with the last drop of his blood; I asked him to open the chest? he said he would not, but I might break it open; I said I would not, but it would be a satisfaction to Fairburn to see if any of his cards were there - he said he would not. I got an officer. He denied having any cards whatever, in the box. The officer produced the hand-cuffs, and said he must takehim to the Compter, box and all. He then broke the box open himself, and seven pair of cards were taken out - seven pair more were found at his lodgings on Air-street-hill.
JOH HARKER. I am an officer. On the 1st of February I was fetched to the prisoner's workshop; I asked him if he had any of Mr. Fairburn's property? he said, No, he had none, I then saw a chest in the room, and asked him to open it? he said he had not got the key; I said if he did not open it, I must take him to the Compter - he afterwards broke it open, and I found seven pair of wool-cards there - I took him to the Compter. He then gave 
               Cameron
             a key, and said there was more of Fairburn's cards at his lodgings, at No. 14, Air-street Hill. We went there, and found in the bed room seven pair of wool-cards in a chest - two were smaller than the rest.


                  CHARLES 
                  CAMERON
               



            . I am an engine-maker. On the 1st of February I went to the prisoner's shop, and Giles charged him with stealing the cards, seven pair were found in his chest. He was taken to the Compter, and he gave me the key of a chest at his lodgings, in Air-street Hill. We went there, and found seven pair more.
CHARLES BROWN. I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's lodgings in Air-street Hill, and found seven pair of wool-cards there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  GANT
               



            . I am a wheelwright. I went to Marshall's manufactory - the cards on his engine are 4 1/2 inches wide, these are only 3 1/2 wide.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
