





800. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ANTONIO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing, on the 20th of September
, two silk handkerchiefs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Holditch 
                           Baines
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HOLDITCH 
                  BAINES
               



            . I am a linen draper
, Ratcliffe Highway


. On Thursday evening, the 20th of September, the prisoner came into my shop, he asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs; I shewed him a great many, I told him the price of one he was looking at, was five shillings and sixpence; he said, it was higher than he could go to; he spoke English to me, I understood him very well. He fixed upon another, I told him four shillings; he said, he was a poor man; said, he should have it for three shillings and sixpence, what it cost me; after I had cut the handkerchief off, and he had agreed to give three shillings and sixpence, he offered me half a crown. I then told him that I thought he came in to steal not to buy, I bid him go out. I did not miss the handkerchiefs till the next morning; the constable brought it to my house; he asked me if I had lost any thing, and produced two silk handkerchiefs; they had my private mark, and they were the same I had shewn him.


                  GEORGE 
                  LANCASTER
               



            . These handkerchiefs were given me at the office; 
               
                  George 
                  Hack
               



             brought the prisoner with them in his hat.


                  GEORGE 
                  HACK
               



            . I am shopman to, Mr. Pike. On Thursday, the 20th of September, I saw the handkerchiefs in the prisoner's hat; I delivered them to the constable. When he took them from his hat he claimed them as his own; the handkerchiefs were inside the lining of his hat, as if concealed, this was about a quarter before nine; our shop is four doors from Mr. Baines's shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been here fourteen days; I have always been working hard on board a ship. I went along with another man that spoke English very well; he went to the shop and bought four pounds-worth of goods. I know nothing about it.
Prosecutor. He came alone to my shop.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
