





735. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, 2 lbs. of flock, value 6 d.; two blankets, value 6 s.; one mattress-case, value 2 s., and one rug, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morris
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Morris
               



            , who keeps the Old Crown, public-house
, Webb-square, Shoreditch


. I let the prisoner a two-pair front-room, furnished, at 3 s. 6 d. a week - she came on the 18th of March. Next morning, I saw her come down with a bundle under her arm; she told my husband on the evening of the 18th, that she wanted to go out early in the morning, and I showed her how to open the door. Next day, about five o'clock I looked through a hole in the door, and saw the flock laying about the room. About seven o'clock my husband went up stairs, intending to go into the room; she said every thing was right, but the things were dirty. I went in with the constable, and missed the property stated in the indictment. The bed was emptied, mattress, and tick and all were sold - they were let to her with the lodgings.


                  SARAH 
                  ACKELEY
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Club-row, Spitalfields. On the 17th of March, I bought the bed-stick and bolster of the prisoner, for 2 s. 6 d. Next day I bought a mattress-tick and 2 lbs. of flock for 1 s. 6 d., I also bought two blankets of her. She said that she lived in Webb-square,
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The woman said I should have them back again for a few halfpence more.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
