





152. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPRIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, seven yards of linen, value 10 s.; one cap, value 3 d; one curtain, value 1 d.; one pair of stockings, value 2 d.; one pair of shoes, value 1 d., and one towel, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
JOHN JONES. I am a waggoner
. On the 17th of November, between two and three o'clock in the day, these things were stolen from a little box, which was fixed to my waggon, with other parcels in it, while my horses were eating at the George Inn, Hammersmith


.


                  THOMAS 
                  SOUTHEN
               



            . I am hostler at the George Inn; the prisoner followed the waggon. He said he had a sack of flour in it - he came into the stable, and helped it to feed the horses; he kept hanging about the stable - he went to the tail of the waggon and looked in; I asked him what he wanted? but he made no answer. Soon after that he lifted up the lid of the box, took this parcel out, put it under his smock-frock, and ran down a lane. I followed him about a quarter of a mile - when I came nearly up to him he threw the bundle down. We caught him, and he said,
"Let me go, and I will go back with you." He said if we did not loose him, he would soon do for us, and twenty such as us, and if he could get his hands at liberty he would do it - I gave him in charge. He said he hoped that it would transport him, as he was tired of the country.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITTICKS
               



            . I saw Southen with the prisoner in custody. He said if we would loose him he would do for us, and that he wished to be transported.
Prisoner's Defence. The man had nothing to do with taking me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
