





1408. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, one watch-chain, value 2 l.; one seal, value 1 l., and one key, value 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Kew
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KEW
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Parliament-street. Yesterday, about twelve o'clock at noon, I was passing from Clifford's Inn to Sergeant's Inn


 - as I went through the passage the prisoner pushed violently against me; I immediately said,
"What do you mean by that?" He could have passed without interrupting me. Immediately as he pushed against me I felt a violent tug at my watch - he got my chain and seals. I said,
"You scoundrel, you have got my watch!" he immediately ran away, I followed - he was never ten yards from me. I called Stop thief! a gentleman named Burfoot stopped him; I came up and collared him - I never lost sight of him; nobody but him was near me. My fob was buttoned; I found he had broken the chain. We took him to the porter's lodge to search him, they were not found on him. Mr. Kay afterwards found them, and produced them.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBERT BURFOOT
               



            . I am clerk to my brother, who is a solicitor in the Temple. I was passing from Sergeants' Inn to Clifford's Inn, reading a letter - I heard the cry of Stop thief, turned round, and saw the prisoner running - the prosecutor called out Stop thief; no other persons were in view but them. I seized him; he said,
"Why do you do that? I have done no harm - you will choke me." I kept my hold; Mr. Kew came up, and said he had robbed him of his watch - we were about fifty yards from the porter's lodge. I said we had better search him; we took him into the lodge, where we searched him, but found nothing on him. The watch-chain was brought by Mr. Kay - it was broken from the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  KAY
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Blackfriars-road. I was coming through Clifford's Inn yesterday, heard Mr. Kew crying Stop thief, and found the prisoner in custody of Burfoot. I went with them into the lodge; I afterwards went to look for the chain, and found it put in a corner under the gateway, about ten yards from where I first saw Mr. Kew - I delivered it to him at the lodge.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found 4 s. 6 d. on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
