






646. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THORPE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JUDITH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brewer
                        




                     
                  , a bag, value 1 d. three five pound Bank notes, eight two pound Bank notes, and six one pound Bank notes
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BREWER
               



            . I am a farmer
, at Everton in Bedfordshire. On Sunday the 4th of August I came to town for the purpose of settling my accompts with Mr. Clarke in Fleet Market, and after eleven at night I was walking on the curb in Cow Lane, West Smithfield


, I saw the two prisoners come along arm in arm, and when they got within four or five yards of me they parted their arms. Then Thorpe laid hold of my wrist Brown walked round her and clapped her left hand on my back, and her right hand into my breeches pocket, she took a canvass bag. This was without any conversation at all, it was momently done. She took out a canvass bag that contained thirty-seven pound in notes, three fives, eight twos, and six ones. I had received them notes of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Clark
               



             in Fleet Market that morning about eleven o'clock, I kept them by themselves in that bag in my pocket until this girl took them out. When she took them out of my pocket I cried, stop thief, I am robbed of thirty-seven pound, Brown made her escape, I secured Thorpe and resigned her up to the watchman.
Q. Are you sure these are the two persons. - A. I am positive to them both.
Q. Are you positive to Brown. - A. I am, although she is not dressed now as she was then, but her features are the same.


                  JOHN 
                  GRACE
               



            . I am a constable. Thorpe was brought to me by a watchman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a constable, I apprehended Brown in Old Street, I found upon her a one pound note and a dollar, in her apartment I found a quantity of new wearing apparel. I produce a two pound note that I received of Mr. Frogard.
SAMUEL FROGARD. I am shopman to Mr. Plummer, Newgate Street, he is a taylor and draper, I know both the prisoners perfectly well. On Tuesday the 6th of August, Thorpe and Brown came together to our house, Thorpe purchased a coat of me for nineteen shillings.
Q. Look at that two pound note, and tell me whether that is the two pound note that she paid you. - A.It is, I know it by my own endorsement I delivered the same note to Mr Lee.
LEE. It was on Sunday night the robbery was committed, I apprehended Thorpe on Tuesday night near St. Sepulchre's watch-house. The prosecutor being in the country she had been discharged, I apprehended her on the same evening I apprehended Brown.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a fruit salesman in Fleet Market, I know the prosecutor. On the 4th of August I paid him thirty-seven pound in notes, three fives, eight twos, and six ones.
Q. Look at that note, do you recollect whether that is one of the twos that you paid him. - A. It is, and it is endorsed, and two of the fives were marked with the same endorsement.
Thorpe's Defence. I picked up that note upon Snow Hill.
Brown's Defence. I was never in that gentleman's shop, the prosecutor had a woman before I came up.
Prosecutor. I had not.
THORPE 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.

BROWN


               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
