






1544. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HAW-KINGS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Woollam
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WOOLLAM
               



            . I am a silkman
, and live in Warnford-court, Throgmorton-street. On the 20th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was passing through Wych-street, near Temple Bar


, with a friend; seeing a person close to me, I made room for him to pass, which he did, and another, who followed close to him; I immediately put my hand to my coat pocket, and missed my handkerchief - I told my friend they had stolen my handkerchief-in a minute two officers came up and seized the prisoners, saying, they had seen the transaction.
JAMES BAKER. I am an officer. On the 20th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in company with Wainwright, in Fleet-street, and saw the prosecutor and a gentleman, pass the end of Fetter-lane-the prisoners were close behind them, attempting Mr. Woollam's pocket - They followed them until they got to Wych-street, about four doors from the Angel Inn, when I saw Hughes draw the handkerchief out-the gentlemen gave way, and both the prisoners passed; I immediately passed the gentlemen and seized Hughes-seeing him drop the handkerchief I picked it up, the prosecutor claimed it. Wainwright took Hawkins.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I saw him drop the handkerchief.
WILLIAM WAINWRIGHT. I am an officer. I was with Baker, and saw the prisoners following the gentlemen through Temple Bar until they came to Wych-street. I seized Hawkings, and found 12s. on him.
Cross-examined. There was no other man taken.
HUGHES'S Defence. He took another man before he took us.
HAWKINS' Defence. I am innocent.
HUGHES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HAWKINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
