





785. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, one coat, value 20 s.; three shirts, value 20 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 9 s., and one pair of breeches, value 10 s, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bugg
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Henry Ward
                     



, Esq.


                  JAMES 
                  BUGG
               



            . I am groom to 
                  
                     George 
                     Henry Ward
                  



               , Esq.
, who lives in Harley-street


. I sleep in the room over the stable. On the 26th of April I came home about eleven o'clock at night, and missed all these things - I had left them all safe at seven o'clock. A person could get in at the loft door. In about half an hour I saw a handkerchief and pair of stockings found in the next stable. The prisoner was helper there, and had the key of it. I took him to Marlborough-street. As we were going a gentleman said he had dropped something - I found another of my handkerchiefs on the pavement. I picked up some pieces of paper which the prisoner dropped at the office.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Turner, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Brewer-street, Golden-square. On the 27th of April, about twelve o'clock in the morning, I took a shirt in pledge of a man about the prisoner's size - it might have been him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor brought the prisoner to the office - I found him sitting on a seat in the office; there were two or three small pieces of paper under his feet, the prosecutor picked them up. I found some other pieces in the lining of his waistcoat. On putting them all together, I found they made the duplicate of a shirt pledged that day at Turner's. He denied all knowledge of the pieces being in the lining of his waistcoat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  BAKER
               



            . The pieces compose the duplicate of the shirt.
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
