





1009. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     SLEIGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, one yard of woollen cloth, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maberley
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, stating it to be the property of our Lord the King.


                  GEORGE 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a clerk to Mr. Maberley; he is an Army clother
; his manufactory is in Paul's-wharf, in the City of London


. The prisoner was a cutter
 in the employ of Mr. Maberley; he was employed to cut out clothes. On the 5th of October, I was upon the watch, but not placed with the constables; this was about seven o'clock in the evening, the usual time of the men leaving their work.
Q. In what way do the men go out when they have done their work - A. They had to pass through a passage before they could go out, and there were gates to the passage; there are two gates; one at the end of Maberley's premises, and the other gate at the extremity of the premises.
Q. Upon a signal given, were the gates fastened - A. The outside gate was shut only. Sleigh was one endeavouring to get out; he ran past Mr. Stevens to get out of the yard; I seized him; Mr. Bartlett assisted me. I found this piece of cloth upon him; it was concealed under his coat; I took it from him. I am sure it is the same cloth that was concealed under his coat.
Mr. Alley. Pray, what situation do you occupy - A. I am a cashier in that house.
Q. In what way is the cloth delivered out to the men - A. It is delivered out by certificate.
MR. STEVENS. I am the principal clerk to Mr. Maberley.
Q. On the night in question, you consulted a plan to stop and search all your men - A. We did.

Q. Look at the cloth produced by the last witness - A. That is the same cloth that we receive on contract for government. We receive it of the Store-keeper General. It is marked S G, and the broad arrow is stamped upon a variety of places in every yard.
JURY. What is the value of it - A. Five shillings and ten pence a yard, or six shillings.
Mr. Arabin. That cloth you receive from the Store-keeper General - A. We do.
Q. You return so many garments for every piece - A. To a certain quantity of cloth we return so many garments; if we have any surplus we return. If there is any deficiency Mr. Maberley purchases cloth to make good his contract.
Q. You deliver out to each man a piece - A. Yes. We had near fifty cutters. The prisoner was a cutter. When we deliver it to the men they are to return as many garments as they can cut out. The pieces are given out by weight. The shreads are to be returned. We deliver it out with this kind of ticket.
COURT. You deliver them the cloth by weight, therefore they are to return the weight; to make up the weight they must return the shreads - A. Yes.
Mr. Bolland. What does a piece of cloth weigh - A. A piece of cloth of thirty yards, or rather better, will weigh about fifty pounds.
Q. Out of this fifty pounds you expect a certain number of garments - A. We do.
Q. Has this man ever failed to return the quantity of garments you expected - A. I cannot say. I don't know. But by the present practice we get more out of the cloth than we did, and I know that cloth to be the cloth of the Store-keeper General. There is about a yard of it. It is about six quarters wide. Mr. Maberly has no partner in this contract. His name is John.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
