





7. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, one coat, value 30 s.; three waistcoats, value 21 s.; three jackets, value 21 s.; two pair of trowsers, value 30 s.; one pair of gloves, value 1 s.; three pair of shoes, value 15 s,; three shirts, value 10 s. 6 d.; seven pair of stockings, value 10 s. 6 d.; twelve neck-handkerchiefs, value 24 s.; three pocket-handkerchiefs, value 4 s.; four aprons, value 4 s.; one pair of drawers, value 2 s., and one razor, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Eager
                        



                     
                  ; and one coat, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alice 
                           Hoffman
                        



.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLACKESLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Hoffman and Son, who live in Bishopsgate-street. I employed the prisoner to carry the articles stated in the indictment from Tower-stairs, to Bishopsgate-street. As we came up Gracechurch-street


 he ran away with them - I turned round, and missed him. I was informed he was gone towards Leadenhall-market - I followed and gave the alarm. He was taken in Lime-street. They belong to Mr. Eager.


                  JAMES 
                  FARREL
               



            . I am a constable. On the 15th of July I was in Leadenhall-market, about half-past eight o'clock, the prisoner ran by me with a great coat and a bag on his shoulder. I pursued, heard the cry of Stop thief! and stopped him. The bag contained the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The Sessions before last, I was committed for this offence, and discharged - no bill was found against me. On the 15th of November I was apprehended again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EAGER
               



            . I came too late to prefer the bill before the Grand Jury.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
