





547. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLLOWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, a chaise harness, value 3l. two bridles, value 1l. and two saddles, value 4l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bowling
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Bowling. On the evening of the 5th of May, I locked up the chaise house. At about five o'clock the next morning, I found the door open, and missed the chaise harness, saddles, and bridles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CASER
               



            . I am in the fish-line. The prisoner came to me about a quarter before three, on the morning of the day in the indictment, and asked me to lend him a sack; I did not; I told him I should not lend him one at that time in the morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILLIARD
               



            , On the morning of the 6th ofMay, at a little after four o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Brook Green-lane, about two hundred yards from Mr. Bowling's house. I followed him. He threatened, if I followed him, to give me something I did not like. I asked him what he had, and he said a few cabbages. I followed him until I got another person to go with me,


                  JOHN 
                  BOLTON
               



            . Between five and six o'clock, I saw the prisoner in my stables, at Waltham Green. He asked me whether I would buy a bridle. He had a sack; I saw him take two saddles out of it, and heave them into a ditch, where we afterwards took them from.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAYNE
               



            . I am a harness-maker, at Knigtsbridge. The prisoner came to me on the day he was taken up, and offered to sell me a saddle, two bridles, and a whole chaise harness, except the collar, for ten shillings. I had him taken into custody, and delivered the saddle and harness to the officer.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice 
Abbott.
