





341. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a shawl, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Simmons
                        




spinster
, from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a single woman, I am a stay maker
; I lost a shawl as I was going along Long-acre


, it was snatched off my neck.
Q. Do you know who snatched it - A. Yes, the prisoner is the man. it was about a quarter after seven on the 9th of January, I was just turning the corner of Mercer street, he came on one side of me, and snatched the shawl off my shoulders, I had a momentary sight of the prisoner; I have never seen my shawl since, I am quite certain of the prisoner; I ran after the prisoner; 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts
               



             stopped the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I stopped the prisoner, I saw no shawl about him; he was running when I catched hold of him. He said he was not the person that stole the shawl.
Q. Did you mention anything to him about the shawl before - A. No, nor no person without any body mentioned the shawl to him, he said he was not the person that stole the shawl. That is all I have to say.


                  MATILDA 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I was in company with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Simmonds
               



            , I saw him snatch of the shawl, the prisoner is the man that snatched it; I can swear to the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going after a truss of hay, I heard some people hollowing out stop thief, a man stopped me as I was running along with the people; that is not the gentleman that stopped me. The gentleman here came up and asked me what was the matter.



               GUILTY
             aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
