





648. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEONI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a lanthorn, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Spencer
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hodson
                  



               
            .
THOMAS OSMOND. I am foreman to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Spencer
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hodson
               



            . The lanthorn was taken from the ground floor of No. 9, Clement's-inn


. On the 5th of March, I was going along Tower-street, St. Giles's, I observed the lanthorn for sale at the door; I knew the lanthorn to be my masters, by a private mark; it was marked S. and H. I claimed it as my masters. It was lost from Clement's-inn on the 9th of February, and on the 10th I found the lanthorn missing; it is worth four shillings.


                  EDWARD 
                  COTTERALL
               



            . I am a broker, in Tower-street, St. Giles's. On the 11th or 12th of March, the prisoner brought this lanthorn to me for sale; he had a decent dress on then; he said it was his father's; I gave him eighteen-pence for it. In about two or three days after the lad was enquired for, he came by the shop; I took him in custody, and took him to Marlborough-street office.
Osmond. I am sure the lanthorn is my masters property.
Prisoner's Defence. I gave six-pence for the lanthorn to a lamp-lighter; I did not know where he got it from.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
