





630. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LOOSELEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, five trusses of hay, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Pearce
                  




               
            .


                  SIMON 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Heston. I lost the hay from Harlington


, which is two miles from Heston.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am Mr. Pearce's haybinder. On the 25th of March I bound thirty-one trusses of hay - I left them safe about half-past seven o'clock at night, next morning, about four o'clock, I missed five trusses. I know the prisoner - he is a hawker, and keeps a horse and cart. The hay was in a meadow. The rick was fenced round.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a hawker, and live at Winchmore-hill. On the 26th of March I was coming up with a load of goods, between Gerrard's-cross and Beaconsfield, and met the prisoner, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, with five trusses of hay in his cart. I heard Pearce had lost some, and told him of it. He found his hay at the prisoner's house at Beaconsfield.


                  GEORGE 
                  CALEY
               



            . On the 25th of March I saw the prisoner at Heston between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - I overtook him again between eight and nine o'clock that night, in the road leading from Heston to Harlington, and spoke to him, he had his cart with him; he was about two miles from Pearce's hay-rick, and was going towards Beaconsfield.


                  SIMON 
                  PEARCE
               



             re-examined. Harlington is between Heston and Beaconsfield. On the 27th of March, in consequence of what I heard, I went to Beaconsfield with my haybinder and a constable, and found four of the trusses of hay in the prisoner's shed where his horse stood, the other was loose - the horse was eating part of it at the time; we took him into custody. He said he bought it at Croydon, in Surry. I am sure the hay is mine.
JOHN ROBINS. I went to the prisoner's house, and found four trusses of hay, and part of a loose truss in his stable. It was my master's hay, and the same I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the hay.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
