





454. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
, four yards of muslin, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        Emanuel 
                        Thorley
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EMANUEL 
                  THORLEY
               



            . I live in Red-lion-street, Holborn


: I am a linen draper
. On the 3d of May last, the prisoner came into the shop, she asked to see some prints for a child's frock. From her appearance I suspected her, I told her I should not serve her any thing, she only came to plunder. Mr. Cook came in, from his information the prisoner was detained and taken in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . On the 3rd of May the prisoner came into my shop in company with another woman: when the prisoner went out, from suspicion I followed her, she went to Mr. Thorley's shop. As I was entering Mr. Thorley's door I saw her stealing a piece of muslin; she sideled towards the counter, put her hands behind her, and pulled the muslin off the counter. I spoke to Mr. Thorley, and told him the prisoner had stole a piece of muslin; Mr. Thorley's daughter came and took it from under the prisoner's coat.
MARY THORLEY. I am the daughter of the prosecutor.
Q. Do you recollect the prisoner on the 3rd of May being at your father's shop - A. I do, very well; I took a piece of muslin from behind her, under her coat; she said she did not touch it, she was certain it came there of itself. When I took it from her she had hold of it with one hand behind her. It is my father's property, I had seen it about half an hour before in the shop.
Q. What is the value of it - A. Nine shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the muslin. When the lady turned round, I told her I was very willing to strip, to see whether I had any thing. I pulled off my old coat that I had on, and by pulling the coat off it throwed the muslin down.
GUILTY, aged 38.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
