







1459. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NEELAND
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WIGGLEDOM
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HARMER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, five live tame pigeons, price 3 s.; three live tame ducks, price 3 s., and one live tame fowl, price 2 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elijah 
                     Forsyth
                  




               
            .


                  ELIJAH 
                  FORSYTH
               



            . I live at Muswell-hill, Hornsey


. On the 19th of October, about seven o'clock in the morning, I went into my yard, and missed five pigeons, three ducks, and a fowl, which were safe about six o'clock the evening before. The ducks and fowls were generally in the yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 19th of October, about four o'clock in the morning, I was on the top of Muswell-hill, with Izard and Brooks, leading to Finchley-common, and saw the three prisoners coming along the road. A few yards before I got up to them, I saw two of their hands move, and something go from them - Brooks and I went to the ditch. I found two small pigeons in a small bag, in the ditch, and Brooks found one pigeon - we secured the prisoners; Izard pulled a pair of pigeons out of Neeland's pocket, who said he was going to fly them home to Essex as soon as he got work; they said they were going to Winchmore-hill. The ducks were found next morning.
Prisoner HARMER. Q. Did I throw any thing away - A. I do not know. They were all in company.


                  THOMAS 
                  IZARD
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Davenport, and met the prisoners - they threw something into the ditch. I searched Neeland, and found two live pigeons in his pocket; he said he had brought them from Essex, and was going to fly them home - their wings were cut. They could not fly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES BROOKS
               



            . I was with Izard, and saw Neeland throw something into the ditch. I found a live pigeon there, and secured him. I found a knife on him, which was bloody. There was a fourth man in company.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HARMER'S Defence. I was only in their company half an hour.
NEELAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26
         
WIGGLEDOM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HARMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
