





173. 
               
                  DOMINGO 
                  ROBINO
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, one 1 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
Lord Berresford




            .


                  LORD 
                  BERRESFORD
               



            . Since my arrival in England six months ago, I have frequently missed notes and silver out of my pockets - I counted my money several times at night, and missed some next morning. On the 8th of December I had ten 1 l. notes in my pocket, the numbers of which I took on a piece of paper, which I put in a book, in my bed-room, and left the notes with the other money in my pocket rolled up. In the morning, after dressing, the prisoner gave me my clothes, and in going down stairs I missed a note. I sent to Mr. Daker, the magistrate of Marlborough-street, Foy came; I gave him the numbers of the notes, and pointed out the one I missed - it was the third note in the roll. The prisoner was called into the room, and I asked him if he had got any money? he had told me the lay before that he had none. He appeared surprised; I repeated the question, and desired him to put on the table all the money he had. He then took from his pocket several pieces of gold foreign coin. I asked him if he had any more money? He said No. I then asked him if he had any bank notes or paper money of any kind? He said No. I then pointed Foy out to him, said he was an officer, and told him to mind what he was about, for if he denied it, and was found to have money it would go very much against him - he continued to deny it. I told him it was the same if he had it on his person, in his room, or anywhere else - he still denied having anything else. Foy then said he must search him, which he did, and found a piece of paper rolled up in his breeches pocket, on opening it he made a snatch at it, and said
"Oh no! Oh no!" Foy found the note in it which I had lost.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had he been in your Lordship's employ - A. Nine years, and served me with fidelity - I took him into my service in a foreign country - he came to England with me in July last.
COLONEL WATSON. I was present with Lord Berresford, and confirm what he has said.


                  GEORGE 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, his Lordship has given a correct account of what passed. I found the note in the prisoner's right-hand breeches-pocket - it corresponded with the number which his Lordship said he had lost.
LORD BERRESFORD re-examined. It is the number of the note that I lost - the outside note was not taken.
Prisoner's Defence. My master is a very humane and charitable gentleman. I found the paper on the carpet, and waited till his Lordship was disengaged to return it - I was asked for paper-money, and in the confusion I said I had none.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
