





416. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUCK
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 12th of March
, feloniously and without any authority, did dispose of a certain paper, containing the word, number or figure, or character, five on a black or dark ground
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  BURTON
               



            . Q. I believe you lived in March last, at Mr. Carpenter's in Fleet-street - A. Yes. I quitted my place in March last.
Q. What money had you in your pocket, when you quitted your place - A. I had ten pound in the morning of that day, I left my place on the 11th of March, and on the 12th, I met the prisoner. I then had ten pound in my pocket. I saw the prisoner about half past seven, in the evening of the 12th. I met the prisoner just about Fleet-market, he passed me several times, he asked where I was going to; he pushed by my pockets, and asked me whether I had any money in my pockets. He went by me a good many times, and then came and took hold of my hand, and led me round the Old Bailey. He asked me if I had got any money; that was at the time that we were going round the Old Bailey. I told him yes, I had some money in my pocket. Then he said, we should go into some public-house, and have something to drink. I told him I could not; I had no time. He pressed me very much, and accordingly we then went into a public-house, in Newgate-street; there we had six penny worth of rum and water, and during the time we were drinking that, he pulled out a very large pocket book, with three folds, a black cover, it turned over three folds. There were a great number of notes, in thispocket-book. He said, there were five pound, twenty pound, and thirty pound notes. He gave me one, and asked me for small change. He said, he had no small change. I told him he had better get change at the bar. He said he was a captain on board a ship, and that his ship laid in the East India Dock. He gave me a five pound note. He put the note in my dress, and said he wanted small change for it. He told me not to doubt his word; it was a five pound note. I told him to go to the bar. He said he would not go to the bar. I had got some money, and I was to give him my money for it. Then the prisoner paid for the rum and water, and we went out of the house. As soon as we got out of the door he asked me for my money. He gave me another five pound note, and told me to give him all the money I had. I gave him all I had except one shilling. He would not go any where to have it counted; he would have it out of doors. I had nine pound of silver in the morning when I went out, and a one pound note. I had spent about five or six shillings in the course of the day; I am not sure which. I gave him all my money but one shilling, and that he asked me for a great many times. I asked him to go in somewhere and put his name to the notes. He said he would not; I need not doubt his word; he had plenty about him. We went down Cheapside, and then he turned down St. Paul's church-yard, and then he went away. I do not know where he went to.
Q. Had you observed anything particular about his person - A. Yes. he had lost a little bit off his little finger on the left hand. I observed that when we were sitting in the public-house.
Q. What did you do with the notes he gave you - A. I put them into my pocket. I had no others. I had only those two that he gave me. On the next evening I went to a straw-bonnet shop in Leadenhall-street, a Mr. Bramwell's; there I went after a bonnet, and offered to pay for it with one of these notes. There it was perceived that the note was not a good one. They sent for an officer, and I was taken to a jail almost opposite of the Mansion House. When the officer said it was not a good one, I said if that is not a good one I have got another; I had them of a gentleman in the street, and I had given the full value for them.
Q. Did you describe the person that gave you the notes to the officer - A. I did not at first.
Q. Before the prisoner was brought into the Compter had you told anybody about his hand - A. I told Mr. Chamberlain about his finger, and as soon as I saw the prisoner I knew him.
Q.How soon was the prisoner brought there after you was there - A. I was taken about eight o'clock in the evening; I think the prisoner was brought in about two o'clock in the morning.
Q. How soon did you see the prisoner after he was brought in - A. About eight o'clock in the morning. I knew him as soon as I saw him, and I told the turnkey of the jail that he was the man that I was brought in for. The prisoner, soon after he saw me, he told me to go into the yard. I went with him. He told me when I should be taken up to have my hearing the next morning, not to say that I had been in service and had left my place. I was not to say that I gave money for these notes, if I did I should have fourteen years transportation; it used to be seven, but now it was fourteen. He told me to say that I was a girl of loose character, and that a gentleman made me a present of these to go and sleep with him.
Q. When you were before the Lord Mayor did you tell the story that the prisoner told you, or the story that you told now - A. I told the story I did now. I told the truth.


                  REBECCA 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an unfortunate young woman. I met with the prisoner about eight o'clock on Saturday evening, this month. I met with him at a public-house by Fleet-market. He asked me if I was an unfortunate girl. I told him I was. He asked me if I would go in keeping with him. I told him I did not intend to go in keeping. I intended to go home in a short time to my relations.
Q. Had you any refreshment with him - A. Yes, two glasses of rum and water, and while we were drinking the liquor he produced a black pocketbook. I saw there were in it a number of notes, a great many like bank notes. He told me he was a captain of a ship, and had been abroad for a long time, and had been taken by the French, and was in prison a long time. He said, his ship was in the East India Dock. He held up his hand, and shewed me his finger where it had been shot. It was the finger next to the little finger; the first joint was off: whether right or left I could not tell. He then pulled out a great many notes. He said he was a money kind of a man. I told him it was not a proper place for him to expose his money. He said he had only three halfpence in change; he had a great many notes. I paid for the two glasses of rum and water, then we went to my room. He wished for more drink; I sent out for it. Then he told me that my place was not fit for a gentleman to stop in; he would rather go to an inn. There was three shillings and sixpence in liquor, making the debt from him to me five shillings and sixpence in the whole. Then we went out together. He asked me if I had any change about me. I told him I had none; I would get the landlord to change the notes. He told me not to go to the landlord; he should go to an inn and change the notes.
Q. Then you expected to pass some time together - A. Yes. My room is in Charles-street, Drury-lane. We went down Holborn, towards Fleet-market, and when we came up to the watchhouse in Holborn he struck me, and told me if I did not go about my business he would do for me.
Q. Had he shewn any disposition to quit you - A. Yes. I did not like to quit him without my money. He told me to stop a little; he was going to turn the corner a minute; he would return, and then he went to run away from me. I stood still until I saw him run, and then I went after him and caught hold of him by the coat. He called the watchman and gave me in charge. I was taken to the watchhouse. He made his charge at the watchhouse that I meaned to rob him, and that he had property about him. I could not afford to lose five shillings and sixpence. I stated my case to the constable, at the watchhouse.The watchman said I was a likely girl, and he had better give me the money and let me go about my business. Then we were both turned out of doors. When we came out of the watchhouse I told him if he had a home I would follow him until I had my money. He would not let me catch hold of him. I followed him as far as Smithfield, and when I got near to a watchhouse he began to say he was sorry for what he had done. We went up a court; he said there was a house there we could go in. I saw no house, but a poor place. He conducted himself with impropriety. He took out his notes, and pretended to give me a five pound note for what had past: he asked me if I had any change. I had only a farthing in my pocket. The watchman came up and took us both to the watchhouse, because I began to make a noise. I staid in the watchhouse till the morning; the prisoner was taken to the Compter.


                  HOPE 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Bramwell, in Leadenhall-street.
Q. Do you remember 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Burton
               



             coming to purchase a bonnet there - A. Yes; she gave me a note; I took it to Mr. Bramwell. The same note that I received from Burton I delivered to him.
MR. BRAMWELL. I live in Leadenhall-street.
Q. On the 13th of March do you remember Hope Aldridge delivering you a note - A. Yes; I looked at the note, and perceived it was a bad one. It resembled a bank note in its appearance. I sent for an officer, and when the officer came I made it known to her that it was a bad one. She said, if it was a bad one she had another. She immediately gave it to the officer. I asked her how she got them. She stated, of a man in Fleet-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am a constable. I took 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Burton
               



             in custody. I received one note from the last witness, and one from 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Burton
               



            .
MR. WOOL. I keep the Magpie and Stump public-house, Newgate-street.
Q. On the evening of the 12th of March do you remember the prisoner being at your house - A. A man like him in appearance was there, and I think 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Burton
               



             was with him. I saw a pocket-book on the table or in his hand. I have no recollection what it contained.
(The note read.)
Prisoner's Defence. The young person accosted me in the street; she asked me to give her something; I told her I had no money to give her; she said she would not leave me without. By these words a watchman came up. When I was taken to the watchhouse she stated that I had been with her, and that she had given me five shillings. I was so intoxicated I spoke more than what I ought to have done, by that means I was sent to the Poultry Compter. I never received a farthing in the world of the other girl, and what she has sworn against me is all false.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
