





404. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of March
, a cart, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barrett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a fishmonger
, I live 16, Pancras-place


. I lost my cart on the 22nd of March, it was standing on a bit of waste ground, opposite of the house where I live; it was a one horse cart.The last time I saw the cart was on the 22nd of March, and on the 23rd I found the wheels at a wheelers in Whitcomb-street; the axletree I found at Howland-mews, in Howland-street, Tottenham-court-road; the prisoner had a stable there, and a horse in the stable.
WILLIAM 
               READ
             I am an officer. I apprehended Smith; in his stable I found some of the things that is here; here is the axletree; the iron stand I found in the stable. The wood-part of the cart we found in Compton-court, it is the side of the cart; it is broken up. When I apprehended the prisoner Smith, he told me he knew nothing of the cart; afterwards he told me the axletree was in his stable, he bought it of a man of name of Gunston. I have been after Gunston; I could not find him.
MR. HEWES. I live in Whitcomb-street. A man of the name of Thomas, asked me to give him leave to break up a pair of wheels; I gave him leave. Two men came with the wheels in a cart; the prisoner was one that brought them. They had not been there five minutes before Barret came by, he said, are these wheels for sale; I said, no; they belong to this man. He had just began to break them up. Thomas gave a pound for the wheels to the prisoner Smith. Gunstone was present.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at these things; is that your axletree - A. Yes, I am sure of it, and these iron stands belonged to the cart when the cart was taken away from me, and I am sure these are my wheels.
Prisoner's Defence. Between six and seven o'clock the day I was taken, I met James Gunston with these wheels, an axletree, and a piece of iron, in his hand; he asked me if I would buy the wheels; I told him the wheels were fit for nothing, and as I knew Thomas bought wheels, I bought the wheels and axletree; he had the iron in his hand; I did not buy the iron.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
