





765. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ELWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, one wooden till, value 6d., and 6s. 10d. in copper monies numbered
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Coe
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  COE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Coe
               



            . On the 12th of April, about a quarter after ten o'clock at night, I was in my room behind the shop, and heard something brushing against the wainscot. I got up, and saw the prisoner going out of the shop on his hands and knees, with the till under his arm. When he heard me move, he got up, and ran off as fast as possible; I followed him, calling Stop thief! until I came to Aldersgate-street, when he was stopped - He threw the till into the dirt; it contained 6s. 10d. in copper, which I picked up. I never lost sight of him.


                  PETER 
                  HURL
               



            . I am a watchman of Aldersgate-street. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running with thetill under his arm - He saw me, and tried to get from me; I struck him, and he immediately dropped the till - I stopped him. The prosecutrix came up and claimed the till.


                  JOHN 
                  GEARY
               



            . I was going down Aldersgate-street, the prisoner passed me with the till under his arm-the money rattled in it. I pursued, and the watchman took him - He dropped the till.
(Till produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I crossed over to see what was the matter, and the till fell by me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
