





812. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HOPKINS
                  , alias 
FINCH





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of July, from the person of 
                     
                        David 
                        M'Taggart
                     



                  , a tin-case, value 2 s. 6 d. and six 2 l. bank notes
            , his property.
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lister
                  



               
            .
DAVID M'TAGGART. I am a soldier, in the 2nd Royal Queen's regiment
.
Q. Were you employed by Lister to take any property of his - A. Yes; on the 27th of July, I had six two-pound bank notes, and instructions of his; this tin box was in my left hand coat pocket; I went to the Angel inn, to go by the coach, about five o'clock in the afternoon. I know the tin box was in my pocket when I was at the Angel inn. I saw the prisoner and another man with him at the Angel inn tap-room. The prisoner was by when Lister handed me the tin box, with the notes, to take care of for him. We wanted to go by the coach; I went out to see for a cheaper coach at the Bull and Mouth. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lister
               



             remained in the tap-room. The prisoner and his companion left the Angel tap-room when I did. I had come half-way down Angel-street when the prisoner's companion laid hold of my arm, as if to scrape acquaintance with me. The prisoner came behind me, and picked my pocket of the tin box, the six two-pound notes, and the instructions. I felt the prisoner do it; he ran away; his companion ran in the rear; the prisoner before me. I pursued the prisoner, seized him, and took the tin box out of his hand. An officer came up, took the prisoner into custody, and took the tin box from me. It was examined; the six two-pound bank notes were in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  LISTER
               



            . I am an out-pensioner of Chelsea hospital. On the 27th of July, I gave M'Taggart my tin box, containing six two-pound bank notes and the instructions. I recollect seeing the prisoner at the Angel tap, and his companion.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a porter; I live in Bell-court, St. Martin's-le-grand. I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw the prisoner running. There is no thoroughfare to the court. I saw M'Taggart running, calling, stop him; he came up, and took the tin box out of his hand. The constable came and took the prisoner and the box.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I am a constable. I secured the prisoner and the box; this is it.
Prosecutor. It is my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the tin box coming down Angel-street; I returned him the box immediately he asked me for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
