





625. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LONGFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, a childs frock, value 2 s. a pair of trowsers, value 2 s. and a childs shirt, value 1 s. 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at No. 3, Baker's-row, Whitechapel-road; I am a traveller
, I go out with earthenware and glass. On Sunday evening I lost my boy, he is four years old; the child was dressed in a frock and trowsers. I went one way to look for my child, and my wife the other. On my return home, Mr. Jacobs informed me, that he had got the woman and the clothes; I got an officer, the prisoner was taken in custody to Lambeth-street; and when I came home, I saw my child naked, he appeared to have suffered from the cold; it was towards the evening, and the air was cool.


                  ROSE 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am the mother of this child. I lost my child, between six and seven o'clock, on Sunday, the 10th of June; I searched for the child above an hour and a half, I could not find it; and when I returned home, there sat a strange woman with my child in her lap, it had no clothes on, the child was quite stiff of the cold; it appeared as if the child had been exposed to the air some time.
Q. What had the child been dressed in - A. Blue frock and trowsers, which were put new on, on the 9th of June, and a shirt; and when I found my child in the arms of this woman, it was stripped of all its things; that was about eight o'clock.


                  HANNAH 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I live in Whitechapel-road, my husband keeps a clothes shop. About six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner produced to me a child's frock, trowsers, and a shirt, she asked me would I buy them; I asked her how she came by them, she gave no answer; she wanted to go away, my husband said she should not go away. I looked at the clothes again, and thought they were Mrs. Harris's; my husband stopped her with the clothes. There came the news that the little boy was lost; we sent the prisoner to the house where the child belonged to, because of the mob in the street. And Mrs. Harris claimed the clothes.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am an officer, I took charge of the prisoner at the prosecutor's house, for stealing the child's clothes.

Q. Did the prisoner say any thing how she came by them - A. She only said that she was very much in liquor. She had drank a little, but not so much as not to know what she was doing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Red Lion, Whitechapel, a woman asked me to go to this shop to sell the clothes; she said, she would go with me to the door, she had quarrelled with the woman a week before; she told me to ask one shilling and sixpence for them; she came with me to the door, I went in and asked her to buy the things; she immediately took hold of me. I never saw the child nor the woman before in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeants.
