






849. 
               
                  EMANUEL 
                  LEVY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the King's Highway, on the 26th of September
, upon 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Worth
                     



                  , putting him in fear and taking from his person and and against his will, a watch, value 2 l. and a watch chain, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Worth
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT - for like robbery stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Worth
               



            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WORTH
               



             I was nine years old on the 30th of June last. My father is a stationer in Cambridge Street, Hackney Road
Q Had you ever a watch gave you. - A. Yes, my father gave me a silver watch.
Q. How long had you this watch before this happened, that you are to speak about. - A. About half a year, this happened on Thursday the 26th of September. I was going home from school, it was about a quarter past twelve I go to school at Mr. Parry's, by Hackney turnpike, I had my watch with me then in my waistcoat pocket, I put the chain through my waistcoat button hole.
Q. So that part of the chain was out - A. Yes, I was going alone.
Q. Whereabouts was it that any thing happened to you. - A. Almost facing of the Nag's Head, about a quarter of a mile from the school, and about half a mile from my father's house. I was in the road walking towards my father's. Three men came all of a row, they met me.
Q Did you know any of these men - A. Yes, the two prisoners at the bar are two of the three, I was going of one side of them, they stopped me, then I wanted to go on the other side of them, they stopped me again, they would not let me pass, they slipped before me, they kept of a row when they slipped before me. Then I wanted to go of the other side of them and they slipped before me, there they made an opening in the middle, I wanted to go through and two of them closed me.
Q. Explain what you mean by closing you, what did they do. - A. They crowded me up, they pushed me, they both got me in between one another, and I was standing between them, they pushed against me, and squeezed me, they crowded me up and said stop young fellow, then they snatched at the watch and broke the chain.
Q. Can you say which man snatched the watch. - A. Yes, Murphy. I am not sure it was him, it was one of these two men.
Q. Was it between these two men that you were pushed and squeezed - A. Yes, it was one of these two that snatched the watch and broke the chain.
Q. What became of your watch. - A. They took it, when the chain was broke they snatched it out of my pocket and then gave it to the other.
Q. They put a hand into your pocket and took your watch, did they - A. Yes, and part of the chain remained in my button hole. They ran down Nag's Head Yard directly after they took it out. I holloaed out, a soldier ran after them and they were taken into a house. I saw them in the house.
Q. How happened it that only two were taken, there were three men. - A. The other ran down the London Field, and the two men that ran down Nag's Head Yard was taken.
Q. And one of them that were taken was the man that took your watch. - A. Yes.
Q Did you ever see your watch again. - A. No.
Q. Were the two prisoners that were taken searched in the house. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any part of your chain again. - A. Yes, here it is they left in my button hole.
Q. I suppose you were a good deal frighted while this was doing. - A. Yes.
Q. Notwithstanding this did you take notice enough of the men to know them again. - A. Yes I followed them quite close down Nag's Head Yard. I never lost sight of them before they were taken. They were taken to Worship Street and I went there the same day, soon after this happened.
JOB GREGGS. I am a soldier. On this day between twelve and one o'clock. I was about twenty yards from the Nag's Head, as I came along I saw the child run across he road
Q. Had you seen any men with him before that time. - A. No. I heard the boy cry out stop thief, he has got my watch, these two prisoners were turning down Nag's Head Yard at the time, and as they found there was no thoroughfare they were returning back again. I stopped them both, I asked Murphy to give the boy his watch, he said he had not got it.

Q. Did you see any thing of a third man. - A. No. I took them into a persons house in the yard, there I had them searched, they had not got the watch about them.
JAMES SANDERS I am a watchman. I had been to the London Fields selling cakes in the day time, I was coming home. I was near the Nag's Head. I saw the three men altogether, and saw the boy. I was about four or five hundred yards off them, or not quite so far. I saw them shuffling and hustling the boy, and stopping him from going along, they shoved him from one to the other.
Q. Can you undertake to say that they did any more than stop him. - A. They shoved him from one to another.
Q. Then were you so far off as four or five hundred yards. - A. No. I made a mistake in that, I was near the Nag's Head.
Q. Were you near enough to hear them say any thing. - A. No.
Q. Did you actually see them lay hold of him and see them shove him from one to another. - A. Yes, I did. All at once I saw them all three run, and immediately the boy cried stop them, they have got my watch. I holloaed out stop them, they have got the lads watch, they all three ran past me, the lad and I ran after them, they got up Nag's Head Yard, the soldier had got them before I got there.
Q. Did you see the other man run. - A. No. I did not see that, the boy and I followed these two.
MICHAEL WORTH. Q. You are the father of that little boy. - A. Yes.
Q. You made your son a present of a watch I understand. - A. Yes, rather better than six or seven months, and a steel chain. I wore this chain myself twenty years, the watch was not quite so old as the chain.
Q Had you given it him or lent it him. - A. Which you please, he called it his watch, and I allowed him to call it so.
JOSHUA REYNOLDS. I am a constable. On the 26th of September, between twelve and one o'clock, I was coming out of the Nag's Head public-house, I heard the cry of stop thief, the people said they had just run down Nag's Head Yard. When I got to the yard I met this soldier coming up with the two men, I heard the boy, these are the men that stole my watch, we took them into a neighbour's house in the yard, we searched them and found nothing, and after that took them to Worship Street. The magistrate knew them directly
Levy's Defence I was going of an errand for my father down Hackney Road, I was going along by the side of this little boy, I was off him a good way. When I heard him holloa out, stop him, he has got my watch, I saw the little boy run after the prisoner.
Q. What you mean the other man there. - A. Yes, I was running the same as some more people, one of these men took me in custody and charged me with having the boy's watch,
Murphy's Defence. I was looking after work, I heard stop thief cried, and as I was passing this turning that soldier stopped me and gave charge of me.


                  LEVY 
                  GUILTY
               



            , aged 16.
MURPHY GUILTY, aged 18,
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with violence
            ,





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
