





782. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     LOVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, one pair of breeches, value 3 s.; one jacket, value 10 s.; one shawl, value 2 s.; one waistcoat, value 2 s., and one gown, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I have the care of a house belonging to Mr. Turner, of Great Ealing. On the 17th of May I was at work in the garden, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I turned myself round, and saw the prisoner running; I pursued, and saw a woman pick up my breeches by the hedge,the prisoner was secured soon after. I am certain he is the man. I saw the things under his arm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a labourer. I was coming out of the garden, and heard the dog making a noise - I then heard the privy door shut; the prisoner jumped out of the prosecutor's window, I caught hold of him, and asked what business he had there? he said he had been looking for work, and that his mate was in the privy. He broke from me; they followed him, calling Stop thief! I lost sight of him, as he ran through a hedge. I met a woman, she pointed him out - we ran up a lane, came up, and surrounded him; I am certain he is the man. The house had not been left open - he had climbed up a pear-tree which grows round the house, to get in at the window.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  NORRIS
               



            . On the 17th of May, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming through a footpath in the garden, and saw the prisoner running - he dropped a pair of breeches, I picked them up; Smith looked over the hedge, and claimed them.


                  HENRY 
                  MEARS
               



            . I was in my father's garden, and heard the cry of Stop thief! from Mr. Sellier's field, saw the prisoner jump over the fence into my father's garden, and fall on his knees; he jumped up again, and rushed through the hedge into Nashburn's garden. When he got near the hedge, I saw him draw something light from under his jacket. Norris pointed him out to me; he ran against her, and almost knocked her down.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARVA
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner and breeches in charge; I found the other things tied up in a bundle in the middle of the room, ready to be carried away. The window is eleven feet from the ground.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the house to look for work, and did not come out of the window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
