





51. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of November
, nine pigs, value 18 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fitch
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FITCH
               



            . I live at Highgate; I am a baker
. I lost nine pigs on 25th of November from off Highgate Common


.


                  THOMAS 
                  FITCH
               



            . I met the prisoner and the pigs in Holloway. I did not know that the pigs were lost until I got home; and when I got home I found the pigs were missing. I pursued the prisoner and the pigs; I saw them afterwards, and I knew they were our own pigs; there were nine in number; I saw them in a yard in Church-street, Bethnal-green; I am sure they are my brother's pigs.
EDWARD BOSWLLL. I am a butcher in Church-street, Bethnal-green. On the 25th of November the prisoner brought nine pigs down Church-street, Bethnal-green. He said he bought them in Smithfield. I have known the man two years by buying meat at my shop. I did not buy the pigs; the prisoner asked me the liberty to put them in my yard, until seven o'clock in the morning, he put them in my yard without my assistance. Mr. Fitch looked at them they were the same pigs.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. I do not know; I thought he was in the pig-jobbing line.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On Friday the 25th of November, I met my son and Gleed at the end of a lane. I went with them, and a man, who is a neighbour of Mr. Fitch, to 147, Church-street, Bethnal-green; the man at the bar brought these pigs down Church-street, Bethnal-green, about a quarter or twenty minutes after seven o'clock. I went into the butcher's shop; I asked a man, whose name is Boswell, mine, said a man; I then said, you have had brought here to night nine pigs; who brought them? The prisoner was there. He said this man; I then secured the prisoner, and said to Boswell and my son, shew me the pigs. I said to the prisoner, where did you buy these pigs? He said he bought them in Smithfield this afternoon. What did you give for them? that is not a fair question. He did not answer, hedid not answer. I sent for Mr. Fitch; I and Gleed staid in the yard. Mr. Fitch came, and owned the nine pigs. We took them in the cart to the office, and locked them up until the brother came, and swore to them.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . After I told the prisoner that he had stolen the pigs; he said, it was of no use denying it, he stole the pigs off the common.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
