





792. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September
, a watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Goodwin
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a stage coachman
; I drive the Ramsgate coach. On the 11th of September, about eleven at night, I was walking in Whitecross-street; I was the worse for liquor. I was going home to bed. I was going to a house where they let beds out; my wife was with me, and another woman, who came to fetch me home. As I was going along White-cross-street, a boy came up to me and said, there are two thieves; they are behind you now. I made answer: never mind thieves, they will not rob me I know. The watchman came up to me; he said, let me go home with you, I know where you are going to sleep. I said no, I did not want to be exposed if I am a little fresh; you stay behind. And while the watchman was with me I pulled out my watch; it was past eleven. The watchman walked on with my wife; I went on and turned into Chequer-alley


. and the two men who had been behind me, they turned down Chequer-alley; they met me in Chequer-alley; they ran against me, and I lost my watch. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Holmes
               



             had hold of my arm at the time, and instantly she said, where is your watch; you have lost your watch. I instantly put my hand to my small-clothes; I missed my watch; I ran to the top of the court, where I saw the watchman; he was at the top of the court. The watchman said, you are done, are not you; I said, yes, I am. He said, he thought so when they ran down the court.
Q. Did you see who was the man that took it - A. No; one of the men came by me and looked under my hat. I knew him again the next morning, when I saw him, instantly.
Q. Did you find your watch again - A. No; I asked the watchman which way they had gone. My watch has never been found since.
Q. What was the worth of the watch, seal, and key - A. Seven pounds; the watch 5 l.; a gold seal and gold key.


                  SARAH 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I was going home with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Goodwin
               



             on the night that he lost the watch.
Q. Did you see any person near him before he lost his watch - A. Two men were behind us; I saw them behind us. Goodwin had been drinking a good deal. They followed us some way. A boy gave him a description. He said, they were two thieves; I would have you take care. I said, Mrs. Goodwin, where are you going to sleep to night, it is getting late, I wish to go home. We went down Checquer-alley, where this man and wife were going to sleep. His wife was a little way before him. I had hold of his arm. His wife was a little distance from him; a man came up and pushed his wife against the wall; and pushed against Goodwin, and almost knocked him down; and another man was behind me; he drove against me, and almost drove me down. He made a pull at Goodwin's small-clothes, which I supposed to be at his watch.
Q. You did not see whether he drew his watch or not, did you - A. No; I saw no face, but an arm, that passed. I said to Goodwin, good God; where is your watch; he says, in my pocket I said, be so good to feel; he felt down his small-clothes, and missed his watch immediately. I said, there are the two men, run down the court. One had a brown coat on.
Q. Do you think you should know either of these two men - A. No, I could not swear to their faces; one had a brown coat on. I saw none of their faces. On the next day, a person brought another watch to Goodwin.
ISABELLA GOODWIN. Q. What did you see of this transaction - A. It was on a Friday night; Mr. Goodwin, and I, and Sarah Holmes, were coming home; I saw two men in Grub-street, in a chandler's shop, and I saw two men behind us in White-cross-street.
Q. Did any thing happen after you got into Checquer-alley - A. Yes; after we got into Checquer-alley, one shoved me against the wall, the other pressed me against my husband and Mrs. Holmes.
Q. How long was it after a man had pressed against your husband and Mrs. Holmes, that you heard that your husband had lost his watch - A.Not a moment.
Q. Do you know either of the men - A. Yes; the next morning I saw the prisoner at the watch house, about eight o'clock; I pointed him out; I said, that is the man that made a snatch at my husband's pocket; there were more people with him at the watch-house, and I singled him out. I saw him snatch at my husband's pocket; I did not see him take any thing out; I am positive he snatched at something; I am positive he is the man; I cannot swear that he stole the watch.
Q. This woman, that was to sleep at the house with you, says, that some person brought another watch to your husband; did they - A. Yes.
Q. Was that the prisoner - A. No, the prisoner was not there.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am a watchman.
Q. About the middle of White-cross-street, did you see Goodwin and his wife, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Holmes
               



            , on the night that he was said to be robbed - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Did you know the person of the prisoner - A. Yes, for three months, by seeing him.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner at all, the night that Goodwin complained he had been robbed - A. Yes, I saw him after Goodwin said he had been robbed, about a minute.

 Q.Was he alone, or in company, when you saw him - A. He was first of two men, one was about two yards behind the other; he was the first coming out of Checquer-alley. I was against the alley, with the light in my lanthorn. I saw both their features, as they came out of the alley. I stood there and Goodwin came up to me; he said that he had been robbed of his watch. The men had got nearly out of my sight then. I did not pursue them; I was sure it was useless.
Q.Were you present when the prisoner was apprehended - A. Yes; I took him out of his bed in Checquer-alley.
Q. Out of this Chequer-alley where Goodwin said he had been robbed - A. Yes; and the other man used mostly to sleep in a house in the alley, close to where the prisoner lodged. I did not find the other; we searched the house, he was not there. I was present when the prisoner was under examination. Mrs. Goodwin saw him when he was under examination; she said she knew he was the man; she was positive then.
Q. You say you saw the prisoner immediately after Goodwin had been robbed - A. Yes, immediately; Mr. Goodwin had been gone down the alley about two minutes before these men ran up.
Q. Did you take the other man - A. No; I have not been after him. I have not power to take him.
Q. You have authority enough to take him whereever you see him.
- HUTCHINS. Q. Were you in White-cross-street on the night that this man had been robbed - A. No, I was not; I did not go until the next morning.
Q. Were you present when Mrs. Goodwin was in the watch-house - A. No; I was present at the examination. She said, that was the man that shoved her husband of one side; she swore to him, and Goodwin said, that was the man.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . Q. Were you present on the night that this man was robbed - A. No; I saw the prisoner at the watch-house.
Q. Did you see Goodwin there - A. No, not till they came before the magistrate. Mrs. Goodwin said she was positive that was the man; she swore to the man before the magistrate, and Goodwin said the same. Goodwin said, he was sure that was the man that robbed him of his watch.
ELIZABETH 
               
                  JANE 
                  LONG
               



            . I live at No. 45, in Checquer-alley.
Q. Did Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin sleep at your house on the night of this robbery - A. Yes; they lived at our house this two months past.
Mr. Adolphus Had they any other place of abode - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Do you remember his coming home the night he lost his watch - A. Yes.
Q.In what state was he - A. Very much in liquor; the whole three of the people were very much intoxicated, so much so, that they could but stand on their legs and that is all. They have never come to our house since.
COURT. Were you in the alley at the time the man said he was robbed - A. No; I only heard the alarm. I was in doors; I heard the man say he had lost his watch.


                  SARAH 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. Do you live in Checquer-alley - A. I do; I am servant to Mrs. Thornton, No. 3, Checquer-alley; she keeps the house. At the time of this robbery I was in White-cross-street. The first I saw was in White-cross-street. I saw the two women and the man opposite Playhouse-yard, and they being so tipsy, the watchman asked to see them home; he held the lanthorn up to the woman's face. The woman said, do you know me full well. Yes, he said. I returned down to my own door; I stood a few minutes; they came down. They asked me if it was Checquer-alley; I said, yes. They stood against the wall in the alley. They were so tipsy they could not support themselves scarcely. The wife said something to her husband; he seemed angry. He said he would strike her. I had not stood there many minutes, before there came a man with a light coat and a stripped waistcoat; he took something from the prosecutor.
Q. Did not you see a second man - A. No, there was only one man. He went up the court, running into White-cross-street; up came another man, with his coat buttoned and his hands in his coat pockets.
Q. Was that the same man that robbed him - A. No, another man.
Q. That was five minutes after the robbery - A. Yes; they had not called the watch till after that man passed me.
Q. Did not you call, watch - A. No; I did not know until the man said he had lost something.
Q. Did not you see him take something - A. Yes, but I did not know what it was. The woman asked him if he had his watch. He said, no, that man that passed me has taken my watch.
Mr. Adolphus. Have you been in court while this trial has been going on - A. I have been out of court; I have not heard a word.
Q. Then another man came up the court, the wife said to her husband, have you got your watch? Did this man that came last run - A. No, he did not run at all; he walked by him.
Q. Then, when this man came by with his coat buttoned, they said they lost the watch - A. Yes, they did; it was as much as five minutes, a minute over or under.
Q. Did two men, at any time, come into the court together? Did two men ever go out of the court together - A. No, they did not. The man that took the watch from him had a light coat on; the other man had a brown coat on. The man with the white coat did run.
Q. Pray, what house do you live in - A. A lodging-house.
Q. For such ladies and gentlemen as frequently come in Chequer-alley - A. The price of a room in that house is from a shilling to three shillings; I have lived there six weeks.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at all - A, I know him by passing and repassing through the alley. I have spoke to him once or twice, that is all. I never ate or drank with him, or sat in his company.
Q. Do you know the woman that was here just now, Fetherday - A. No, I know nothing of her; I never kept company with her.

 Q. Have you any sort of connection, either direct or indirect, with the prisoner - A. Never, Sir.
Q. You never saw two persons in the alley together, during the time you were there - A. No; I did not.
COURT. Could any two persons, together, have gone by you, from the time the man was robbed, until the second man made his appearance - A. No two persons could have gone by without my seeing them.
Q. How long have you known him to live in the alley - A. About a month.
Q. You thought him an inhabitant in the alley, did not you - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see him come home regularly - A. Yes, some evenings, and then it would be two or three evenings, and sometimes a week. He used to go down the alley to a lewd girl; that was not a constant home for him; he used to go with other women. I am perfectly sure he did not live there.
Q. When did you know this lad was in custody - A. The next morning after the watch was taken.
Q. When were you applied to to come here - A. I have not told any body.
Q. How came they to know it - A. I went to the top of the alley; the watchman asked me if I knew them both. I said, I did not know the first that robbed the man, he was an utter stranger to me; the other young man that came out about five minutes after, I knew his name; his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collard
               



            .
Q. Which is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collard
               



             - A. The young man that was taken up on suspicion; the prisoner.
Q. Who was the man you spoke to - A. Mr. Gould, the watchman. I told him that I saw the man that came out first, take the watch from the man.
Q. to Gould. Did this woman tell you that she had seen the robbery - A. Yes, and told me both prisoners' names.
Q. What did she tell you was the name of the other man - 
               A. Billy Slammer
            ; that is the name he goes by in general.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jones
               



            . Did not you tell the watchman the name of the other man was 
               
                  Billy 
                  Slammer
               



             - A. I did not, upon my oath, if I was dying this minute.
Q. to Gould. You saw the three parties? Did the woman appear to be as intoxicated as the men - A. No, I cannot say but they were rather fresh; they had been drinking, but not so intoxicated as the man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
