





779. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MANUEL
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 28th of March
, one shaving-case, value 12s.; two razors, value 4s.; one pair of scissars, value 1s.; one strop, value 9d.; one shaving-brush, value 6d.; one tooth-brush, value 3d.; one box, value 1s.; one pair of snuffers, value 2s., and one hone, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Priest
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEXTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Priest
               



            , a cutler
, in the Poultry


. On the 28th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into the shop and looked at some pocket knives - He asked the price of a dozen? I told him my master was not at home and I could not tell him. He said he wanted six dozen to take abroad to sell - He went out; he had been to the shop before. On the Monday following I missed the shaving-case off the sideboard in the shop. My mistress occasionally serves in the shop, she is not here. On the Saturday after, I saw the prisoner in custody at Union Hall, with the property.


                  JAMES 
                  LOCKIE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 28th of March, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner was given in my charge, at a cutler's in the Borough. I searched him, and found the property on him. The prosecutor claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in the shop. I bought the case of a traveller.
GUILTY. Aged 50.




               Of stealing to the value of 4s. 6d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
