





943. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, twenty-six horse-shoes, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Truman 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Sampson 
                     Hanbury
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas Fowell 
                     Buxton
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DIBBEN
               



            . I am a clerk in Truman's house. The names of the partner



s are, John Truman Villebois, Henry Villebois, Sampson Hanbury, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fowell Buxton
               



            .
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do, he has been employed there ten years. In consequence of information I watched the prisoner. On Thursday the 5th of August, as the men were going to breakfast at half past eight in the morning, I watched the prisoner into an old iron shop, kept by Mr. Whitehead; after two or three minutes had elapsed I went into the shop and saw six horse-shoes in the scale; I asked him what he was selling there; he said, nothing. He was taking sixpence of Mr. Whitehead for six horse-shoes. He had sold six horse-shoes for sixpence. They were old horse-shoes. I knew these horse-shoes perfectly well; one of the six had a private mark that I had made with a punch. I have no doubt they are my masters property. I saw some more in the shop. There was more than twenty. I believe them all to be my master's property. The prisoner said they are none of yours. I took them one by one out of the scale, and when I came to the marked one, I said, George, these are certainly ours, why did you sell them? He said distress made him do it. The horse-shoes were taken from our farrier's shop.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I keep an iron-shop in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I do; I have seen him often come to our shop for the purpose of selling brass cocks and horse-shoes, and different things. On the 16th and 17th of June he came there; I considered from the mode the goods were brought in he did not come honestly by them. I went to Messrs. Hanbury, and made enquiry. He came to my shop; he said he had carried them some horse-shoes to sell; I bought them of him. I down Hanbury's accompting-house, and asked the people if they were not theirs. They told me to continue to buy them, they would stamp them to know them again. On the 5th of August he came to sell some horse-shoes that weighed twelve pounds. I bought them of him, and paid him sixpence. Mr. Dibben took them with him. They are the same that the prisoner sold. I was present when Dibben stopped him.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the horse-shoes. I took the prisoner into custody. I told the prisoner he was not bound to speak without he liked. He said he took them out of Mr. Hanbury's farrier's shop; he did it for hunger; he had not a bit of bread to eat.
Mr. Dibben. These six horse-shoes are my employer's property. The prisoner had worked for us some years occasionally.
Prisoner's Defence. Sometimes I was in work and sometimes not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
