





10. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HYAMS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Benjamin
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about nine o'clock, on the night of the 12th of November
, and stealing therein three coats, value 1l. 4s.; one pelisse, value 1l.; one pair of breeches, value 8s.; three shirts, value 7s.; one pair of pantaloons, value 10s.; three waistcoats, value 8s.; one hat, value 2s.; and one pair of gloves, value 6d.
             the property of the said Elizebeth Benjamin.
ELIZABETH BENJAMIN. I live in Love-lane, Houndsditch


; my house was broken open on the 12th of November; I was not at home at the time; I came home soon after eight o'clock; I found my drawers open, and the articles gone.
BENJAMIN BENJAMIN. My mother came to me and told me she had been robbed; we went and informed Mr. Kinnersley. The prisoner had lodged at our house, and thinking he might be the thief, I went and apprehended him, and gave him into Kinnersley's custody; I afterwards took his partner, whose name is Noah; he said he knew nothing of it. I promised him if he would tell me where the property was I would admit him as an evidence; in consequence of which he told me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NOAH
               



            . I sell cocoa nuts about the streets; I have been in partnership with the prisoner about eight months; before that I lived with Mr. Wing, in Houndsditch, and the prisoner enticed me away; between seven and eight o'clock we went into Gun-yard; the prisoner told me to watch until he came out; he was in Mrs. Benjamin's about ten minutes; he brought a bag of clothes out, and took them to his lodgings, where we both lived; the next morning I put some into my bag, and he put the rest in his; if we were asked what we had got we was tocall clothes. I sold Mr. Levy one lot for 36s.; another for 8s.; a pelisse, for 11s.; two sheets, for 5s.; and a waistcoat for 18d.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Noah came to my shop and offered a pelisse for sale; I offered 11s. for it; he went out; afterwards Noah and the prisoner came back, and Noah sold it to me; the prisoner was present.


                  MOSES 
                  LEVY
               



            . I keep a sale-shop in Holywell-street. Noah came to my shop, and I brought several things of him, for 1l. 16s. I produce them.


                  REUBEN 
                  LEVY
               



            . I bought this coat of Hyams for 11s.; producing it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . On the 12th of November, Benjamin came and informed me he had been robbed. I went and examined the premises, and found the back-door had been broken open, as well as the front-room door; he said he suspected the prisoner. I went in pursuit of him, but could not find him. On the 15th of November, Benjamin came to me to say, he had taken one of the prisoners. I went to the house and found him in the custody of Forester, the officer; as we were going to examine his lodgings we met Noah, and took him with us; he wanted to persuade a young woman in the house that he had not been at home; but she persisted that he had just gone out. We went into his room and found a crow-bar and a pair of gloves in the fire-place, covered over with ashes. I took him into custody. He said he knew nothing about it. The next morning I went to him with his father, who persuaded him to tell where the things were. He took me to several places, and at last to Mr. Davis; he said he had sold some things there; Mr. Davis gave them up to me; he then took me to Mr. Levy's, in Hollywell-street, where he had sold goods to the amount of of 1l. 16s. I then took him before the Lord Mayor. I found this shirt on the prisoner's back.
JOHN FORRESTER. I apprehended the prisoner, and took him to Giltspur-street Counter.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of the robbery; I lodged with Noah; he came home with a bundle, and took it away the next morning, and sold the things at different places.
GUILTY Aged 21.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
