





1415. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HICKMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, one bed, value 10s.; two blankets, value 6s.; two rugs, value 2s.; one bolster, value 1s.; one hammock, value 1s.; two jackets, value 13s.; four pair of trowsers, value 8s.; three shirts, value 9s.; two pair of stockings, value 4s.; two bags, value 1s.; two tin pots, value 2s., and one spoon, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Germain
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Minshaw
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  GERMAIN
               



            , I know the prisoner. On the 20th of September he told me he had got a ship at Gravesend, and I could have a birth; he helped me to carry my clothes and bed to the Dundee Arms


; next morning I went there and found they were all gone. I lost the articles stated in the indictment.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERRYMAN
               



            . I am a servant at the Dundee Arms; 
               
                  John 
                  Minshaw
               



             keeps the house. On the 21st of September the prisoner fetched the prosecutor's things away. I am sure he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was given into my charge; he said he sold the articles on board a ship at Chatham, and sold the bed to Goldsmith.


                  MICHAEL 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Parson's-street. The prisoner and another man sold me the bed for 10s.; the prisoner said he bought the tick for 15d. a yard. They had some articles in a bag, which they took away.
(Bed produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of stealing to the value of 39s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
