





1056. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, one 10 l., and three 1 l. promissory notes; and three 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a waggoner
. On the 28th of June, I was at the Clown, public-house, Sadler's Wells


, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner went in with me - we had sixpennyworth of rum and water. I went to sleep near the bar-door in the taproom - I had this money in my pocket; I received two of the bank notes from Mr. Fountain, of Newgate-market. The moment I awoke, I missed my money, which was in a canvass purse - the prisoner was gone; she was taken at a pawnbroker's shop by Thisselton. I saw him take 26 s. and a 1 l. bank note from under her clothes. Next day I saw another 1 l. note.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. I was sober; I knew the prisoner before - she is married. Her relations live near me, and she came to enquire about them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am cashier to Mr. Fountain. I gave Jones 3 l. 16 s. 10 d., to pay 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hodgson
               



            . I have seen two of the bank notes since.


                  CHARLES 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I received three 1 l. bank notes, from Mr. Fountain, which I paid to the prosecutor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSELTON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner coming out of a pawnbroker's in Liquorpond-street, where she had redeemed a watch. I found 26 s. 6 d. in her pocket; I found a 1 l. bank note under her clothes, between her stays and dress. I locked her up, and afterwards saw her in the fields with Brown, looking at a tuft of grass, where she said she had deposited the rest of the money. She said she had taken four 1 l. bank notes from the purse and this was one of them, that she bought a new bonnet with it, and if the prosecutor would look over it she would pay him the money at 5 s. a week, and her husband would give his note of hand for it.


                  ELEANOR 
                  BOADMAN
               



            . I live in Great Turnstile. I sold the prisoner a bonnet for 19 s. 6 d. She paid me a 1 l. note which I produce.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I keep the prison at Hatton-garden - the prisoner said she put the purse down a plug-hole opposite the Clown, public-house - I went there, but could not find it. I returned and told her so; she said it was only the empty purse, but the money was in the fields. She took me to where she said she had put the money - it was not there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHTON
               



             re-examined. These two notes are the same that I paid to Hodgson.


                  CHARLES 
                  HODGSON
               



             re-examined. They are the same.
Prisoner's Defence. I confessed it to get my liberty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
