





225. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, twenty-six yards of linen cloth, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John James 
                     Peele
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Turner
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Scott
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a wholesale linen draper


, I am one of the firm of 
               
                  John 
                  James Peele
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Scott
               



            , there are no other partners.
Q. Where is your business carried on. - A. In Cheapside


. Upon the 18th of January, between eight and nine o'clock, I had reason to suspect the prisoner, he had been with us about three weeks as porter
, I was informed by a youth in my house, that he suspected the prisoner had taken from the warehouse a piece of linen that morning, he had not left the house, I came down stairs almost immediately, and went out to our back premises, to send our porter for a constable, when I came back, the prisoner had just got outside of the door, and shut the door, I took him by the collar and said, Edward you must go with me this morning; at that instant the warehouseman came up, and we took him immediately to the compter, in the passage leading to the compter he took from under his apron a piece of linen which is now in the possession of the constable.
Q. Upon examining that piece did you find it a part of your stock. - A. I did, he said the property is yours; he took it from under his waistcoat and breeches, it is about twenty-six yards, worth about eight or nine and thirty shillings.
Q. What house did you take him from. - A. We took him from Mr. Martin's in King-street, with a good character with him, and a very fair one.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLOUGHBY
               



            . I am a constable, the piece was delivered to me, the prisoner only begged Mr. Turner to forgive him.
Mr. Turner. That is the cloth which the prisoner took from under his apron, it is mine and my partners.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say; I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
