





566. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, two one pound bank notes
            , the property of the right-honorable 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Earl of Wilton





            .


                  THOMAS 
                  EARL
               



             OF WILTON. Q. Was the prisoner in your lordship's service - A. He had been for several years. In consequence of having missed bank notes for a very considerable time, a year and a half I believe, I was convinced that some person in the house was dishonest. Not wishing to make this known to my family that I suspected them, I wished to find out the best mode, who was the plunderer. On the 5th of April, I put four or five bank notes marked in a particular manner, with T. E. there was one two-pound, and three one-pound notes. I put them into a silk pocket-book, which I have here; and put this into a travelling-box, which I have always locked up. The-travelling box is here if it is necessary to be produced. I examined that box from the 5th of April, to the 25th, every morning, and locked the box again until I missed them; from that time to the 28th; I did not look into it. On the 28th I looked into the box again; I found one of the notes gone, that I had so marked, a one-pound note. In consequence of that I sent to Bow-street office; Adkins came to my house at ten o'clock the next morning.
Mr. Adolphus. Had any of your servants access to that box - A. No, never, by my permission.


                  HARRY 
                  ADKINS
               



            . On the 29th of April, I went to Lord Wilton's house in Grovesnor-square. The male servants were all assembled in a room in his lordship's presence; it was announced to them, that they would be searched; as soon as the search was announced the prisoner left the room; he said he was very ill; I went out with him, and staid with him until he came into the room. I searched the butler first, and then the prisoner; I found in the prisoner's watch-pocket, a one-pound note. This is the one-pound note. I took a key from his pocket. He opened a closet in his room, in that closet I found another one-pound bank note in this pocket-book; and on the top shelf of the cupboard, I found these four skeleton-keys. I tried the large key to Lord Wilton's travelling-case, it locked it very easy.
Prosecutor. The two notes produced by Adkins have my mark on them.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
