





647. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Allen 
                           Balmer
                        




                     
                  , on the 19th of April, two pocket-books, value 2 s. and a two-pound bank-note
            , his property.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ALLEN BALMER
               



            . I am a mason
; I live at 58, Wardour-street. On Easter Monday, about four o'clock, I went into the fair of Tothill-fields


; I had two pocket-books in my inside coat pocket, and one of the pocket-books contained a two-pound note. I did not perceive the pocket-book taken from me. I first missed them about five o'clock; a Bow-street officer came to me and said, have you lost any thing; I felt instantly, and said, I have lost two pocket-books. The officer then laid hold the prisoner, and said this man has got them. I saw the prisoner drop one pocket-book, the other was taken out of his breeches; the one that he had in his breeches contained the two-pound note. I was quite sure the pocket-books were mine when I saw them. My name is in both of them.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  RUTHWIN
               



            . I was at Tothill-fair. I there saw the prisoner close behind the prosecutor, and from the prisoner's appearance I thought he was doing that which was not right, which induced me to watch him: I did not see him take the books; I stood at a little distance that he should not see me; I saw him so near the prosecutor's clothes as to suspect he was doing it; there was no one behind the prosecutor, but the prisoner. I saw him move a little way of one side; I thought he had something. I found he was going to leave the prosecutor; I tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said; have you lost any thing, sir. The prosecutor said, a pocket-book. I then laid hold of the prisoner, and saw his hand throw something; I did not exactly see the book. I saw the book picked up; the prosecutor claimed that book. I searched him. I unbuttoned the flap of his breeches. I found the other pocket-book in his breeches. On examining it I found a two-pound note in it. I have kept the pocket-books ever since.
Prosecutor. I am sure they are my pocket-books.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a poor distressed young fellow; the books were pushed to me; I know nothing of the robbery, no more than you my lord.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
