






987. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEXTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BENFIELD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, one mahogany press, value 8l.; two chairs, value 5s.; two bedsteads, value 15s.; one sideboard table, value 10s.; two table-ends, value 10s.; two blankets, value 5s.; one pillow, value 2s.; twelve glass frames, value 5s.; one ladder, value 4s.; one pair of steps, value 2s.; three tubs, value 30s., and twelve yards of carpet, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Forder
                  




               
            .
THOMAS FORDER. I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in George-court, Adelphi


. On the 12th of May I left the premises about seven o'clock in the morning, returned between nine and ten, found it broken open, and the articles stated in the indictment gone. I live under the dark arch in the Adelphi.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in One Tun-court, Strand. Between five and six o'clock in the afternoon of the 15th of May, we were having grains in; our horse fell down, the prisoner, Benfield, called out,"Don't break those things."
Q. What things - A. There was a quantity of drawers and tables, and other goods-his caravan was loaded withthem; it came out of the hole where they were loaded from, and he followed behind. I do not know who drove the caravan.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Benfield's father lets out carts. He lives in Hungerford-market.


                  DAVID 
                  MAJOR
               



            . I am horsekeeper at Mr. Flight's, Adelphi-wharf. I was in the stable just by the gateway, and a man come down in a white jacket and an apron, about seven o'clock; he called Benfield out, and talked to him. I will not swear Dexter was the man. They turned back; the caravan came out of Benfield's stable, turned round there, loaded with furniture. Reynolds's horse fell down; he had a cart there loaded with grains. Benfield was with the caravan when it set off. The goods came out of the warehouse over Jenny's hole.
Cross-examined. Benfield was admitted to bail.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNFORD
               



            . I am a private watchman at the Adelphi. Between nine and ten o'clock on the night in question, I found the prosecutor's premises in Jenny's hole broken open; I went and informed him, he came down, and missed the things. Next morning information was given of the prisoners - I took them. Dexter said he drove the caravan up, and that the goods went into a small court, in Drury-lane; he said he was employed by two Irishmen and a sailor to move them, and that he paid Benfield 2s. 6d. for the use of the caravan.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HURST
               



            . I saw the property safe between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning.
DEXTER'S Defence. I leave it to my counsel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BONSOR
               



            . I am a butcher's boy. I had been with Benfield to take some timber to St. Martin's-lane, we returned and put the caravan in the stable; he went away to buy some fowls, a boy told me Benfield had got a job, and I was to go to the top of Church-court with him; when I got there he was gone. About five o'clock he went to do a job for Mr. Denton.


                  ROBERT 
                  DENTON
               



            . I live in Cloth-fair. On the 15th of May Benfield was engaged to move goods for me; he was in King-street, Westminster, with me from a quarter before six o'clock until after eight; he moved the goods from there to Cloth-fair - He drove the cart himself.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 15th of May, I remember Benfield being sent to do the job. I saw Dexter drive the caravan out between five and six o'clock-Benfield was not there.
-JONES. I saw Dexter drive the caravan out, heavily loaded-Benfield was not there.
DEXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BENFIELD-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
