






211. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     DOUBLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , four 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
JOSEPH JOHNSON. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Holborn. On the 5th of January, about half-past one o'clock at night, I was in Newgate-street; the prisoner, Double, accosted me, and asked me to go home with her - She was alone. I was crossing the street - She kept walking by me, until I got across to Pannier-alley


. She asked me to go up there, I refused-at that instant she put her hand into my breeches pocket, and took out the notes and some silver - I had four 1l. notes in my pocket; I immediately put my hand to my pocket and missed them - I saw no person near her. I seized her, and called watch! at the end of St. Martin's le Grand - He did not come, he must have heard me. At that moment three girls came up, Welch was one of them - I secured her; they all pulled at me as hard as they could, and tried to rescue Double. I was very near letting her go, when another watchman came up. I have never found my notes. I am sure I went no where with her.
JOHN HEBBERD. I am a watchman of Newgate-street. I heard the prosecutor call, came up, and took DoubleWelch was close by her - He told me to take them both. He said Double had robbed him, and the other assisted her-nothing was found on them. He said in their presence that they had conveyed the notes away to others, Welch replied that he had dirtied her shawl. Double said she had nothing about her.
DOUBLE'S Defence. He left two women, and caught hold of me. One of them said, "Do you want to serve her as you have us?" - He called "Watch!"
WELCH-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
DOUBLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
