





729. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DELLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, six live pigs, price 30 s.
            , the property of the Reverend


                     John 
                     Bransby
                  




               
            .
REV. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRANSBY
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington


, and keep pigs in my farm-yard; On the 13th of April, I saw them safe. Next morning, I missed three - the yard has a fence six feet high; I have never seen them since. On Friday morning the other three were taken; I had seen them safe about four o'clock on Thursday morning. My servant went to town and brought them back the same evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Stoke Newington. On Friday morning, about five o'clock, I heard the pigs making a noise; I got out of bed, and went to my window, which commands a view of the prosecutor's yard. In a little while I saw a man get out of one of the styes; he had a small bag, which appeared to be full. He got over the fence, which is six feet high, and then over another fence into the road - I then lost sight of him. I dressed myself and pursued him, but lost him.
Cross-examined by MR. NORRIS. It was not a very tall man.


                  THOMAS 
                  UPJOHN
               



            . I am a poultry salesman, and live in Leadenhall-market. On Friday, the 16th of April, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought me three pigs, which he asked me 18 s. for. I suspected him, took him in custody, and gave him in charge. The prosecutor claimed the pigs, and I delivered them to his servant.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge.
REV. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRANSBY
               



            . I know the pigs to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man, who asked me to sell them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
