





850 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAGNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, three pound eight ounces weight of hair, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Caleb Welsh 
                     Collom
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wells
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUCKETT
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Collom and Wells, they are hair manufacturers

, their house is in Fleet Street, and their manufactory is in Water Lane, the prisoner was in their employ. On Wednesday last I found some hair under the horse's manger in the stable, I went immediately to the accompting house and informed Mr. Wells of it, and then Mr. Goodwin went with me and found it as I had described, he took it away with him, and afterwards returned it me, I put it in the same place again. After the prisoner was gone the hair was gone.
Q. What time was it you found it. - A. Between six and seven.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GOODWIN
               



             I am an apprentice to the prosecutors. On the afternoon of Wednesday last the last witness shewed me where a bundle of hair was, I found it under the manger under the stable, I took it to the accompting-house and shewed it to Mr Wells. It was in separate lots, I put a dark piece of twine round each bundle, I gave it to Luckett and desired him to place it where he took it from, this was between seven and eight o'clock. Mr. Wells brought the prisoner to the accompting-house about a quarter before eight o'clock, he desired a porter to search him, the prisoner pulled off his coat and waistcoat, and afterwards pulled the hair out of his breeches. It had the dark thread on it, I knew it to be my master's property


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELLS
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Caleb 
                  Welsh
               



             Collom After I had been informed of this hair being found and replaced I went to the stable, Luckett gave me a signal, the prisoner came out of the table, I took him over to the accompting-house and called the porter to search him, he took off his coat and waistcoat, I told him he had it about his person, he then took it out of his small clothes. This is the parcel, it is the kind of hair that we use in our manufactory, I believe it is our property, it is worth upwards of four shillings. The prisoner earned thirty-four shillings a week, and his wife ten shillings and six pence, he had been with us two years
Prisoner's Defence. I had a little drop of beer. I did not know what I had done. I never did such a thing in my life before.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr Common Serjeant.
