





645. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Northgate
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 2 s. a warrant, for the payment of 7 l. 6 s. a bank note, value 2 l. and a bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of the said 
               
                  George 
                  Northgate
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  NORTHGATE
               



            . I am a gold beater
, I lost my pocket book on the 9th of May last, I was going under the gate way of Lincoln's-in-fields


 about one o'clock; I was returning home to dinner, there were a few people collected about some bears, I stopped to see the bears; I put down my hand to my pocket, and missed my pocket book, I had seen my pocket book less than three minutes before; as soon as I missed my book, I recollected there was a check in it, I saw the prisoner on that spot; I recollected well I saw the prisoners during the show, I am certain I saw the prisoner on that spot, I did not see him do any thing. I immediately made the best of my way to the person I received the check from, in Wild-street Lincoln's-inn-fields, it was for seven pounds sixteen shillings; I had also a bill in the pocket book due for thirty two pounds ten shillings, I have not put it in the indictment; there were in the pocket book a two pound note, and a one pound note. Mr. Harper's young man made the best of his way to Catherine-street in the Stsand; and I followed him. I afterwards saw the prisoner in custody of Mr. Harper's young man, and Mr. Hodsell, coming up Catherine-street, they were taking him to Bow-street; immediately I saw him I said, that is the man, I will swear to him; Mr. Hodsell had the check in his hand, he said here is the check; Mr. Harper's young man took the check from Hodsell, that check was part of the contents of the pocket book. He was taken to Bow-street, and committed. The check is the only thing I found.
- . In consequence of what I had learnt from Mr. Northgate, I went to Hodsell's and Stiring, the bankers, immediately; I saw the prisoner in the banking-house, he had already presented the check for payment; I spoke to the cashier to stop a check of the name of Northgate; the cashier said, this is your check; he had it in his hand; I stopped it; the prisoner said, he had just picked it up, with some other papers, he had not brought them with him; he never produced the other papers. He told the officer where he lived; he wanted Mr. Northgate to go into a house with him; Mr. Northgate would not consent. The check I have got in my possession now; I know the check; it is my master's hand writing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
