





107. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, forty-eight yards of fringe, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Kemp
                        



                     
                  , widow, from the person of 
                     
                        Caroline 
                        Kemp
                     



.
CAROLINE KEMP. My mother is a weaver
; she lives in Holywell-lane; she sent me out with forty-eight yards of fringe; I was to take it to No. 98, Cheapside; the prisoner met me close to Lackington's, in Finsbury-square


; she asked me my name, and I told her; she said, she must have my bundle, for she had a letter at home for my mother, with some money in it. I had never seen her before, and refused to give her the bundle; she took it from me; I ran after her, and cried out, stop thief! but she got away. About a fortnight afterwards I saw her in Moorgate; I gave the alarm, and she was stopped; she had some of the fringe on her bonnet; I am sure she is the person. She took it from me against my will. I should have known her if she had not got the fringe on her bonnet.


                  ELIZA 
                  KEMP
               



            . I sent my daughter with the fringe, and she returned in about an hour, and told me the same as she has now sworn; I know nothing of the prisoner; the fringe was forty-eight yards, and worth two pounds. The prisoner had about a yard and a half round her bonnet.
Prisoner. Did you not say, that you could not swear to the fringe - A. No; I am certain it is mine.
CHARLES BROWN. I am an officer of Hatton-garden; Caroline Kemp, and the prisoner, were brought into our office, and Kemp gave the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner. I bought the bonnet ready trimmed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
