





516. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, one bottle, value 1 s.. and two gallons of rum, value 1 l. 14 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Dennys
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sheppard
                  



               
            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  DENNYS
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Crutched-friars; I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Sheppard
               



            . On the 27th of March the prisoner came to the counting-house, and produced a paper, which he stated to be an order from Messrs. Vardon and Son, Gracechurch-street, for two gallons of rum. As I did not know him, I told my clerk to tell him it should be sent, but we must get a permit. He went away, returned in a few minutes, and said Mr. Vardon was in a great hurry, was waiting to take it in his carriage into the country, and we need not wait to get a permit. I said we must for our own security, but the rum should be there immediately - he went away. The porter was sent with the rum, he got it from the porter.
MR. 
               
                  HUGH 
                  JAMES VARDON
               



            . I live in Gracechurch-street; the prisoner was once our servant. The order was not sent by any one in our service. I never authorized him to fetch the rum. He left me on the 11th of March.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ROLPH
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I was taking the rum to Mr. Vardon's, the prisoner came up to me in Billiter-square, said he had been three times after it, and he would take it. Knowing him to be the man who brought the order, I delivered it to him.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARKE
               



            . On the 27th of March I stopped the prisoner in Union-street, with the rum on his shoulder.
(Bottle sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of employ
.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
