






1366. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HANSLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, one watch, value 4 l.; two seals, value 20 s., and one ring, value 7 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christian 
                           Cofferd
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  COFFERD
               



            . On the 31st of July, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was in Ratcliff-highway


; the prisoner, Ash, came up, snatched my watch from my fob, and ran away. I followed, and he knocked me down in Pennington-street - I laid hold of him, and tried to get my watch from him, Hansler came up, and kept beating and kicking me - I got the watch from him; the ribbon broke, and he kept the seals. I secured Hansler, Ash got away - I knew him perfectly well before. The watchman secured him that night.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 31st of July the prosecutor gave Hansler into my charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  NOAKES
               



            . I was on duty near the watch-house, saw Ash and another man come down; they tried to speak to Hansler through the holes - they came twice. I secured Ash.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I was at the watch-house. Ash was brought in, and the prosecutor said he was the man. The pendant of the watch was broken in the struggle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ASH'S Defence. I heard a man was in the watch-house, went there, and they took me.
HANSLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
ASH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            

Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
