





1316. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  WHEELHOUSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, four casks, value 4s.; 250lbs. of butter, value 10l.; 53lbs. of honey, 2l.; and 26 hams, value 8l.
             the property of 
               
                  Claus Frederick 
                  Huttman
               




            .
CLAUS FREDERICK HUTTMAN. I am a dealer in provisions
, and live in Great Prescot-street, Goodman's-fields. On the 31st of August, at night, my warehouse in the Tenter-ground was broken open, and the articles stated in the indictment taken out.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am beadle of Whitechapel. On the 31st of August, about eleven o'clock at night the prosecutor came to the watch-house, I went with him to Chamber-street, Goodman's-fields; as soon as we got to the corner we heard the cry of watch; I immediately ran down the street, and saw the prisoner in custody of another man, who charged him with stealing the butter. I took him into the Red Lion, public-house, searched him, and found the key of a street-door on him, which the prosecutor said would open his warehouse. I took him to Lemon-street. I asked him where he lived, he said over the water, but he could not exactly say where; I asked where he slept the night before? he said on this side of the water. I put him in the watch-house. I got information of the property, and went to Duke's Head-court, Chamber-street, knocked at the door twice, a female asked who was there? I asked who lived there, she said Wheelhouse. I said I wanted to speak to her, as her brother was in trouble; she refused, saying she was in bed. I tried the key, it opened the door; I found his mother there, also two casks of butter, one of honey, and two sacks of hams, containing twenty-six, which I took to the watch-house.
WILLIAM HOLMES. I am a bootmaker, and live at No. 28, Chamber-street. I was standing at my door, and saw the prisoner coming towards me on the left-hand side, and three or four others on the right. I saw the prisoner speak to one man, who was loaded; one of them said to the prisoner go on; the prisoner crossed the street, and ran-each of them went on; the last man let a tub of butter fall, it struck me on my right arm. He went away, leaving it in the kennel. They were all loaded, except the prisoner. The landlord took the butter into my lodgings, and the prosecutor claimed it. I said I knew one of the party; the prisoner passed the door at the time, I said here is the man that I saw speak to the persons who were loaded. My landlord asked him if he knew any thing of the butter? he said No. I went for Plunkett, returned, and found the prisoner in the custody of my landlord. When I saw the prisoner run he went down Duke's Headcourt; I did not see the others go down the court. About an hour after I found the property there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence When I went home my mother informed me a man had left the things there, and I was to meet him at a public-house; as I was going, I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
