





663. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM SELWOOD 
                     TAVERNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of June
, thirteen coach-glasses, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Houlditch
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Houlditch
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Houlditch
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I live in Hanway-yard, near Oxford-road. I am a painter and glazier, and deal in glass.
Q. On the 22nd or 23rd of June, was the prisoner at your house - A. I cannot say the day; it was about that time. The first time he called and left the glasses I was not at home; he left the glasses, with my servant. When I saw him I had thirteen, coach-glasses in my possession. I asked him how he came by them; he said he came honestly by them. I told him I had my doubts about it; as an honest man he could have no objection to go with me to the person that had lost them, or to Bow-street. He said he had no objection to go with me. I was fearful of going with him by myself; I sent for a constable. The prisoner gave me the name of Bateman, in Eagle-street. When the constable came he seemed very much agitated, and begged me to let him go; that determined me not to let him go: he was taken to Bow-street office; the prosecutor appeared to give evidence.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a servant to the lastwitness. On the 22nd of June, the prisoner brought thirteen plate glasses to Mr. Watson's house; he asked me whether we bought plate glasses; I told him I could not say without I saw them; they were tied up in a green baize. I looked them over. I asked him what he asked for them; he told me he had sold some for two pounds ten shillings a set, and some for three pounds a set. A set is four I told him I did not think Mr. Watson would give more than seven shillings for each of them; he said, that was too little. I told him I could not say any thing about them; he might take them away, and bring them when Mr. Watson was at home. He said, he had some way to go, he would leave them. I told him when I expected Mr. Watson at home. The prisoner called again.
Mr. Watson. I produce the glasses; I have had them ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  JAQUES
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Edward, James, and 
               
                  John 
                  Houlditch
               



            ; they are coach-makers, in Long Acre. They were in possession of a great many glasses; the glasses are here; they were taken from the shop; the shop is facing of the dwelling-house. The manufactory is the corner of Bow-street. My idea is, that he concealed himself in the shop. I concluded that somebody remained in, and broke out. I found nine frames broken and forced to get the glass out; we discovered the loss of thirteen glasses. The prisoner was a servant to Mr. Houlditch's. I engaged him about a month before; he is a single man; if he kept to his work he could earn three guineas a week; if he was particularly industrious he could earn more than that; we have men that will earn six guineas a week. This frame I remember being made for a coach fourteen years ago; this glass fits it. One glass will not fit another frame; they vary more or less.
Prisoner's Defence. One glass will fit another frame. I am taken out of my turn; I am quite unprepared.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
