







818. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TUCKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     WARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August

, four pounds weight of bacon, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Griffiths
                  



               
            . And 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BROADFIELD
                  , alias 
GILLINGHAM





            , for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, she well knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am a chandler
; I live at the corner of Great Saffron-hill.
Q. On Friday evening, the 12th of August, do you remember some boys coming to your shop - A. It was the night before the boys came.

Q. How many in number came - A. I think as many as seven or eight came; it was just after dark; they asked for a halfpenny worth of small beer; the girl drawed it; they drank it; they handed it from one to another. I did not notice the boys going away. I can only identify them from seeing them in the watchhouse; two of the boys are here were in my shop; and Dearns. My wife missed a piece of bacon the next morning, it was laying in the shop under two sugar bags. The next morning Barnley brought the bacon to me.


                  JOHN 
                  DEARNS Q
               



            . Do you know these two boys, Tucker and Ward - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember being taken up by Barnley - A. Yes.
Q. The night before you were taken up by Barnley, had you been to Mr. Griffiths's shop - A. Yes
Q. Were these two boys Tucker, and Ward, with you - A. There were six boys altogether.
Q. For what purpose did you go there - A. To endeavour to take this piece of bacon. When I went into the shop, I asked for a halfpennyworth of small beer; the beer was given us, and while it was handed about, Tucker took this piece of bacon.
Q. Did you see him take it - 
               A. 
            No. I knew what he was going to do; we all knew it.
Q. After he had got the bacon, and you all had the beer, what did you do - A. We bursted out a laughing, and went out of the shop; we ran up Saffron-hill; towards Holborn; that took us towards Mrs. Gillingham's.
Q. Had you known Mrs. Gillingham's before - A. No; only what the boys told me. I knew they were going to Mrs. Gillingham's.

Q. 
            What became of the bacon - A. We sold it to her; Ward and Tucker took it to her; we waited at a place while they went in; Ward and Tucker went to her shop. When they came out they brought a shilling; we spent the shilling, some bought fruit and others bought bread with it; we divided it; we all had two-pence a piece. About four o'clock the next afternoon, we were all taken up.
JOHN BARNLEY. I am an officer. On the evening of Friday, the 12th of August, I was in a shop directly opposite Mrs. Broadfield's; I was in Mrs. Cook's shop. While I was there, I observed the boy, Tucker, go in with something under his jacket, and hand it over the counter; I then saw Mrs. Broadfield take it into the back room.
Q. What was it - A. I could not exactly see what it was then; she took it into the back room; she either put it on a shelf or hung it to the ceiling; she reached up high with it; she then came back into the shop, opened the drawer, took out some money, and gave it to the boy Tucker; Ward was with him.
Q. Did Ward go in with him - A. I think he did; if he did not, he went to the door with him. I got a search warrant, and searched Mrs. Broadfield's house the next day; I searched that place where I saw her reach her hand up; my brother officer would search the place and found that piece of bacon; it was hung up to the ceiling, just at the place where I had seen her reach her hand up. I had learned of the boys where they had taken it from. I sent for Mr. Griffiths; he claimed it. This is the piece of bacon. Mrs. Broadfield told me if I could get the bill thrown out, she would give me forty pounds; I told her it must go on in its regular course.
Mr. Griffiths. This is my piece of bacon; I cut it myself. The moment I saw it, I knew it.
Tucker's Defence. She told me to get more bacon, she would give me more money for it, and Mrs. Broadfield told me to cut gentlemen's seals off, and afterwards Mrs. Gillingham said, not to bring bacon, to bring better things.
Ward's Defence. She told me not to bring bacon, but to bring better things.
Broadfield said nothing in her defence.
TUCKER, GUILTY, aged 11.
WARD, GUILTY, aged 9.



               Judgment respited
               





.
BROADFIELD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
