





654. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, a pocket book, value 1 s. and five keys, value 5 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Longland
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  LONGLAND
               



            . On the 30th of July I went to the theatre in the Haymarket


, and took my seat in the front box the last row but one, After I had been in the box about a quarter of an hour the prisoner came in and took his seat immediately behind me, he had remained there about a quarter of an hour or twentyminutes, when all of a sudden I heard the sound of some keys falling upon the ground. It immediately occurred to me that they were my keys, I turned round and saw the prisoner quilting the box, I immediately started up and followed him into the lobby. I seized him by the collar and accused him of having picked my pocket, he denied it, I took him into the box and called for a constable, the constable came up, whom I desired to search him, they found nothing upon him, but obtained a light and found my keys upon the floor. I then took him, assisted by the constable, to St. Martin's watch-house, having been previously informed that searching was useless, he having been seen to throw something away, the keys were found under the floor immediately under the seat upon which I was sitting, my pocket was cut, my pocket book was taken away and my keys fell out.


                  RICHARD 
                  CLARK
               



            . On the 30th of July that gentleman came in to the box, I saw the prisoner throw something away, I could not tell exactly at that time what it was, when the prisoner was taken to the watch house, I looked for it, and found it was a pocket book.
Mr. Alley. It was half an hour afterwards when you found that pocket book. - A. Yes.
Court. Where was he when he threw it away. - A. In the lobby, I found it in the same direction where he threw it away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On Tuesday the 30th of July I was on duty at the Haymarket Theatre. About nine o'clock in the evening I saw a bustle in the lobby, I went there, and I saw Mr. Longland holding the prisoner by the collar, I took the prisoner in custody, we returned in the box, I searched him, I found this pocket book on him, Mr. Longland said that is not mine, I found the small keys on the floor behind where Mr. Longland was sitting, Mr. Longland said they were his property, I found this knife on him.
Prosecutor. This pocket book and keys are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am intirely innocent of the charge alleged against me.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
