






602. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HARDY, alias 
SULLIVAN





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April

, a ring, value 2s. a lottery ticket, value 6d. a shift, value 5s. a petticoat, value 3s a waistcoat, value 4s. a spoon, value 3s. a pair of gloves, value 1s. and a napkin, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Simonds
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SIMONDS
               



            . I live in Raven-row, Spitalfields



. The prisoner was a servant
 of mine. On the 11th of April I got up about five o'clock in the morning to make passover cakes; I left a memorandum on the table at home of the different orders I had to execute that day. I went to my manufactory, and returned immediately, and found a strange man in the house; he was in the kitchen. I asked the man what he wanted there; and he said, he wanted a man who portered for me. I told him if he would go with me I would shew him where to find him. I took him near my manufactory, and then he tried to make a run; and I got some of the men out of the factory to assist me in taking him, and I gave him in custody of an officer. On the Saturday morning, I heard that the prisoner had left a bundle at Mrs. Megg's, in Brick-lane, and I went to the officer, and told him about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LYON
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Mrs. Megg's, and received a bundle, which she said the prisoner had left with her.


                  SARAH 
                  MEGGS
               



            . The prisoner at the bar left that bundle with me, on the 11th of April; it was the same bundle that Mr. Lyon had, and contained several duplicates, which led to Mr. Simonds's property.
WILLIAM HART. I produce a petticoat, pawned for a shilling, which the prisoner pledged. I produce a duplicate, and the corresponding one was found in that bundle.


                  CHARLES 
                  POORE
               



            . I produce a tea-spoon; I also produce the duplicate of it, the corresponding one of which was found in that bundle.
(Property produced, and sworn to.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
603. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  HARDY, alias SULLIVAN
               



            , was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April

, a pair of sheets, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bright
                  



               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . The prisoner was a lodger of mine; and when she left me, I missed my sheets.

WILLIAM LYON. I found a duplicate for a pair of sheets in the bundle of which I spoke in the last case.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I produce a pair of sheets, pawned by the prisoner.
(Sheet sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
