






103. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of November
, four waistcoats, value 6 s. and 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Levy 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .


                  LEVY 
                  HART
               



            . I am a shop keeper
 at Monmouth court


, on the 30th of November last the two prisoners came into my shop, I was in the house and wasgoing out. I saw them come in, there was nobody in the shop, I was in the passage. Elizabeth Green asked me if I had got a shift; I shewed, her a shift, that would not do; she then asked me if I had got any stays; I shewed her some, they would not do; then she asked me if I had got a piece of keyseymere, to mend small clothes, I fetched her some that would not do; I looked round and missed some waistcoats out of the window. I told them I had got nothing that would suit them; they went out, they moved very slowly, I pursued one of them; I saw Elizabeth Green drop a waistcoat from between her clothes. I took them both back into the shop, they dropped three more. I cannot say which of them dropped the other three. These are the waistcoats, they are my property; they cost me six shillings and sixpence by the marks. I sent for an officer and had them taken into custody. I never left the shop, I sent for the things as they called for them; I had an eye upon the window, I saw the waistcoats moved out of the window. There was a time when the prisoners were in the shop that I had not my eye upon them.
GREEN, 

               GUILTY
             aged 17.
WALKER, 

               GUILTY
             aged 17.





               Transported For Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury before Mr. Justice Bailey.
