





485. 
               ZACHARIAH PHILLIPS


             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, two seals value 3 l.; one ring, value 10 s; one watch key, value 8 s., and part of a watch chain, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Fairlam
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  FAIRLAM
               



            . I keep the Bird in Hand, public-house
, Oxford-street. On the 8th of February, about twelve o'clock at night, I was in High-street, St. Giles's


, returning home - I was quite sober. About fifty yards before I came to the church, a man came on my rightside, laid hold of my seals, and attempted to draw my watch out; I put my hand to it. The chain broke, and he got off with the seals, key, and part of the chain - he ran up a gateway. I called the watchman, two came, and said it would be useless to follow him if he was gone up there - I did not see his face at all, and do not know the man. Next day Moss produced three seals and a key to me, with the other property, which is not mine - they had been cleaned at Sowerby's the week before.


                  MATTHEW 
                  HEATH MOSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 9th of February, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my master's shop, Mr. Sowerby's, in Chiswell-street, and offered to pledge a silver watch, three seals, a gold and a metal key, which were fastened to the watch by a ribbon - he wanted 3 l. 10 s. on them. Upon looking at them I thought two of the seals were the prosecutor's property - he was an intimate friend of my master's - I had often seen them. I asked him how long he had had them? he said he had had them six weeks, and had redeemed them from Barker's, in Shoreditch. This induced me to look more particularly at them, and I was positive they were the prosecutor's seals - I had not heard that he had been robbed - I told him that could not be true; he then said he bought them that morning of a groom, and he knew him and the house he used, that he gave 55 s. for the watch and two seals, and 7 s. for the other seal. I detained him, and got an officer. He said he bought them that morning, before the officer came - he told the officer he bought them of a groom.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you sold the prosecutor the seals - A. No. I sold him the key.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them that morning. At the time of the robbery I was in company until half-past one o'clock in the morning.
AUZEL BENJAMIN. I sell glass and plated articles, and live in Bedford-court, Catharine-street. On the 8th of February, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner bought a frame of me - it was silver edged, with glasses - I have known him three years. He gave me three guineas for it, and I gave him a receipt - (looks at one) - this is it; I was at tea at the time - his wife came with him. My wife asked them to take tea, and they stopped till very near half-past one o'clock in the morning.
Q. Why stop so long - A. The ladies were playing at whist. The prisoner, his wife, Eve, and 
               
                  Martha 
                  Benjamin
               



             played.
Q. Was it any particular day in your family - A. I think it was my birth-day, but am not positively sure - he was not out until he went home at half-past one. The watchman was going one, when young Miss Myers got up, and said she was going home - they stopped to have another game. He went out with Miss Myers to see her home.
COURT. Q. Did you expect them that day - A. No - he lives at the back of my house, I believe they call it Swan-yard, where he lives - we did not visit - I was never at his house. He has been to me merely to ask me how I did - I did not play at whist myself.
Q. You do not keep a shop - A. No; the frame was bought up stairs; nobody was in the room but him and me when he bought it.
Q. You wrote the receipt all at one time, I suppose - A. Yes, with the same pen and ink. I put some water to the ink as I had not enough. I am not certain whether Miss Myers played at whist or not.
Q. Look at the receipt again, and tell me whether the figures 1819, above the date, were written at the same time, and with the same pen - A. I will swear to it. I dare say I mended my pen to write the figures - I will swear I mended my pen at the latter end. I packed up the cruets - he tied them in his handkerchief up stairs. I never had any dealings with him before in my life.
Q. Then nobody had an opportunity of seeing the cruets, or admiring them - A. Miss Myers saw them. I do not know whether he showed them to her. I was there all the time.
Q. When did you hear he was taken up on this charge - A. What, for this offence? I cannot rightly tell.
Q. When did you hear he was taken up - 
               A. 
            (hesitating) Last week - I cannot tell - it was last week.
Q. When did you see Mrs. Phillips after he was taken up. I think it was last week, but I will not be sure whether it was last week or the week before. I was subpoened here the day before yesterday. They did not play for money, for I am sure my wife would not.


                  MARTHA 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. On the 8th of February the prisoner and his wife came to our house to purchase a set of cruets - Miss Myers, 
               
                  Eve 
                  Benjamin
               



            , and myself, were at tea with my husband at the time - they left about half-past one o'clock in the morning - we asked them to tea out of politeness. We took a hand at cards; Miss Myers and my husband did not play. The prisoner was never out of the house till half-past one o'clock.
COURT. Q. How long had Miss Myers been in before the prisoner - A. About half an hour. We played at whist for 2 d. a game.
Q. Was it a handsome frame - A. Yes. After the prisoner bought it he showed it to us, and asked if we did not think it handsome? He showed it to us before we sat down to cards, we all looked at it; he put it on the table. He opened the paper and showed it us, then papered it up again. He bought it up stairs, when we were not present.

Q. 
            When did you first hear the prisoner was taken up - A. Mrs. Phillips came to us; I will not be sure whether it was the next day, or the day after, and told us, and I told my husband. It was either on Tuesday or Wednesday.
Q. Did she say you must recollect they were in your company - A. Yes, she asked me to have the goodness to come up and speak to the truth about his being at my house at the time; I said it was a thing I did not like - but I was subpoened to come about a week ago.
Q. You told your husband of the prisoner being in custody the same day his wife informed you - A. Yes, I told him when she came to me; the prisoner has bought things at different times of my husband, to take into the country. My husband keeps books, and puts down what he sells, day by day. We had cold beef for supper.
AUZEL BENJAMIN re-examined. Q. Where do you keepthe account book your wife speaks of - A. I have only a memorandum book. I did not enter it in that book. I think I have an entry of it here (producing his pocketbook).
Q. Do you mean to say you keep no other book than this - A. I keep a twopenny memorandum book.
Q. There is no entry for several leaves before or after this, is this the way you keep your accounts - A. I do not keep a regular book.
EVE BENJAMIN. I am sister-in-law to Auzel Benjamin. On the 8th of February I was at his house, Myers called there while we were at tea, the prisoner and his wife came in to buy a frame, they were asked to tea - we afterwards played at cards till the watchman went past one o'clock; we went home at half-past one - the prisoner was in the room all the time.
COURT. Q. Was it a silver gilt frame - A. No, a plated one, silver plated, I am certain. I saw it in the prisoner's hand; he opened the paper, Benjamin said he gave three guineas for it. I saw it standing on the drawers.
Q. When did you hear the prisoner was taken up - A. On the following evening I told his wife if I could be of any service to him by speaking the truth, I would, and so I have come here.


                  HANNAH 
                  MYERS
               



            . I live in Eagle-court, Strand. On the 8th of February I was at Benjamin's house; while we were at tea the prisoner and his wife came in on business - they were asked to take tea, and did - the prisoner bought a cruet frame - I saw it standing by the drawers - I think it was covered up, but I could see it was a frame. They played at cards after tea, I did not play - they played till one o'clock; I then said I had an aged mother, and nobody to protect her but me and I must go. They played another game, and we all left at half-past one o'clock.
COURT. Q. Did you hear 
               
                  Eve 
                  Benjamin
               



             say what a handsome frame it was - A. No; nor did I hear what was given for it.
Q, When did you first hear Phillips was taken up - A. A day or two after; his wife asked me to come and speak the truth; I said it was disagreeable, and I could not think of going - she sent me a subpoena.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
