





505. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CROFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of April
, fifty-seven penny pieces, and one hundred and twenty-six halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Ashley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hill
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I a shopman to 
               
                  Michael 
                  Ashley
               



             and John Hill, they are grocers

 in the Strand


. On the 28th of April, about a quarter before seven in the morning, the prisoner came in the shop and asked the person that was standing at the counter for an ounce of coffee, the person had sufficient coffee ground on the counter to serve him, without turning his back; the prisoner observing this immediately asked for another ounce of a different price; this was obliged to be ground, and for the purpose of grinding it the person was obliged to turn his back; the prisoner took this opportunity when his back was turned towards him, to take two five shilling papers of halfpence and penny pieces that were on the counter, in the window. I was on the stairs and observed all this from the counter. The prisoner was in our shop the morning before and seemed to act in a strange way, which gave me suspicion. Upon his taking the coppers I came from the place where I was, I did not lose sight of him nor the coppers; he turned his back to the counter and held them to his breast, and before I got up to him he put the coppers on the counter, by the side of him. When I went up to him he seemed violently agitated, said he had never been guilty of such a thing before, and fell upon his knees, and begged we would not hurt him. An officer was sent for, he was taken in custody.
WILLIAM CLEMENTS. I was sent for. I took the prisoner in custody, I searched him, I only found on him ten or eleven new halfpence.
Jones. These are the halfpence; there is my initials on them.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop for an ounce of coffee and a quartern of sugar. I never touched that property I am challenged with. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
