





367. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, two teapots, value 9 s. and a tea-pot-stand, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davenport
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I keep a cutlers and japan shop
, 25, Queen-street. Westminster


. On the first of March, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop; I was in my back-room; I came out immediately; she had her hands upon some japan tea pots; the tea pots were standing on a shelf; she asked me the price of one that she had in her hand. I told her the price was six shillings; she said it was a great deal of money; I told her it was very cheap for those who wanted to purchase. I immediately missed two out of the five that were placed there. I told her I could sell her one in her handkerchief for much less.
Q. Where was her handkerchief at the time. - A. She had it before her; it was a bundle handkerchief. She said what do you mean; I told her she had got my property in her handkerchief. I put my hand upon the handkerchief, and felt the tea-pots; I then attempted to take the handkerchief; she resisted; I took it from her, and sent for a constable; she was taken into custody; the tea pots were taken before a magistrate, and deposited in the constable's possession.
Q. Then you did not see her put these into her handkerchief. - A. No, I did not see her at all.
Q. How many tea pots were there on the shelf - 
               A. 
            There were three left; two were missing; I had placed five there in the morning. I gave the handkerchief, containing the two pots to my daughter; she placed them on the counter; the handkerchief was not opened till the constable came, and the tea pots were delivered to him.


                  RICHARD 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner in Mr. Davenport's shop. I opened the handkerchief, and found these two tea pots in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing to the value of Four Shillings and Ten-pence only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
