





391. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of March
, one hundred and twelve pounds weight of saltpetre, value 1 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eykin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Eykin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Browning
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Eykin
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William Hardwick 
                     Browning
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOTTON
               



            . I keep the Bull's Head, Smithfield Bars


. I observed these men about a week or ten days before coming of a morning or loitering about there, and sometimes down lower, backwards and forwards. On the 13th of March, about half after one, Smith crossed the way, and I saw Smith go into Mr. Eykin's warehouse; he brought out a barrel upon his shoulder. When I saw him come out, Carlisle and Tillcock come to my house. I told them, and they followed him. Smith went to the sheep pens and pitched it.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            , SENIOR. I came there at half past one o'clock. From information of Mr. Wootton, I followed Smith in the sheep-pens, where he pitched it. I asked him what he had got. He said, a tub of saltpetre; he got it from Mr. Hilliker's, St. John-street; he was going to take it to No. 6, John-street, Bishopsgate-street. I asked him if he had got a bill of parcels. He said, no, and directly he put his hat on and run away.
- TILLCOCK. When Smith ran away I had the care of the cask it. This is the cask.
MR. WILSON. I have no doubt that is our cask. I lost three. The firm of the house is the same I mentioned in the other trial.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday morning I went into the Half Moon, Smithfield, and while I was having my breakfast one of Mr. Browning's porters asked me if I had got any employment. I told him I had not. He told me to come at half after one o'clock, and take a cask of saltpetre to No. 6, John-street, he would pay me. The porter's name is Freeman.
Mr. Wilson. Freeman left us and went for a soldier before this.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
