







42. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CARPENTER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NOYS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     COOPER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of June
, a diamond ring, value 5 l. 5 s. a pearl ring, value 1 l. 10 s. a pair of gold bracelets, with amethyst snaps, value 5 l. an opaz snap set with brilliants, value 2 l. 2 s. a pair of gold bracelets, with ruby snaps, value 2 l. 2 s. a gold chain, value 10 l. twelve yards of poplin, value 2 l. three shifts, value 12 s. a miniature picture, value 3 l. 3 s. twelve pair of gloves, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bruce
                        



                     
                  , Earl
 of Aylesbury; two silver spoons, value 5 s. and a pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Knap
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bruce
                     



                  , Earl of Aylesbury
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  SARAH 
                  KNAPP
               



            . Q. You are waiting-woman to Lady Aylesbury
. - A. I am. Lord Aylesbury's house is in Seymore-place, in the parish of St. Giles's


.
Q. In the month of June last, did you go in the country with lady Aylesbury's family. - A. Yes, on the 14th, I believe.
Q. Had you the care of her trinkets. - A. Yes, I had.
Q. When you left London, did you leave in the drawers a diamond ring, a pearl ring, a pair of gold bracelets, an Opaz snap, set with brilliants, a bracelet with a sapphire snap, a bracelet with a ruby snap, a gold chain, and a miniature picture, and twelve yards of poplin. - A Yes; but the miniature picture I never saw before I saw it in Bow-street. Three shifts, and a number of gloves I left in the house. Two silver tea-spoons and a sugar-tongs belong to myself, they were left in the drawers; the drawers were locked, and I left the keys locked up in town. I returned to town on the 14th of October, and on the next day I went to the drawers with the key, I could not open it. A smith was sent for, he opened the drawers, and then we missed all the articles that you have been speaking of.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSHEND
               



            . Q. You are an officer of Bow-street. - A. I am; on the 29th of October I searched Carpenter's apartment, in North-street, Manchester-square. The prisoners were all brought to Lord Aylesbury's house, by Mr. Lisle. I went to Carpenter's house, in company with Mrs. Knapp and Mr. Lisle; his wife was out. She came in in a few minutes, and then we began to make our search. We found two of her Ladyship's shifts, with a quantity of gloves and other articles, which are here.
Q. Did you find any pawnbroker's duplicates. - A. A great number in a bag, and a piece of poplin. I went round with Mrs. Knapp to the different pawnbrokers. The things that were found by the duplicates, are in the possession of the pawnbrokers, who are here.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LISLE
               



            . I am an Upholsterer in New Bond Street.
Q. Had you any occasion during Lord Aylesbury's absence from town, to send any men to his house to work. - A. Yes, the prisoner, Carpenter, was my journeyman,and the two lads are my apprentices. I sent them to the house to do work in June, they worked there three weeks or more. After Lord Aylesbury came to town, I was applied to on the subject of this robbery. I brought the three prisoners to his house.
Q. In consequence of any thing you said to either or both the boys, were you directed to an apartment next to which they sleep. - A. I was directed by Noys to my house, 158, Bond Street, to a room leading to Noy's bed-chamber Noys went with me and pointed out a drawer, which contained some ladies gloves, and a pinchback locket, of small value. They were given to Mrs. Knapp.
Mr. Knapp. These persons at the bar were sent by you to Lord Aylesbury's house - A. Yes.
Q. They were there you said, about three weeks. If they had been so disposed, could not they have taken them at different times. - A. I beg your pardon, Cooper was not with me at that time, Carpenter was there three weeks; and, during that time, these articles might be taken at different times. Carpenter was there at work a day and a half when the boys was not there. I mean this young lad, Noys, he has been with me two years, he deserves a very good character. I was very much astonished that he should have known of it, and not acquainted me of the misconduct of the other.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPARROW
               



            . I am a journeyman to 
               
                  James 
                  Brookes
               



            , Pawnbroker, Paddington. I took in pledge a pearl ring of Carpenter, for ten shillings, it is worth twenty-five or thirty shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOXON
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Dry, South Street, Manchester Square. I have a pair of sugar tongs, pledged on the 13th of August, by a woman of the name of Maria Carpenter, North Street. I lent seven shillings on them.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker. I produce a piece of poplin. I took it in of a woman of the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Carpenter
               



            . I lent twelve shillings on it, and to the same woman, I lent four shillings on two silver tea-spoons.


                  SARAH 
                  KNAPP
               



            . I cannot speak to the gloves, I never missed them. Lady Aylesbury had a ring like this ring. These tea-tongs I cannot say is mine, they were my sister's. I put them in a box, I did not look at them. I lost two tea-spoons. Lady Aylesbury lost some poplin like that, I would not swear to it. The only thing that I can speak to, are the three shifts. Lord Aylesbury's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bruce
               



            , his title is, Earl of Aylesbury.
Carpenter said nothing in his defence, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Noys and Cooper were not put on their defence.
CARPENTER GUILTY, aged 22, 


               of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
NOYS 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
COOPER 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
