





13. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CORRALLY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of October
, a trunk, value 10 s. a pelisse, value 3 l. four gowns, value 4 l. four pair of stockings, value 8 s. and a pair of shoes, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Wilkinson
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a clerk
 to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Humphrey
               



            . I lost this trunk on the 22nd of October.
Q. How did you lose it - A. I sent our porter to Mr. Barber, where the trunk was left with a letter; when he went there, Mrs. Barber said Mrs. Wilkinson had been there, and the trunk had been taken away.


                  JOHN 
                  RYAM
               



            . On the 22nd of October, Mr. Wilkinson sent me with a note to Mr. Barker's, No. 25, Little-saint 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Apostle
               



            ; I saw the prisoner in the street, I asked him to shew me No. 25; he shewed me the house. I shewed Mrs. Barker the note; I said, I would call on my return. I had a great many parcels to deliver at different parts of the town, and as I returned, I called at Mrs. Barker's for the trunk; she said, the little man that was with me had called for the trunk; he said, he would take the trunk over to the wharf. When I went home I enquired, and found nobody had been with it to Mr. Wilkinson. I looked out for the prisoner; the next day I saw the prisoner in College-street, Westminster, I collared him, and told him he must go with me; he walked quietly with me; I took him to Mr. Wilkinson, he ordered me to take him to Mrs. Barker. I am sure the prisoner is the identical man that shewed me the number of the house.
Q. What time Ryan was it - A. A few minutes after five when the prisoner shewed me the house.
MRS. BARKER. I live at 25, Little-saint 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Apostle
               



            . I remember Ryan coming to my door, it was about five o'clock; Ryan, the porter, put the note into my hand; I said, did not you meet Mrs. Wilkinson; he said, no; I said if you are coming back, you may as well take a small trunk to her, she will want it early in the morning; Ryan said aye mistress; then they went away together, down the street; I stood at my door with my child in my arms, and saw them both go down the street. About half an hour after the prisoner came back, he rung the bell, he said, Scotch Jack had sent him for the trunk, he said, he was going further than he expected, and will be late before he comes back, he was going back to the wharf, Mr. Wilkinson desired he would take the trunk.
Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. Yes, I am; I know him by his voice, person, and dress, and every thing. Ryan, the porter, came at eight o'clock; he asked for the trunk; I told him the little man that he sent for it, had taken it away; Ryan said, he had sent no man.

Q. 
            to Ryan. You had never seen him before, had you - A. I did not know him; a great many call me Scotch Jack, perhaps he might catch that. I am quite certain the prisoner shewed me the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw Scotch Jack until he laid hold of me, and took me before the Lord Mayor. I can prove that I was in another part of the town if my witnesses were here.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
