





939. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLOWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of October
, three saws, value 9 s. three squares, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Goss
                        



                     
                  ; three saws, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  ; three saws, value 9 s. and a pair of compasses, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Deakin
                  



               
            .
HENRY GOSS. I am a carpenter
. I work for Mr. Hall, carpenter, at Whesstono. On the 5th of October, I was working at Mr. Hall's shop. I left my tools in the shop at night, and my fellow workmen also. I fastened the doors of the workshop myself that night, with two bolts, and the next morning when we came to our work, the door that I fastened myself was open; a hole was cut through, so as to shove the bolts back. We looked for our tools; they were gone. We came up to Town, and made enquiry at the pawnbrokers, and in Compton-street, Soho, while we were in enquiry at the pawnbroker's a man came in with a basket of tools, and went out again; this was about half after ten. The shopman said, there, a man came in with some tools, he has gone out again; we went out, and saw the prisoner with my basket at his back; I ran after him; he dropped the basket directly I got up to the basket; I fell over the basket. The prisoner ran up a court where there was no thoroughfare; my partners followed the prisoner over the wall, and took him. I secured the basket; it is my basket, and my tools are in it. These are my saws; I can swear they are mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was in Compton-street with my partners at the time. When the prisoner run out, I followed him over the wall, and through a house, and lost sight of him. My partner came round another way, and catched him. I am sure he is the man. Some of my tools are here.


                  DANIEL 
                  DEAKIN
               



            . I am a carpenter. I left my tools in the workshop, at Mr. Hall's. I was at Compton-street; I pursued the prisoner. I came round the house; the prisoner ran through. I got sight of him at the top of the street; I catched him. I am sure he is the same man. Some of my tools are here.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking looking for work; I saw two men with baskets-they each dropped them; I picked them up, and came to London with them, and when I came into London, these men saw me, and recognized their tools. I am a carpenter
.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
