





590. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, fourteen shirts, value 3 l. one hundred and three pair of drawers, value 15 l. six towels, value 6 s. a table cover, value 5 s. a trunk, value 5 s. and a napkin, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Anderton
                        




                     
                  , esq.
 in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  ANDERTON
               



            , ESQ. I live in Baker-street, Portman-square


; I am the owner of that house; it is in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


. The prisoner was my cook
; she had been with me about ten weeks before she absconded; she absconded from my service on the 26th of April; she lived in my service by the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Pearce
               



            . I had no reason to suppose she was married to anybody. I hired her myself is the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Pearce
               



            . I considered her a single woman. I have lost a considerable quantity.
Q. On the day she absconded did you miss a box - A. There were a number of empty boxes in my house that I took no account of. After she was gone I found that I had lost property, and during the time that she was in my service I brought her forward to investigate her conduct. In consequence of this she absconded my service. After the 26th of April I saw my property before the magistrate; they belonged to me.
COURT. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wellington
               



             was not in your service - A. No, he was not. I heard of the person; he did not go by the name of Wellington then. I heard of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wilkins
               



            ; he is the same person. He was four months at my house without my knowledge, as I have been informed. The property that has been stolen from me were supernumerary things; they were kept locked in my wardrobe; I kept the key; it must have been opened by a false key. They could not have got it without the wardrobe had been opened in an improper way.
WILLIAM BOND. I am an officer. On the 25th of June, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, it is at a corner house between Well-street and Margaret-street, Oxford-road. I went up stairs into the bedroom with her; I found this trunk. I have got the key of it. The key was in it. I found fourteen shirts in it, six waistcoats, and three pair of drawers; and behind the tester of the bed I found six towels. I found a great quantity of duplicates. I found them in a man's blue coat between the top of the tester of the said bed. I asked her how she came to take these things from her master; she said she did it on account of the young man, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wellington
               



            ; he was going to sea. I took her into custody, and took her to Bow-street, and took these things with me.
Mr. Pooley. Was not this young man in the room at the time - A. No; I wish he had.
Q. Do you know whether he lodged there - A. I have every reason to believe he was in bed at the time I tapped at the door. All the prosecutor's apparel I brought away from there.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at these shirts - A. They are my shirts; they were extra linen; I had never worn them; the shirts and handkerchiefs are mine. I know the trunk; the trunk was in my house at the time when the prisoner came into my house. I had emptied the trunks into my wardrobe. I am sure this trunk is mine.
COURT. When had you seen any of the linen before the prisoner went away - A. I looked into my wardrobe after the prisoner came into my service; I missed a great quantity of things after she came. I am convinced they were in my wardrobe after she came into my service. I keep two men servants; the men servants do not sleep in the house. My other woman servant is living with me now.
COURT. General 
               Anderton
            , was any wages due to the prisoner when she went away - A. There were four months wages due to her when she went away.
GUILTY, aged 21,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
