





377. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 30th of January
, about the hour of two in the night, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Sharpe
                        



                     
                  , feloniously did steal one coat, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Berry
                        



                     
                  ; a pocket-book, value 6 d. and fifteen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Sharpe
                     



                  ; and that he did afterwards, about the same hour, in the night, burglariously break the said dwelling-house, in order to get out of it
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I keep the Three Suns in South Portman-mews, in Mary-le-bone parish




.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge with you on the 30th of January, - A. Yes. He slept in the same room with me, but not in the same bed. 
               
                  George 
                  Berry
               



             and the prisoner slept in a bed by themselves.
Q. On the morning of the 31st of January did you miss anything - A. I missed a large watch, a small red morrocco pocket-book, and about fifteen or sixteen shillings. I cannot exactly say which. My watch was in my breeches pocket.
Q. Was your house locked up the night before - A. Yes. I was the last person up. The outer door of the house I bolted myself.
Q. How did you find the door in the morning - A. I was not the first person up. I do not know who went out first. There are lodgers in the house. When I awoke, the prisoner was gone.
Q. Have you found any of your things again - A. Yes, I saw my watch and pocket-book yesterday, at Hicks's Hall.
Q. Are you sure you had this watch and pocketbook the night before - A. I wound the watch up the last thing when I went to bed, and my pocketbook I took some notes out of it when I went to bed. I saw my pocket-book. I am quite sure that the prisoner went to bed at the time I did. He had lodged with me about a week.
Q. What is he - A. A groom, out of place.


                  GEORGE 
                  BERRY
               



            . I slept in the same room with the last witness. Mr. Sharpe awoke me about seven o'clock in the morning; the prisoner was then gone.
DAVID BERRY. I slept in the next room.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner go away - A. I heard the door open. I don't know who went out. He went out at the time the watchman went six. It was quite dark then. I heard him go down stairs.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th, the prisoner was detained at Portsmouth. I went there and brought him up. Mr. Williams searched him, and found the watch.
MR. WILLIAMS. I apprehended the prisoner at Portsea for another felony. I searched him, and found a gilt watch and a pocket-book, which I produce.
Prosecutor. This is my watch and pocket-book.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.
GUILTY, aged 40,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of breaking out of the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
