







1464. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BUCKINGHAM
               




            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Webster
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am a solicitor
, and live in Finch-lane, Cornhill. On the 24th of October, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking up Fleet-street


 with a friend, opposite Fetter-lane; the officer came up and asked me if I had lost anything; I immediately missed my handkerchief-it was safe a quarter of an hour before. I had been told that it hung out of my pocket and put it in; the officer told me to follow him - We crossed over - He looked about for two or three minutes, then went up a court; there were three boys dancing and laughing at the end of the court; the prisoners, Wells and Spencer, were two of them; the officer desired me to see that they threw nothing on the ground; he took them into a public-house; I did not see them drop anything, supposing I might not have watched them narrowly enough; I went back to the spot where they had been dancing, and found my handkerchief; I had not left the place more than a minute-there were other boys looking there when I returned - They might have put it there.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I could not have dropped it. I found the handkerchief in Red Lion-court.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am a night-patrol. On the 24th of October, I was in Fleet-street; I was watching the prisoners, Wells and Buckingham, for a quarter of an hour before, they were going towards Temple-bar and met Spencer by Salisbury-court; they stood talking together for five minutes; Mr. Webster and a gentleman passed on that side of the way going towards Temple-bar; the prisoners, Wells and Buckingham, went after him and beckoned to Spencer - He joined them; Wells went to Mr. Webster's pocket and pulled out the handkerchief about five or six inches - They went on a little farther, and opposite Red Lion-court, Buckingham took it quite out; they all ran across the road together; I informed Mr. Webster, and told him to follow me; I hardly knew which way they turned, but I thought it must be up the court; I went up to the top of Red Lion-court, and found them jostling about; I stopped them and took them to a public-house and found nothing on them; Mr. Webster went out and brought in the handkerchief. I had seenthem that evening before for some time and am sure they are the persons.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BUCKINGHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
WELLS-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
SPENCER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
