





600. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May
, two hundred and forty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Burke
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Burke
               



            : he is a sailor
. I keep a chandler's shop. On the 27th of May, three men came into my shop; they asked me if I wanted any wood. I told them, no. They asked me for a halfpenny worth of table-beer. I gave it them. They pulled out a halfpenny. They asked me, if I had any like that. I put the till before them. They began to grasp at the halfpence. I said, do not rob me. I am an alone woman, and I have got a child to maintain. The others made a grasp, and gave them to another, and then they ran away. And the prisoner, he took some of them. I stopped him, and said, he should answer for the whole. They took fourteen or fifteen shillings of halfpence. I only swore to ten shillings, for fear I should do wrong.


                  MARY 
                  FULLER
               



            . I was standing at my own window, which is facing of Mrs. Burke's, these three men came up to her door; they asked her if she wanted any wood. She said, no. They asked for table-beer. One of the men took out a halfpenny; he went in with the other men, and asked her, if she had any halfpence like that, he would give her a penny a piece for them. They grasped at the halfpence, and ran away.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I took the prisoner in custody. He being an old acquaintance of mine, I searched him, and found upon him these cups and balls.
Prisoner's Defence. These lads came in. I did not know them. They asked for halfpence, and presently they went out of the house. She ran, and catched hold of me. I said, she was welcome to stop me. I am innocent of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
