






337. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINGATE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, one bag, value 6d., and 12 quarts of hemp-seed, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Keer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KEER
               



            . I drive the St. Alban's waggon
. On the 29th of December I was going into the Windmill-yard, in St. John-street


 with the waggon, and lost a bag of hempseed out of it. In about five minutes I saw it in the hands of the constable.



                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of December, about one o'clock in the forenoon, I saw the waggon go up the yard-the prisoners were in company together, following it - I was watching them. The waggon turned up the yard, and the prisoners followed it up the gateway before I could get inside the yard. They soon came running out-Wingate had the bag in his apron. I collared him, and told the other he had better stop, for I should soon have him again - I told another person to take him. The bag contained hemp-seed. I am sure they were in company.
THOMAS OKELL. I am a lathrender, and live in St. John-street, opposite the Windmill Inn. I saw the prisoners coming out of the yard-Wingate had the bag in his apron - I took Lee.


                  JOHN 
                  BAGNELL
               



            . I saw the prisoners following the waggon - I stopped Wingate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WINGATE'S Defence. I picked it up.
LEE's Defence. I was on the other side of the way.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WINGATE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
