





654. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     LOVELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
, three straw hats, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Catharine 
                           Wallis
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
CATHARINE WALLIS. I am a widow, I live at 235, Holborn


, in the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-fields; I have a shop there, it is part of my dwelling-house, I keep a straw hat warehouse
. On Saturday, the 4th of August, between eight and nine at night, I saw a man come in my shop, he took something off the counter, I could not see what it was; he was pursued. I did not know what I was robbed of until the hats were brought back.
GEORGE SHONE. On the 4th of August I was in Mrs. Wallis's parlour in conversation with her; I saw some person go out of the shop with some straw bonnets; he was at the door when I saw him; I pursued him and overtook him, he was walking, with two bonnets in one hand and one in the other; I tapped him on the shoulder, and begged that he would walk back with me with those bonnets. When I took hold of him he gave me a violent blow on the cheek, and threw the bonnets, at me; about a minute I was insensible from the blow. I ordered my apprentice to take the bonnets up; I pursued him into Princes-street, he was entangled there by the posts; he said, b - r you, I will stick a knife in your b - y guts. I stopped, and called out, stop thief; he then ran, and I moved on behind him at a distance; a watchman coming by and a woman was knocked down; he ran into Queen-street, I collared him, I never lost sight of him, I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAY
               



            . I picked up these bonnets while Mr. Shone was pursuing him. The prisoner was taken to the watchhouse, and I delivered the bonnets to Mr. Baxter.


                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . The prisoner and the bonnets were brought to the watch-house; I have had them ever since.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
