






343. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOMBS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEALE, alias 
NORMAN





               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, thirteen gallons of rum, value 40 s.
             the property of our Lord 
               
the King




            ; - and
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, laying it to be the property of different persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIPSON
               



            . Q. I believe you are in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Kimpson
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Wright
               



             - A. I am; we are spirit merchants.
Q. In the beginning of March had you any quantity of rum in the bonded warehouse in the West India docks - A. We had; we employed Mr. Drinkall, our lighterman to take some rum from the West India docks, the specific quantity I do not know; they were put on board a ship in the river intended for exportation.


                  JOHN 
                  DRINKALL
               



            , JUNIOR. I am in partnership with my father, 
               
                  John 
                  Drinkall
               



            , we are lightermen.
Q. Were you employed by Messrs. Kimpson and Company to take a quantity of rum on board a ship in the river - A. We were, the name of the lighter was the Jonathan


, and that lighter is the property of myself and father.


                  RICHARD 
                  BETTS
               



            . I am an excise guager.
Q. On the 4th of March did you deliver any rum from the bonded warehouse to a lighter - A. I did, forty five puncheons to Messrs. Kimpson's lighter.
Q. Was there an excise watchman when you put them on board - A. Yes, 
               
                  William 
                  Corp
               



            .
Q. Were the casks all full - A. All full, with the exception of two half pint samples taken out of each.
Q. Give me the guage of the casks - A. No. 2, when full, contained one hundred and thirteen gallons; No. 3, one hundred and twelve; No. 6, one hundred and thirteen; No. 8, one hundred and fourteen; No. 11, one hundred and fifteen; and the other one hundred and nineteen; these were the quantities that were in each cask, barring a pint. I guaged the puncheons myself, and I did not observe any spills in the puncheons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORP
               



            . I am an established watchman of the Excise.
Q. On the 4th of March had you any quantity of rum delivered to you in charge by Mr. Betts - A. I had forty-five puncheons delivered to me by him in charge between three and four in the afternoon, they were in the Jonathan craft, belonging to Mr. Drinkall; I had the care of them for the excise; Hughes and Groves got them out of the Dock into the bason; they were both there in care for the owner or lighterman, I cannot saw which; I was there from four till seven, then I resigned my charge to 
               
                  William 
                  Barr
               



            , an extra watchman of the Excise; he relieved me at that time, I saw him go on board. Groves and Hughes left the lighter; when they brought it into the bason; I went on duty the next morning, abouthalf past eight o'clock I found Barr on duty, I hailed him, he came to me, I have never seen him since.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am Inspector of the Excise watch.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Barr
               



             - A. I do, he was an extra watchman of the excise, on the 3d and 4th of March.
Q. Had he the charge given him of any rum - A. He had, on board the Jonathan, Mr. Drinkall's barge.
Q. Was any thing due to Barr on the 4th of March - A. There is something due to him now, he has absconded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALLETT
               



            . I am foreman to the gates and bridges at Limehouse gate. On the evening of the 4th of March I was on duty, I saw the Jonathan in the bason, she went out of the bason into the river, rather after nine o'clock; she went to the pier-head and remained there till half past ten; I saw no more of her; there was no other barge laying near the pier-head. At half past ten it was slack water, the other craft had gone with the flood tide.


                  GEORGE 
                  COVEY
               



            . I am a watchman in the service of the customs. On the 4th of March I went on duty in the docks at four in the afternoon I was stationed by the searchers office on the morning of the 5th a little after twelve; I came to the bridge, I saw four men upon the pier-head, they were running to and fro; afterwards I saw two of the four go into a craft, and shove the craft off, and one of the two that were left went underneath the bridge. Barber had seen part of this transaction, he was gone for assistance, and they pushed off the craft.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am an officer of the customs. On the 4th of March a few minutes before twelve, I was on duty watching the dock, I went over this bridge, I saw four persons on the pier-head, in a craft, they seemed to be busy engaged, it was a moon-light night, I met Covey at the foot of the bridge; I then went for assistance; in my course to the pier-head I met Ellis, Robinson, and Hanover; we went through a narrow passage, I saw two men on the pier-head, about twenty or thirty feet from the Thames; one of the men I saw is Coombs; I asked them what they were doing, a voice answered nothing; they came towards us, and we advanced towards them; I then asked them what they were, and what business they had there at that hour of the night; they made no reply; myself and Robinson went to the spot where they came from, there we found these eleven bladders containing thirteen gallons of rum, the black bags, four empty bladders, and pump and a claw hammer; we took Coombs, I asked him who he was; he made no reply. The other man ran away round the pier head, into a timber yard, and I lost sight of him. We took Coombs into the guard house, and I lodged him in the care of the serjeant of the guards; Coombs said in the guard-house that he was a taylor, that he came there after a bill that Rawlinson owed him. On Friday night, the 8th of March, Eddis and myself were going down on duty to the West India Docks, we met the prisoner Neale.
Q. You, I believe, did not know him - A. No, I did not; Ellis knew him, he said he was the person that made his escape from us the over night, he immediately took him by the collar, I assisted, and as we were conducting him to the guard-house on a sudden he twisted and got away from us; I ran after him, he ran about forty or fifty yards before I overtook him. We secured Neale.
Q. You told me at the time that you first saw the four men at the pier-head that there was a craft laying there - A. Yes, and when I got down to the pier-head it was gone.


                  CHARLES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am an extra excise watchman.
Q. On the night of the 4th of March did Barber come to you for assistance - A. Yes, I went with him to the pier-head, I met with these two men, one we took, Neale escaped. I am quite positive Neale was the man that escaped.
Q. You have heard the account given by Barber of finding the bladders - A. Yes, I was present all the time.
Q. On the 4th of March how near were you to Neale when you saw him - A. I was quite close, so as to see him; I was within a yard; I have known him four or five years; I am quite positive about him. I saw him again with another man near the Royal Oak, on the Thursday night, I did not stop him then. On the Friday I saw him, Barber was with me, we took him in Mr. Curling's ship yard; I laid hold of him by the collar, I said, here he is, this is the man that made his escape; Neale said, what do you want with me, I have nothing at all about me. I took him towards the dock premises, he gave a twist and ran away; Mr. Barber ran after him, and caught him, he then made resistance; we took him about six score yards before we handcuffed him.
Q. Is the pier-head enclosed - A. It is enclosed within the boundary wall.
Q. Could any person except your watchman be there at that time of night for any honest purpose - A. No, not for any good.
Q. You saw the pumps and bladders that were found - A. Yes, they are things that are made use of for the purpose of plunder.
Mr Andrews. Do I understood you that you went with Barber to the pier-head - A. No, not quite to the pier-head; we found Coombs by the machine that grinds mortar; he was within seven yards and a half where the liquor laid; I stood by Coombs, he could not get away.


                  JOHN 
                  HANOVER
               



            . I am one of the constables of the West India docks. On the 4th of March, at twelve o'clock at night, Ellis came and gave me some information. I went with him and Robinson through the little passage towards the pier head. When I came to the pier head I saw two men, they were about twelve yards from me, they ran towards us.
Q. Were there any other escape for them than coming by you - A. I did not know of any at that time. Barber asked them what they were doing, they said, nothing. And at the place where they came from was the place where the liquor was afterwards found.
Q. How far was the place where the liquor was found from the place where you found them - A. About five or six yards; one of the men was the prisoner Coombs, the other man took to his heels and run; I know nothing about him; I found nothing onCoombs but a common knife; Coombs was taken to the Guard house, and these things were found upon the pier of the West India Dock in their possession.
Mr. Andrews. Coombs did not attempt to run - A. He did not; we stood by him.
Q. You told my friend that you did not know there was a way for a person to escape - A. There was then, but I did not know it, it is made secure now.
Q. How could a man get away from the pier-head into the timber-yard - A. There had been a fence, and part of the fence had been broken down; I never observed it before.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an established Excise watchman. On the 4th of March I was applied to by Ellis to go and assist Barber; I went with him to the pier-head, I observed two men standing up by the wall, where these goods were afterwards found; upon going on the pier head they came towards us slowly; Mr. Barber asked them what they were doing, one of the men said, nothing; Coombs was taken in custody; I and Barber went to look to see if we could find any thing, I called to Hanover that we had found the goods, and upon my calling out one of the men run towards the fence, that divides Mr. Curlings premises from the dock; no person could get in there that was a stranger; I went with Coombs to the guard room, I asked him if he belonged to the revenue; he said, no, he was an extra tide waiter, he had the misfortune to lose it; he said he came down to the pier-head to get a bill of seventeen shillings and sixpence of a man of the name of Rawlinson. I know a gentleman of the name of Rawlinson, a lighterman, I cannot say whether it is the same. There is no house on the pier head.
Q. Had you the curiosity to go and see the place by which the man escaped - A. I did; he escaped round the corner of the post.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a surveyor employed by the Excise board.
Q. Did you go the next day after this for the purpose of ascertaining whether there was any deficiency of the rum - A. I did. I went on the 5th, and the deficiency was eight gallons in six casks, on board the Jonathan; I found spills in the bulge of the casks, which were for the purpose of drawing the liquor out. I made allowance for the samples.
Coomb's Defence. I have lived to near sixty years of age, I dely man or mortal to say, Coombs, you have done wrong in your life. Were I upon my death bed I would take my oath of my innocence. At the watchhouse I offered to strip myself, they said there was no need of that, they had rumaged me close enough.
Neale's Defence. On Monday night, from the hour of nine to twelve at night, I was in Whitechapel, at the Yorkshire Grey, public house, attending there as waterman. When I was taken by these men I had been down to the Isle of Dogs to get a job, coming home I was stopped by them.
Coombs called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
COOMBS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 60.





               Confined Two Years in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

NEALE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
