





701 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, five scarfs, value 9 l. two manteliers, value 8 l. four hundred and thirty yards of ribbon, value 8 l. a bank note, value 2 l. and seven one-pound bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a British lace manufacturer
, at No. 23, Wood Street.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGINS
               



            . I am a servant in the warehouse where this robbery was committed; about half past eleven I was alarmed by a noise of somebody breaking open of locks, I got out of bed and put some of my clothes on, I went to the window, I saw a glimmering light, and afterwards I saw two persons descending the stairs, I followed them, when I got to the bottom of the passage by the door, the men stopped, one of them said somebody was coming, they both made out of the door, one of them stopped at the corner of Maiden Lane and very near knocked me down, one of the men was close to me that came out of the house, he began to run, I followed him calling stop thief, to Falcon Square, and there two watchmen stopped him.
Q. Who was that man. - A. The prisoner.
Q. Are you sure that he is one that came out of the house. - A. I am sure that he is one that came out of the house, I never lost sight of him.
Q. Was any of the property found. - A. Yes, I was coming back to the house to put on my shoes and stockings, we found a bag containing the articles mentioned in the indictment, it was found in Maiden Lane where the man nearly knocked me down, I gave the bag to the constable of the night.
- I am a constable in Falcon Square. Near twelve o'clock the lad called stop thief, I catched the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it, they found no property about me, nor did any one see me throw any thing away, I was not near the house, no higher than Maiden Lane.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
