





309. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WESTLEY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, one watch, value 10l.; one chain, value 1l.; and 3l. 10s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Andrews
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a surveyor
, and live in Herefordshire. I came to London on the 11th of December. I was going to Guildford. I spent my evening in Fleet-market, and parted with my friend a little after nine o'clock, I met the prisoner in Holbron, my watch was safe when I met her, it was near ten o'clock; I went home with her to Charles-street, Drury-lane


. I had a three shilling piece in my pocket when I met her, and two guineas, and a half-guinea, and a seven shilling piece in my purse. I gave her the three shilling piece, and she went out to fetch some refreshment. I fell asleep while she was gone, and when she came back I awoke, I fell asleep again almost immediately. I had put my watch under my pillow. I awoke in the middle of the night, and found myself alone, and my watch gone, and my pocket-book right; I felt my purse and found something in it, which I thought was my gold. When day-light came, I searched again for my watch, but could not find it. I went next door to the master of the house, who said, she had not lodged there before that night. She had left one shilling in the room, which he took for the rent - I went away; and when I got to the top of the court, I found two or three Roman coins in my purse instead of my guiueas. I described the prisoner to the constable and he took her. I found the watch in pawn in the name of Corn; I am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Toftenham-court-road. I took the watch in pledge from 
               
                  William 
                  Corn
               



            , on the 14th of December, for 1l. 10s.
WILLIAM CORN. I live at Cambden Town. I am a gardener. I received the watch from the prisoner, she gave it to me on a Saturday night. I afterwards went out and saw the prisoner very much intoxicated; I took her to my house; she shewed me two guineas and a half-guinea; she would not leave my house in the morning; she asked me to go and change one of the guineas; she said, they were her own; she was in liquor. She slept at our house the next night; she gave me the watch to pledge, and said it was her husband's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRY
               



            . I received information of the robbery, on the 15th of December, I traced the prisoner at Corn's-house, they said she was gone; I went up stairs and found her there, and took her into custody. I asked her, what she had done with the watch, she said, she had not seen it. I apprehended Corns, and he was admitted as an evidence.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the guinea; I never had the watch. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
