






736. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, sixteen deals, and thirteen battens
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Dowville
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a lighterman, and was employed by Messrs. Dowville and Co. to carry a cargo of deals and battens, from Blackwall, to Brentford. On the 9th of June I was obliged to moor off Strand-lane


; I went away that night, and in the morning there were sixteen deals, value four pounds, and thirteen battens, value two pounds, gone; I saw them the next morning at Bow-street, and knew them to be taken from my cargo.
WILLIAM RUTHBEM. I am a patrole. On the morning of the 9th of June, about four o'clock, I was watching the prisoners conversing together, and I saw 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



             cross the Strand twice with a deal on his shoulder; I watched them close; George, the other prisoner followed up, and I saw them put the deals by a butchers shop; and as they were coming back, I met them both; I took hold of William, and asked them how they came by those deals; William said he found them in the River; George at that time said nothing. I took them both into custody.
(The deals produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM DAVIS GUILTY, aged 23.
GEORGE DAVIS GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 39. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
