





547. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Batt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BATT
               



            . On the 11th of May, as I was coming towards Newgate-street


, in the middle of the day, a person tapped me on the shoulder, and said you have been robbed; I saw the man running on, across Cheapside; I put my hand to my pocket, and found that my pocket-handkerchief was gone; having some property about me I was greatly alarmed. A person in court pushed the prisoner, and took hold of him until I came up. On my coming up I took hold of the prisoner, and told him that he had got my handkerchief; he held out the handkerchief; I took it out of his hand; he was then taken to the Poultry Compter.


                  JOHN 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I was coming along Newgate-street, in company with another man. As I turned my head round the handkerchief was stolen. The prisoner put his hand into the pocket of a gentleman A person came to me, and said he has done it. I saw the handkerchief in his hand; I said he has. I then pursued the prisoner, and caught him in the Old-change.
Prisoner's Defence. I told the gentleman that I picked the handkerchief up.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHEESEMAN
               



            . Mr. Batt gave charge of the prisoner. I searched him, and found this handkerchief, independant of the handkerchief he took of Mr. Batt. This is the handkerchief I received of Mr. Batt.
Prosecutor. That is my handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
