





501. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, two window curtains, value 3l.; five carpets, value 16s.; two blankets, value 8s.; one quilt, value 6s.; and four chairs, value 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .
JAMES STEWART. I live in Park-street, Grosvenor-square. I have two houses-one in Baker-street


, and the other in Berkeley-square


, which I let out ready furnished-the prisoner had the care of them. On the 17th of January, the window-curtains belonging to Berkeley-square were brought to my house; in consequence of what I heard, I went to my house in Berkeley-square, and missed three carpets, a blanket a quilt, and four chairs-the prisoner was taken up two hours afterwards. The next day, I went to my house in Baker-street, and missed two carpets. I went to the prisoner's house with a search-warrant, and found the property there. I had a threatened the prisoner about the curtains, and at night they were sent to me in a parcel.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Clarke
               



             lived in the house before the prisoner had the care of it - He has been employed by me eighteen months. Wilmot brought the parcel-it was wet when I opened it. I never lent the prisoner any furniture.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 17th of January, I apprehended the prisoner. I told him what I took him for - He denied it. On the Monday, I went with a search-warrant to his house, and found two carpets in his loft-the prisoner said it was his house. Mr. Stewart was with me. I then went to No. 4, Bury-street, St. James's, and found three carpets and four chairs-they were laid down as the furniture of the room, and a quiltand two blankets on the bed. I knew this was also the prisoner's house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
-WILMOT. Mrs. Stewart sent me to take down the curtains - I found they were taken down before I got there. I took a bundle to Mr. Stewart's house - I saw the prisoner put curtains into that bundle-It was not out of my sight till I delivered it.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Stewart gave me the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
