





572. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  THORNTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Taylor
                     




                  , one pocket-book, value 1d., and one 1l. bank note, his property
            .
THOMAS TAYLOR. I am a tailor
. On the 7th of March, about two o'clock in the morning. I was in Fleet-street


, returning home - I had been out with a shopmate, and had been drinking a pot of beer, three or four glasses of punch, and three or four glasses of wine, at the Cock and Magpie - I was intoxicated - I had my pocket-book in my pocket; I do not know when I lost it. I remember very well coming as far as Ludgate-hill. My friends left me between Fleet-market and Shoe-lane - I went on. I appeared very drunk all at once; the watchman laid hold of me - I left him, went over the way, and fell against a door. I do not know how I lost my property. I heard the rattles sprung.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Dunstan's. Soon after half-past one o'clock, I was standing at the corner of Fleur-de-lis court, and saw the prisoner, and another man in company pass me, another man followed them, after that the prosecutor came up. He made a sudden start across the street, and fell into a door-way at the corner of Mitre-court


. The prisoner, and the other two, immediately ran towards him, as if to assist him, but I saw they wanted to rob him. The prisoner was in the middle of the two. He placed himself on one knee, and began rifling the prosecutor's pockets. I saw him take his right hand from the prosecutor's pocket, and put something into his right-hand coat-pocket-his hand was immediately applied a second time. I ran across-the prisoner jumped up and ran away, seeing me near him; I called to Wade to stop him. He then threw several papers of no value out of his hand. Wade tried to stop him, the prisoner struck him in the stomach - He fell. I took the prisoner immediately. Wade recovered himself, and came to my assistance. The prisoner put his hand into his right-hand coat-pocket - I kept it there, to see what he had until I got him to the watch-house. The officer there took the pocket-book out of his pocket. He threw five duplicates out of his pocket, which fell on a bench in the watchhouse. He then said, if he could have taken the life of either of us two b-gg-rs he could have died happily for us. He was sent to the Compter.


                  JAMES 
                  WADE
               



            . I am a watchman. Davis called to me to stop the prisoner, who was running across Fleet-street. When I got up to him and stopped him, he knocked me down, I entangled myself with his coat as I fell-Davis came to my assistance. The prisoner put his hand into his right-hand coat-pocket, we kept it there till we got him to the watch-house. I found the pocket-book - A few duplicates were found on the bench, the prosecutor claimedthem. The prisoner said, he should have died happily if he had taken our lives.
Prisoner. Q. Have you not been transported from this bar - A. Yes, for seven years, in 1806.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 7th of March, about half-past one o'clock, the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, charged with the robbery. They searched him, and found the pocket-book in his pocket. The prosecutor was intoxicated. I asked him what it contained? he said a 1l. note, five duplicates, and a receipt for 7l., which were found in it, except the duplicates, which he threw on the bench.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. 




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
