





102. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, one sack, value 4 s. and three bushels of onions, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Abbott
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am a salesman at Covent-Garden market




. I had nine sacks of onions packed together. I lost one sack. The prisoner is a porter in the market
.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 21st of November, about one o'clock in the morning, a watchman in Brownlow-street called to me, and said a man was going down the Coal-yard with a sack. I went and overtook the prisoner, asked what he had got in the sack? He said it was waste onions, that he was going to take to hismaster's stable in the Coal-yard. The patrol came up, and asked who his master was? He said it was Mr. Stockbridge. He dropped the sack, and we took him to the watch-house.


                  DENNIS 
                  ASHWORTH
               



            . I am a patrol of Covent-Garden. On the 21st of November, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner crossing the street with a sack, just by where they were taken from. I asked him what it was? He said it was onions, that he was going to take them to his master's stable, and if he did not take them home, he should not get his wages. Knowing he worked in the market, I let him go.


                  JOHN 
                  DENZELL
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Giles's. Crawley called me. I found the prisoner in the Coal-yard. He tried to get away, and dropped the onions.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
