






605. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CALLAGAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EPHRAIM 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of June
, from the person of Thomas King, a watch, value 10 s. nineteen shillings, and four one pound banknotes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           King
                        




.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . I am purser's steward
 of his Majesty's sloop of war the banner. On the 25th of June I fell in with the woman prisoner in St. Giles's. I went with her to her lodgings. During the time I was with her I sent for something to drink; I got intoxicated. I laid down upon the bed, and when she found I was asleep she robbed me of my watch, and four pound nineteen shillings.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find your property again - A. The constable found four pound and the duplicate of the watch; the man pawned the watch.
Q. Did you see the man there - A. Yes, he was in the room and drank with us. When I awoke from my sleep I missed my watch and money, the man was gone, I asked the woman where was my watch and money. She told me that she had given it to this man, and when the man came in I asked him for the watch; he said he knew nothing about it. I asked him for the money; he held the purse up, he said, touch it if you dare. I went to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Skeith
               



            , desired her to get me a constable, she did.
Q. What time of the day was this - A. Between ten and eleven. As soon as the constable apprehended the man, he found three one-pound notes; I found the duplicate of the watch in the prisoner's room in Church-lane, they both lived together; the man brought up a new pair of shoes and laid them down, I took the duplicate out of one of the shoes and found it was mine.
MR. SKEITH. I live in the same house with the prisoners No. 3, Church-street, St. Giles's


; they have the back room and live together. I have the front room. I saw this young man lay on the bed, and the woman prisoner sat on the side of the bed. I saw her pick his pocket of his watch and money, she gave it to the man prisoner, he is a shoemaker.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am an office. On the 25th of June the prosecutor and a young woman came to me and gave me a duplicate of a watch. I went to the house the man was not there; I apprehended the woman in the room, and in bringing her to the watchhous, I saw the man, with a purse in his hand, he was giving it to a woman; I took him in custody, I took him to the watch-house; he was searched, in his pocket there was two dollars; two shillings, and two sixpences, and three one-pound notes; in the purse, a dollar and two shillings. I went to the pawnbroker's with the duplicate of the watch, it was produced.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; this is the watch, I took it in of Ephraim Wilson.
Prosecutor. The watch and the purse is mine.
Wilson's Defence. The woman is not guilty oflaid to her charge, it is me that is guilty of the whole.
CALLAGHAN, 

               GUILTY
            .
WILSON, 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
