





936. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     EBDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of July
, a quilt, value 4 s. a sheet, value 18 d. a candlestick, value 6 d. a bed-tick, value 5 s. a tea-kettle, value 2 s. a set of bed-furniture, value 2 s. a shovel, value 3 d. and a pair of tongs, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cray
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  ANN 
                  CRAY
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Cray
               



            ; I live in Charles-street, Wapping-wall


. I let one room ready furnished to the prisoner at four shillings and sixpence a week; she came in on the 2nd of July; she continued in it until the 17th of July; she went away in the morning; she paid me one week's rent; I got an officer to break open the door; when I went in I missed the curtains of the bed, the bed-tick; the feathers were scattered about. I missed two blankets, one sheet, a pillow, two pillow-cases, the quilt of the bed, a tea-kettle, candlestick, shovel, and tongs.
Q. Did you find your things again - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant to Mr. Flemming, Whitechapel. I produce a tea-kettle, a candlestick, pillow, and a blanket; I took them in pawn of a woman. I don't know the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  SULLIDGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 128, in the Minories. I produce a blanket, two pillowcases, shovel, tongs, and a bed-tick; I do not know who pawned them.
MR. WILDMAN. I was a pawnbroker in Cannon-street-road. I produce a quilt pawned for four shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  PAWLEY
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Barker, Commercial-road. I produce a tent-furniture, pawned by the prisoner, on the 16th of July.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody; I found these ten duplicates on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not pledge them with intent to defraud. My husband is on board the Shannon Frigate. I meaned to replace them when I got my husband's money.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
