





542. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, two seals, value 30 s. and a gold ring, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a footman
 in the service of the Countess Dowager of Pembroke. On Tuesday the 26th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming up St. James's-street


; there was a crowd collected seeing some children dancing opposite of White's hotel. I turned off the pavement to pass them. I turned round to look at the children. There was no crowd about me. I had not been in that place two minutes when I heard a pair of scissars snap. My seal and ring were fastened to the watch by a ribbon I instantly perceived my watch-ribbon was cut. I catched hold of the prisoner; he dropped the ribbon and scissars between his two feet. There was nobody near enough to do the act but himself. A gentleman assisted me in taking him to the watchhouse.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I live with Mr. Willis, a fishmonger, in the Strand. I was coming by St. James's-street, I stopped to see the children dancing; I saw the prisoner by the side of the prosecutor. I saw him drop the scissars, ribbon, and seal. I did not see what he did with the scissars. There were no other boys near him nor the gentleman.
JOHN KNIGHT. I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner. I produce the ribbon, seal, and ring.
Prosecutor. It is my seal, ring, and ribbon.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
