





121. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EMANUEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, a box, value 5 s. and three hundred and nine yards and a half of muslin, value 31 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GASKIN
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            , at the Bull and Mouth Inn. On this day week, we were delivering some trusses at No. 40, Coleman-street


, I observed our waggon beset by two men, I saw a man take the chain horse away, instead of letting it follow the waggon; it was a quarter before six in the evening; it was quite dark; as soon as we stopped the waggon and went after the horse I saw the prisoner get up into the waggon, he stripped the straw off with his left hand and seized the box with his right hand. When I saw him heaving the box from the bottom of the waggon I attacked him at the time that he had fast hold of it.
Q. Had you loaded the waggon - A. Yes, and he had completely removed it from the bottom where I had packed it; he removed it edgeways; there was a parcel on this side, and that which kept it tight.
Q. Now had he only moved it that any part of the trunk remained on the bottom of the waggon - A. No, it did not, it rested upon the other trusses, it was jammed in between the two. I do not think any part of the trunk touched the bottom of the waggon. I seized the prisoner, and held him untill I called my fellow servant; he got an officer, and then I took him to the Compter.
Q. What part of the country had this come from - A. From Glasgow in Scotland; I was then on the delivery of it.


                  JAMES 
                  DOWTER
               



            . I am clerk to the Inn. Mr. Willan receives the cartage for that package exclusive of the carriage. His name is 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            .
Q. Was that package in the course of delivery on the 11th - A. Yes, it was; the charge of the porterage is sixpence. That is one of the packages that was in that cart.
- . Q. Were you in expectation of that package - A. Yes, it belongs to 
               
                  John 
                  Vickers
               



             and Company. This is the invoice it contained three hundred and nine yards of muslin, the charge is thirty one pounds fifteen shillings, the value of the box five shillings.
Prisoner. I want to ask Gaskin whether he took me out of the waggon, or was I on the pavement before he took me.
Gaskin. I took you off the wheel.
COURT. Have you any doubt that he is the man that you took off the wheel of the waggon - A. No, I have not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
