





45. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MACARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, five 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cole
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS COLE. I am bailiff
 to Mr. Crowley. On the 28th of November, I was passing along Oxford-street, about ten o'clock at night; at the end of Portman-street the prisoner came up to me, she asked me to go with her; I told her I would not go with her. I was going home to Paddington; she followed me to Paddington. I turned down Edgeware-road


; she wanted me to treat her; I pushed her from me two or three times. She put her hand about my body; I had my hand out of my pocket. When I pushed her from me, I did not observe her hand in my pocket. It struck me that she had taken something from me when I saw her run from me, and within two or three minutes afterwards I missed my purse from out of my right hand breeches pocket; my purse contained a five-pound bank note, two two-pound bank notes, and thirteen ones. When I missed my purse the prisoner was entirely out of my sight; I then went to the watchhouse, and gave information to the officers of the night.
Q. When did you afterwards see the prisoner - A. The next morning, about twelve o'clock, I saw her in the street near where she lodged.
Q. Now, look at the prisoner - A. I am sure she is the woman. I saw some of my notes found in the prisoner's box, in her room; the prisoner owned the box.


                  JOHN 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I am a constable. On Sunday night, between ten and eleven, the prosecutor came to me at the watchhouse; he described the prisoner to me. I found her in Puckeridge-street. Newitt, the prosecutor, Cole, and I, were together standing in Puckeridge-street; the prisoner came along, the prosecutor pointed towards the prisoner, and said that is the woman; we took hold of her, and brought her to Marlborough-street, and locked her up. We obtained a search warrant; we went to Church-lane with the warrant. I learned by the officer of the night that she lived there and it proved to be correct. We found in her box five one-pound notes. Newitt, and the prosecutor were with me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWITT
               



            . I produce the notes; I took them out of the box.
Q. You went to a room which you supposed to be occupied by the prisoner - A. We did, where her box was found. I opened the box with a pocket, in the presence of the last witness, and the prosecutor.I found five one-pound notes; I have had them ever since.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. Yes. She came out of that house directly we went there.
Q. to Prosecutor. You say there were thirteen one-pound bank notes - A. Yes.
Q. Can you describe the numbers upon any one of the bank notes - A. I can describe the marks upon five of these notes were P. Green, 1127, and the notes produced by the officer have P. Green, 1127, upon three of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORIENSHEW
               



            . I am agent to Crowley and Co. Canal-carriers. The three notes marked P. Green and Co. I paid them to the prosecutor; I wrote P. Green and Co. 1127, on Saturday, the 27th of November.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave me three one-pound notes; after we had been drinking at the public-house together, he asked me how many notes he had given me; I said, three. He said, one was enough, if I did not give him two of them back again he would have me in Newgate. I am a stranger in the country.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Watson.
