





448. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTTONSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, a watch, value 2 l. and two seals, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 19th of March, between eight and nine at night, I was in Fleet Street


; my friend and me were returning home. I said to my friend shall we ride home. He said, Ido not mind if I do; I will go and ask the fare. My friend stepped off the pavement to ask the fare. A genteel young man stepped up, and took me by the right arm; he asked me if I wanted a coach, and drawed my watch instantly. I then said to my friend, Willoughby, I am robbed of my watch; he he made me no answer; they both disappeared.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLOUGHBY
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Miller. When I stepped off the pavement Miller called me, and said he was robbed of his watch. I saw a young man run directly from him, that was the prisoner. I followed him through Fleet-street into Fetter-lane. He was stopped; I am sure the prisoner is the man. I followed; I desired the constable to take him into custody, and to be particular that he did not let any thing fall.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the cry of stop thief. I stopped the prisoner; a person came up and gave me charge of him. I conveyed him to the watchhouse with difficulty. On taking the prisoner into the watch-house he squatted down on his bottom; I put my hand down to help him up round his waist; I found in his hand the watch ribbon. I took the watch from him; the prisoner denied all knowledge of the watch and seals some of the young men about the watchhouse said, they had seen the ribbon hang out of the prisoner's breeches. A search was made for the seals; the ribbon and seals were found in the constable's chair, close by the fire place; the prosecutor came into the watch-house, and owned the watch and seals; I produce the watch and seals.
Prosecutor. That is my watch and seals.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home from Kennington, and coming along Fleet Street there was a mob; I went to see what was the cause of this mob; I then proceeded towards my home; I heard the cry of stop thief. This gentleman came up and said, I was the person that had robbed him of his watch; I was then dragged to the watchhouse; I told them I had not robbed any one of his watch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18,




               Transported for life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
