





95. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, four shirts, value 10 s. a waistcoat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Such
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  SUCH
               



            . I am a widow. I take in washing
.
Q. Were these things delivered to you to wash. - A. Yes. I was answerable for the property. I lost the articles on the 18th of October. I hanged the clothes out to dry in the garden. The things were there at five o'clock in the afternoon. Between six and seven I went to take them in; they were gone. My garden joins a cotton manufactory, and is separated by a wall. I suppose seven or eight feet high. I knew the things when I saw them.


                  MARY 
                  WELLS
               



            . I keep a green-shop in long-alley. On the 18th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my house; he asked me if Mrs. Steven's was at home? he had a bundle containing linen. He asked me to let him leave the bundle there till the next morning? I did not see any more of him until I saw him at Hatton Garden Office.
Q. You looked into the bundle, did not you. - A. Yes, I carried the bundle up to Worship-street Office.


                  RICHARD 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . On the 19th of October I advanced three shillings on a waistcoat to the prisoner. I am certain he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 17th or 18th of October, I went to the house of the green-grocer. George Boulton came by, told me he was going to his club in Bishopsgate-street. He asked me if I would take the bundle, which I agree. He also took off his waistcoat, and asked me to pawn it, which I did. On that evening I was taken up for assaulting a man, for which I was confined in prison sixteen days, and when I came out I was accused of robbing a laundress. The laundress desired my mother to go to Long-alley, and bring the articles. My mother went and found that the green-grocer had delivered the articles to the officer in Worship-street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
