







868. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     SPLAIN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     FITZGERALD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 56lbs. of soap, value 2l. 6s.; 48lbs. of candles, value 2l. 3s., and one basket, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fisher
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hopkins
                  



               
            .
JOSEPH FISHER. I am a tallow-chandler

, in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Hopkins
               



            ; we live in St. John-street. On the 16th of April the prisoner, Eleanor Nicholls, came to our shop about seven o'clock in the evening, said she had taken a small house, No. 15, Peter-street, to open a chandler's-shop, and ordered the things stated in the indictment, which came to 4l. 11s. They were to be paid for on delivery. She called herself Mrs. Ellen; she wasabout ten minutes with me. I have a very strong belief that she is the person, but I will not swear to her. I sent Morris with the goods, and ordered him not to leave them without the money.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am the prosecutors' servant. Between seven and eight o'clock that evening, I went to No. 15, Peter-street


, with the goods which Nicholls ordered. I am sure she is the woman, I was in the shop at the time. When I got there she and two other women were there. I delivered the goods to her. There was nothing but a few greens in the shop. I gave Nicholls the bill-the other two women were, I believe, present, but cannot be certain as to their persons. Nicholls looked at the bill, and one of the others also looked at it. Nicholls told me to take out the goods - I told her I did not like to take them out until I had got the money - She said she had no money with her, but that her husband would soon come in. I waited a few minutes; she sent one of the women to him - She returned and said he would be there soon. I waited there a quarter of an hour, but he did not come. She sent again; the woman returned, and said Nicholls's husband was very busy, writing at a club, and if I would go there with Nicholls he would pay me. I went with her, and took the bill and receipt, leaving the basket and goods behind. I refused to go at first, she said it was not far. She took me to a public-house near the street. She asked if Mr. Ellen was there? the servant told her to inquire at the bar-the landlord said he knew nothing of him. She went out, and I went back with her to Peter-street, found the shop shut up, and the door open. I thought she went into the shop, instead of which she ran out the back way, and got from me-the goods and the two women were likewise gone. I called out, nobody answered me. About a fortnight after I saw her in custody, and am sure she is the woman. I will not be certain of the others.
NICHOLLS'S Defence. He is mistaken.
NICHOLLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SPLAIN-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
FITZGERALD-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
