





986. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     REILLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of October
, one piece of printed cotton, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shew
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SHEW
               



            . I am an upholsterer
. The prisoner was my porter
. On the 2nd of October, nine pieces of calico or printed cotton were brought to my house by my orders. The following morning, the prisoner did not come to open the shop as usual, and I was obliged to open it myself, between seven and eight o'clock. At breakfast, a woman came and told me 
               
                  Michael 
                  Reilly
               



             was in the watchhouse, and wished to see me I went to the watchhouse, and asked him what brought him there; and then I learned that he had been stopped at the pawnbroker's with my cotton; and then, on examining, I missed one piece.


                  JAMES 
                  HEARN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 3rd of October, the prisoner attempted to pawn this piece of cotton; he wanted twenty-five shillings on it. By the account he gave of it, I thought he could not have come honestly by it; I told him, I would send my boy with him to know where he got it. I told my boy to tell the watchman to take him into custody, and take him to the watchhouse immediately. It may be worth about two shillings a yard, and I don't think it is worth forty shillings; though I dare say it cost more.

Prosecutor. That is my calico; it cost me four shillings and sixpence a yard; but perhaps it is not worth so much; great houses charge high for fashion. I had rather say it is not quite worth forty shillings.




               GUILTY
            , aged 24,
Of stealing to the amount of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
