






277. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STOKER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John Edward 
                           Acres
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four in the afternoon, on the 15th of March
 (the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Edward Acres
                     



                   being therein), and feloniously stealing two gold seals, value 20 s. a pair of ear-rings, value 10 s. and two gold rings, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Edward Acres
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD ACRES
               



            . I live at No. 6, High-street, Kensington


; I am a silversmith
; my shop is part of my dwelling-house. On the 15th of March, a little after four o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting in my parlour at the back of my shop; some persons came into my shop, and gave me information that my shop window was cut. I went to the window; I perceived one of my panes of glass had been cut or starred. There was a hole sufficient to get them articles out, not sufficient to put any hand in; I perceived the tray where we put the things inside of the window had been pulled about; I missed a number of articles, but what at the moment I could not say. I was in the shop about half an hour before; then I saw the tray; it stood close to the glass; it contained gold seals and gold ear-rings, and gold things of different kinds; the articles all were safe in the tray at that time. In a very short time the prisoners were brought in by Mr. Swan, the constable, and a man of the name of Winter. The prisoners were searched, a silver watch was found upon Stoker; that was not any thing that I had lost.
Q. Was any part of your property found upon either of the prisoners. - A. No; and not finding the property upon them, I supposed they must have dropped them somewhere; I directed Sheldrick to go under the gateway, where these boys were found standing; he brought me a gold seal, a gold finger ring, and a gold finger ring with a Cornelian drop; shortly after, another gold ring was brought in by Pickett, another seal, and a finger ring; they were all my property.



                  THOMAS 
                  WINTER
               



             I am a labouring man. On the 15th of March, about ten minutes after four, I was at the sign of the King and Queen, Kensington, it is nearly opposite of Mr. Acres's shop, I saw the prisoners they were standing against Mr. Acres's shop window; I saw Brown run his hand down the window, I could not see whether he had any thing in his hand; I then saw him give Stoker something twice, which appeared to me to come out of the window; upon seeing this I ran over too Mr. Swann, he came out of his house; we went up the gateway at the corner of Mr. Swann's house; both the prisoners were under the gateway, they were both stooping; I collared them both and took them into Mr. Acres's shop, and a watch was found upon Stoker. I went under the gateway to where the prisoners had been stooping, by the step of the back door, there I picked up two bits of tickets, they were in a puddle near the step.
MR. SWANN. Q. We understand you are a constable of Kensington - A. Yes. Winter came over to me, we went under the gateway adjoining my house, we saw the two boys, they were by a back door under the gateway; they were searched in Mr. Acres's shop, nothing of his property was found upon them. I have the gold articles that were afterwards found, they were delivered to me by Mr. Acres; I put them altogether.
- SHELDRICK. I am a waterman at Kensington. I was standing at the Marquis of Granby, directly opposite of Mr. Acres's. After the prisoners were taken I went into the shop, some person said the boys had been under the gateway, I and Pickett went under the gateway, and just by Mr. Billet's door, Pickett saw a piece of wire lay, and with that wire he pulled up a finger ring, a seal, and an earring, he took them into Mr. Acres's shop; after he was gone I searched in the same spot, and found a finger ring, a seal, and an ear-ring; I laid them on Mr. Acres's counter.
Stoker said nothing in his defence.
Brown's Defence. I am innocent of the crime.
Thomas Pickett was called, and not appearing in court, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Stoker called no witnesses to his character.
Brown called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
STOKER - GUILTY, aged. 14.
BROWN - GUILTY, aged 13.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
