





183. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a silver salt siller, value 1 l. and a silver spoon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christian Henry 
                     Warman
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Christian Henry Warman, 16, Bedford-place


. On Thursday the 9th of January I placed a silver salt and spoon in the cupboard in the pantry; at one o'clock my mistress sent me out, I was out until a quarter past two; on my return my fellow servant said there had been a person down stairs and had taken away the salt and spoon. It was safe at one o'clock, and when I returned it was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Meux
               



            , Bedford-place. On the 9th of this month I was cleaning the drawing-room window, I saw this prisoner come to our area gate, he tried it, and found it was locked; he went to several other area gates, and tried them, untill he came to No. 16, he found the area gate open; he went down the area steps, I watched until he came out; he stood below in the area some time; when he came up the area-steps he made away with something in his side pocket, and buttoned up his coat, and crossed to the other side of the way, and coming up to our house again seemingly; he seemed to be very pleased, and as soon as he got opposite of our door; I halloaed to him, he looked up at me; I said, I want to speak to you; he came into the middle of the street, I came down and opened the street-door, he was running; I ran after him; he ran up Russel-street and turned into Bury-street; I pursued him and took him; I asked him what he had got; he said, nothing belonging to me; I told him I knew he had something in his pocket, and I should see what it was; I opened the front of his coat, and found a silver salt, and a silver spoon; I took them out. Soon after I stopped him I saw a man, he said, deliver him up to me and the goods; I thought he was a constable by his demand, and instead of the man taking the prisoner into Bedford-place he took him up Montague-place; I halloed to the man to bring the prisoner back; I ran after him and stopped him again; a constable came up then, and we took him back to Bedford-place, No. 16.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable. There was a mob at the top of the street, I went and took the prisoner to 16, Bedford-place, and there the property was owned.
Barnes. It is my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a chimney sweeper; I was out of empley; I had been down to several houses in the street to ask them if they wanted the dust taken out; I was never nigh that house in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
