





180. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PEACOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of January
, a bucket, value 2 s. four pieces of pork, value 3 s. and a frying pan, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Stanhope
                        



                     
                  ; two jackets, value 2 s. two pair of trowsers, value 4 s. four shirts, value 6 s. one waistcoat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Hann
                        



                     
                  ; a jacket, value 4 s. and one pair of trowsers, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Magneson
                        



.



                  ROBERT 
                  STANHOPE
               



            . I am the master of the ship Commerce


, a trading vessel
. She was lying at Stone-stairs. I lost the pork, the pail, and the frying-pan. They belonged to the ship. The jackets and trowsers belonged to the boy

s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRONG
               



            . I am a Thames police officer.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. On Monday, the 4th of December, before day light. I was keeping watch on the river; I saw a boat coming from towards the tier in Shadwell dock, about four tiers from where the Commerce laid. I rowed after that boat. I saw the prisoner in that boat when I over-took it. The first thing I saw in the boat was a bucket, and four pieces of pork in it. There was nobody in the boat but the prisoner. I asked him how he came by that pork at that time in the morning. He said he was a Greenland man, and he was going to carry it on shore to a poor person where he lodged. He said, he took it from the ship William. He pointed and said, there she lies, off there. He pointed to the tier where I first saw the boat.
Q. Was he on the Middlesex side when you first laid of hold him - A. Yes. After that, I saw two bundles of clothes in the boat. I then said, whose are these. He said, one is mine, and the other belongs to a lad that was going to make his escape from the vessel that day. I knew it could not be legal for them things to come on shore to a poor person, where he said he lodged. I lodged the prisoner in the office. Then, after that, I went over to the tier where he said the ship, named William, laid. I could not find any ship of that name laying in the tier. There was no vessel at that time of that name laying in the tier. I went further down, and then I learned that the ship Commerce had something stolen from it. The goods were afterwards claimed by Mr. Stanhope. This is the frying-pan, the bucket, and the pork.
Prosecutor. The bucket, the frying-pan, and the pork, belongs to the ship; they were under my charge as master. The two boys are here that belong to the clothes.


                  HENRY 
                  HANN
               



            . Q. Were you one of the crew of the Commerce - A. Yes. I lost two jackets, two pair of trowsers, and four shirts. These are mine.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MAGNISON
               



            . I am one of the crew of the Commerce. I lost a jacket and a pair of trowsers; they were worth eight shillings. They were taken from the ship. About half past one in the morning, I was awoke by hearing some persons foot on board. I asked who it was. He told me, he came to enquire for George Wood, belonging to the True Free Briton.
Q. Did you see that person - A. I did. It was dark; I could not discover his countenance.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not commit the fact myself. I was employed by one 
               
                  George 
                  Wood
               



            . Wood and me took a boat, and went on board a ship. Wood gave me the things charged in the indictment, and when the officer came on board the boat, Wood knowing what he had done, left the boat, and the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
