





942. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PECKHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 2 l. a pocket-book, value 1 s. an handkerchief, value 1 s. and four one pound Bank of England notes
            , his property.
JOHN EDWARDS. I am a gentleman's groom
. On the 20th of October, late at night, I was locked out of my lodgings; I went into a public-house; I staid there until near two or three o'clock. I cannot say exactly. I came out of the public house, and two or three in the house came out with me, about the time they were shutting up the house. I walked on my way home to the George in Long Acre; the prisoner laid hold of me by the arm at the end of Charles Street, Covent Garden


, and with his other hand he drawed my watch; he tried to escape with it. I caught hold of the tail of his coat, and called out watch, and held him until the watch came up, and assisted me. The watchman came up, and took him to the watch-house; he was searched at the watchouse; my silk handkerchief was found on him.
Q. Were you sober - A. I was intoxicated; I am sure the prisoner is the person that robbed me.


                  RICHARD 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Paul's, Covent Garden. At three o'clock I heard the watchman call watch; I went to his assistance: he had hold of the prisoner by the tail of his coat; he said the prisoner had robbed him of his watch. I took him to the watchhouse; at the watchhouse he was searched, and the prosecutor's handkerchief was found in his pocket. In taking him to the watch-house, he threw something away. The prosecutor said it was his watch. After I had taken him to the watchhouse, I returned the way I came, and looked into all the areas; I could not find the watch. The prisoner and the prosecutor were both in the dark.


                  JOHN 
                  BETHEL
               



            . I am the beadle; I was at the watchhouse; I searched the prisoner; I found this pocket-handkerchief on the prisoner; as soon as the prosecutor saw it, he said it was his. After we had locked the prisoner up, we went with a candle and lantern to look for the property, and returned with the watchmen to the place where the prosecutor was stopped. We found this pocket-book with four one-pound notes in it. We found no watch. We found these keys; they belong to the prosecutor.
Prosecutor. This handkerchief is mine, and they keys are mine, the pocket-book is mine; I had four one-pound notes; they are in it now.
GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not privately from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
