





884. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of October
, a handkerchief, value 5 s. and a snuff box, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person.
            



                  FRANCIS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Crown Street Westminster. On the 23d of October, I was in St. James's Park


 about twelve o'clock at noon, there where some engines there, they were trying of, a number of people were collected to see it. I stopped some time, I had not been there above half an hour before the officer asked me if I had lost my handkerchief. I saw the box lay on the ground at the same time, the officer picked it up, it is a paper painted snuff box, worth sixpence. I told the officer I missed my handkerchief, it is worth two shillings, the officer shewed me the handkerchief, I knew it to be mine. Two officers had hold of the prisoner at the time.
RICHARD WESTBROOK. I am a constable. Mr. Essleby and I were in the Park together, on the 23d of October, there were a great many people looking at the engines, we saw Mr. Brown in the crowd, we were watching the prisoner for half an hour. we knew the man that was with him, I saw the prisoner at Mr. Brown's pocket trying to get the handkerchief out of Brown's pocket, the handkerchief was half way out of his pocket.
Q. Was it so when you first saw Mr. Brown. - A. No, when first I saw Mr. Brown, I could not see that he had a handkerchief in his pocket. The handkerchief had been drawn out of his pocket by the man who was with the prisoner, the prisoner went up and took the handkerchief out, I directly collared him, and took the handkerchief out of his hand immediately, some person picked up the snuff box. I believe it was my brother officer. I held the handkerchief up and said who had lost a handkerchief, Mr. Brown claimed it. I am quite sure that Mr. Brown's pocket, was the pocket from whence I saw it taken. Mr. Brown claimed the snuff box too. The prisoner said he was very sorry for it, he did it out of distress, we took him to Bow Street. The mob gathered round so very soon the other man absconded.
JOHN ESSLEBY. I belong to Bow Street. I was in the park, and knowing of Westbrook I joined him, I saw Mr. Brown in the crowd, he was near the Dukes of York, Kent, and Cambridge. I saw the prisoner with another attempting several gentleman's pockets, that induced us to watch. I saw the prisoner draw the handkerchief out of Mr. Brown's pocket, in drawing the handkerchief this snuff box fell to the ground from the pocket, we both seized the prisoner at the same time. Westbrook took the handkerchief out of his hand.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant;
