





17. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, a hamper, value 2 s. 6 d. two dozen bottles, value 6 s. and five gallons of wine, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a wine-merchant, I live in Mark-lane. I knew nothing of the prisoner before. On Saturday the 28th of November I received an order from Mr. Best, of Greenwich, for four dozen of Hermitage, two dozen were packed in a hamper, and when the two hampers were packed they were put into Mr. Best's cart, which stood at the gate; after the hampers were put in, Mr. Best's man went up the yard to get his hat, and my cellarman went up the yard with him to give him a little straw to put in the cart, and when they went down to the cart again one of the hampers were stolen out of it. This was about half after three, what follows my cellarman will tell you better than I can.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DAY
               



            . I am cellarman to Mr. Smith. On the 28th of November Mr. Best sent to our house, for four dozen of Hermitage in two hampers. The man carried one hamper down, and I the other; we carried them down to the cart, which stood at the gate, the man pitched his hamper first, and the one which I pitched was at the tail of the cart; he had left his hat in the cooperage, and he asked me for a little straw to put in his cart, which I told him he should have. We immediately left the cart, and went up to the cooper-age; we were absent from the cart not more than three minutes; when we went down to the gate the man said one of the hampers were gone. I looked in the cart and saw that it was. I told him to go one way, and I would run the other. I ran up Fenchurch-street and looked up the street, but I could see no one. I then directly went towards Aldgate pump. I could see no one then, I looked up Leadenhall-street. I could see as far as Billeter-lane. I saw the prisoner with a hamper on his shoulder coming towards Aldgate. I went and met him and passed him, and turning short followed him, Before we got out of Leadenhall-street the prisoner turned a side-face and looked at me. I said nothing to him all this time. I was ascertaining whether I could positively swear to the hamper if I stopped him. At the end of Jewry-street I said, my friend, what are you going to do with the hamper; he said, I am going to take it to White-chapel. I said, what are you going to do with it there; he said, Mr. Anderson's cellarman, who had a dozen of wine in Leadenhall-street, desired him to carry it. I said, my friend, you must set your load down here; where is this cellarman; he said, go along with me, and I will shew you the cellarman; stop, said I, until I get some one to watch the hamper. Fortunately there was a man coming towards Aldgate, I desired him to mind it. I said, that fellow that is running has robbed the cart of this hamper. I pursued him immediately; he ran up Leadenhall-street. I took him at last he ran up Creed-church-lane, and at the time he had got at the bottom I entered the lane; on his turning round I lost sight of him. I was informed that he had run into the second door. I knocked at the door half a dozen times. I heard an altercation with the prisoner and another. I ran up stairs; I said to the man of the house, you have got a man there; he said, yes. I ran up stairs to the top. I said, that is the man I want; he said he was an officer.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the same man. - A. I am positive of it.
JOSEPH. I am an officer. About half past two o'clock on Saturday last my wife told me there was a man run up stairs at my house in Duke's-place. I ran up after him, that moment I found the prisoner on the two-pair stair-case, I asked him who he wanted; he could not give me any answer. I told him I was an officer, and asked him what business he had to run up my house; then this man ran up stairs and said, this is the man that robbed the cart. He gave charge of him, and I took him to Mark-lane; the master then gave charge of him, I took him to the Compter.
DAY. I can positively swear to the hamper being the property of Mr. Smith.
Prisoner's Defence. I was a soldier in the guards
. I have six children.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
