





263. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, four veils, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Yates
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Celia 
                           Brown
                        



.
ELIZA YATES. I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Yates
               



            , we live in Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 7th of January, towards the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked for some veils, for his mother to shew to a lady; I knew his mother, but not knowing him, I refused to give them to him, and told him, that I would send Celia Brown with them; I packed up four lace veils, they were worth 4l. cost price; I delivered them to the prisoner, and he gave them back to Brown, desiring her to carry them, they both left the house; Brown went to bring back the money or the veils.


                  CELIA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in Mrs. Yates's employ. On the 7th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, she sent me with the prisoner, and some veils, I had them in my hands, when we went out of the shop; he first took me to Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, and said that his sisters lived there, and I was to set there while he shewed the lady the veils, he went up and said, he would fetch a candle to light me up stairs, he returned and said they were not at home, and asked me to accompany him to the place where he was to sell them. I said I would, he took me to the corner of Long-Acre, and said he was going to take them into a house; I saw the house would not be a proper place for me to go into, and said I would wait outside, and he promised to return in a few minutes, I gave him the veils in Wild-street, I waited near an hour without seeing him, I went to the house in Wild-street, and found his sisters there, who told me where I was likely to find him, a person took me to Phoenix-alley, I waited there for him, but he did not come, and I went home. He had come out of that house and went in again, but I did not know him as he had changed his dress. I saw him at Bow-street the same evening, in the dress which he put on after he took the veils; I knew him again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I found the prisoner at a Public-house in Bow-street. I asked him what he had done with the veils, and sent for an officer; he said, he knew nothing about the veils. The officer secured him.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an officer. I secured the prisoner, and found a duplicate of four veils, pledged in the name of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lawrence
               



            , at Macbeth's, I got it from him with difficulty.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MACBETH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged the veils with me between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. I am sure he is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had a bill to make up, and pledged the veils, and intended to take them out the next day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
