





205. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, one quilt, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newman
                        



                     
                  ; two gowns, value 13 s.; one spencer, value 8 s., one apron, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Carney
                        



                     
                  ; and one gown, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Winnifred 
                     Carney
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live at the Hope, public-house, Smithfield-bars


. On the 22d of December, about eleven o'clock, Carney informed me the property was gone. I had seen the prisoner in the tap-room about ten o'clock that morning - the tap-room door leads to the stairs; the property was taken from the second-floor. About two o'clock I met him in Jewin-street, with a bundle under his arm. I told him I did not see him go out in the morning. He asked me for something to drink - I said if he would go home with me I would give him some. We walked together to Cloth-fair; he ran down a passage into Smithfield. I called Stop thief! - he was stopped before I lost sight of him. I took him to the Bear and Ragged Staff, examined the bundle, and found it contained the property stated in the indictment, except the quilt, the duplicate of which was found on him.


                  HANNAH 
                  CARNEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Newman
. I went up stairs about eleven o'clock, missed the things, and found them in the bundle when the prisoner was taken.
DAVID M'COMBIE. I am an officer. I heard the cry, and stopped the prisoner, who was running with the bundle.
HENRY THOMSON. I am servant to Mr. Brown, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Fetter-lane. About twelve o'clock the prisoner pledged the quilt.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was in great distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
