






198. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                     FENN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     STEWART
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of December
, thirty nine yards of lace, value 3 l. two pieces of bombazet, value 5 l. sixty-four balls of cotton, value 3 l. a gross of buttons. value 18 s. thirty pair of stockings, value 50 l. and eight dozen pair of gloves, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert
                  Oliver
               




            .


                  GEORGE
                  DUBOIUS
               



            . I am a merchant; I live at 83, London-wall. On the 23rd of December last, I made up a package to send on board a spanish vessel. I put in that case the articles in the indictment; I packed it up myself; the case was marked 
               J. M. 
            77. I delivered it safe to one of Baileys cartsI saw it afterwards safe landed at the Custom House quay. It was as safe from security at the Custom House as it was in the cart, I had an iron hoop put round it by a porter at the Custom-house quay. I afterwards saw the case on board the ship; it had then the hoop round it; the hoop had been raised, and the nails that were originally clinched, were drawn up, and the top of the case had been raised up as if by a crow, and some of the articles had been taken out.


                  JOHN
                  WATTS
               



             COOPER. I am porter to John Oliver, a Lighterman. I received this case, at the Custom house quay. The case was so full that it bursted out and started the nails. I sent for Mr. Dubious; I told him I thought proper to put a hoop round it, to make it secure; he told me to do it; the bottom of the case bulged; I sent for a cooper and had it done. I paid two shillings and two pence for doing it; he put an iron hoop round it in my presence; I saw it in the lighter, and afterwards in the ship.
Q. Was it secure when you saw it in the Lighter - A. It was put on board the Martha lighter, a deck lighter, belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                  Oliver
               



            ; the hoop was put round the middle; where it had bulged, the ends were secure.


                  BENJAMIN
                  WALLER
               



            . I am foreman to Robert Oliver. I was at the wharf when the package came and I was present when it was put into the Martha lighter, a Deck lighter with lock and keys, Stewart had one key and Fenn the other, every man on board a lighter has a key of the Deck; the two prisoners only has the charge of the Deck; the lighter went away from the Custom house quay between two and three o'clock on Tuesday morning. After they had delivered the goods both of them returned about one o'clock; they came on shore; I asked them whether they had got the receipt for the goods he said the mate would not give him the receipt, because he had not a duplicate. I made out a duplicate on the Wednesday; he went to the ship again; Fenn did; I gave the duplicate to him, he and Stewart returned; I asked him for the receipt, he said the mate refused to give him the receipt, because one of the cases was a little broken.
Q. Who is the proprietor of this lighter the Martha - A. Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                  Oliver
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                  MILLER
               



            . I belong to the ship the Amelia; I was on board on the 27th of December, when the two prisoners came with the Martha lighter.
COURT. What time did the lighterman reach the ship - A. Some time in the forenoon. I went into the lighter to bear the case off from knocking the sides of the ship; when I come out of the lighter, I went on the Deck; I saw the case in slings; Fenn and 
               Stewart
             both assisted in unloading, they were both in the hold. I saw them strike the case once or twice with a mallet, or something of that kind; he gave it a harty blow two or three times. I took particular notice it was along the side of the case, the boatswain of my ship asked me what we were doing, the boatswain heard the knocking; the package was afterwards brought, and the whole contents of the lighter was brought on board our ship, and the lighter rowed away. The boatswain observed a hole in this package; I called to the man; I am sure they heard me; they answered me. They did not come back, they asked me what I wanted with them, I said the boatswain wanted to speak with them; they said he should have spoken before.
DOMINE DEHOURST. I am a boatswain of this vessel. I recollect the case coming on board on the 27th of December; I heard a knocking in the lighter, and this case afterwards was brought up, and as soon as this case was brought up I had it placed on the Deck. I observed a piece broken off the corner. I and Miller hailed the lighter, the men in the lighter did not return on our calling them, I told them to come on board, one of the cases was broken, I shewed the mate the condition of the case, these goods was put on board the ship on Tuesday; on Friday I saw Stewart at the office; Fenn came on board our ship on Thursday: I shewed him the case, he said the case did not come on board our ship in that state. I asked Fenn for a duplicate, when first I took the things in, he said he had got none it always was customary to have a duplicate; and then the mate given a receipt.
Q. to Dehourst. Were you present when this case was opened - A. I was, the carpenter and master opened it. I looked into the case, there were a deficiency in it; there were a vacancy inside, near the place where it had been broken open, the case remained in that situation until Mr. Dubious had seen it; we had fourteen men on board, all the men saw the case had come on board with a crack in it; the case was always kept in the hatches, none of the men could get at it, the hatches were locked.
MITCHEL, The case was opened in my presence in the ship, and at the police office, a great part of the things were missing.
Mr. DUBOIUS, I examined the case; when I packed the case it was quite full, so much so that it bulged, and when I saw it at the office, there was a vacancy; all the articles in the indictment were missing, and the articles had been replaced; I had balls of cotton like them in the package.
Mr. MITCHEL. I took Stewart into custody; I went with him to his house; below, in the front room, on a table, I found this ball of cotton; and up stairs, in this paper, in a bag hanging up, I found these balls of cotton, eighteen balls of cotton, and in another bag, fourteen balls of cotton. Jennings found these pincers; I compared these pincers to a mark on the inside of the case; one end of the pincers is bent, as if used in raising that part; the pincers exactly fitted the hole in the corner of the case.


                  THOMAS
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am an officer. I went in company with Mr. Waller to the Martha lighter, on Friday the 30th of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; I waited there until Stewart came; I asked Mr. Waller for the key of the lighter, he gave him the key; I, in the presence of Waller, searched the lighter; I found these three boxes of cotton among some rubbish, covered over with two or three handspikes, tied up in this paper, and a pair of pincers in thelocker. When Stewart came, I took him to the watchhouse. These are the pincers that Mitchell examined. (The case shewed to the Jury.)


                  ROBERT
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am the owner of the Martha lighter.
Stewart's Defence. After I had the order to watch the lighter, I set off home to get my supper before the lighter went off to the ship. I had a friend or two at home, when I stopped longer than I should. When I returned to the lighter, the lock was unlocked and the locker; it being dark, I could not know that was the cotton now produced; my wife bought it; I know nothing of it.
Fenn's Defence. It was not my place to be in the lighter all night.
FENN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
STEWART - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
