





1141. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN GRANT



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of August
, 2lbs. of tea, value 5s.
            , the goods of the 
               
United Company of Merchants of England






            , trading to the East Indies.
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of the 
               
East India Dock Company



            .
THIRD COUNT, the same only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Nairne
               



            .
FOURTH COUNT, the same only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Eglinton 
                  Maxwell
               



            .
FIFTH COUNT, the same only stating it to be the property of a person or persons unknown.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am third officer of the East India Company's ship, the General Kin, which was in the East India Import Dock; the prisoner was one of the excise officer
 on board. About two o'clock, I saw him in the hold, buttoning up his clothes, which excited my suspicion-the tea chests were there. I asked him, what he had been doing? he said nothing. I observed a chest of tea broken, and a great deal scattered about; I told him, I was sure he had been stealing the tea, and he should not leave without being examined. I called four men. who were discharging the tea, to see him searched, He then unbuttoned his clothes, and took a white handkerchief from his back, which contained the tea - He said nothing. Mr. Maxwell came afterward, the prisoner then said he knew nothing of it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Had you any quarrel with the officers - A. No, not with the revenue officers on board. I was rather displeased with some officers as we came up they pulled me about.
Q.In your passion, you swore you would be revenged on the revenue officers - A. I said I would not mind being revenged on that officer-it was not the prisoner. Our captain's name is 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Nairne
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  NESTRAM
               



            . I am a labourer on board the ship. I was in the hold Watson called to me, and said "you are witness I took the tea from this man;" the prisoner heard it, but said nothing.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I took the prisoner in charge. Brooks, the superintendent, said he was sorry to see a man of his appearance charged with such an offence; he said, I took it for our breakfast, He afterwards said the handkerchief did not belong to him, and he knew nothing of the tea.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he never took any tea, except for breakfast - A. He might; the tea was found when he spoke.
COURT. Q. At the time he was given into charge, did he deny it - A. No.
THOMAS BROOKS. I am superintendent of that part of the docks, On the 27th of August the prisoner was brought to me; I told him I was very sorry to see him commit himself for so small a quantity of tea - He made no reply. He said at last he did not mean to hurt me or the Revenue, for it was only a little he took for his breakfast. The chest appeared recently broken.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the tea in my possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
