






982. 
               
                  JAMES SKINNER


               
             and 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     LEVY, alias 
LEVY LEVY





               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of August
, a wooden chest, value 18 d. and ninety pounds weight of tea; value 35 l. 7 s. 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Challenor
                  




               
            .
JOHN CAALLENOR. I live at the Stones-end in the Borough; I am a grocer
.
Q. When was it you purchased any tea at the India House, of which it is supposed this chest to be a part - A. In June sale last I purchased five chests. I sent for these five chests on Wednesday the 18th of August, by my carman, 
               
                  William 
                  Prior
               



            . I sent the warrants by him. I have the East India warrant in my hand. Among the number of the chests was number 16947. I did not get that. The value of the tea contained in that chest was thirty-five pounds seven shillings and two pence. I speak now from the warrant. My carman brought four chests home. The chest 16947 was the chest not brought home; that was the one missing:
Q. Did you ever after that see the chest any where - A. Yes, on the same 18th of August, in the afternoon, I saw it in 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  White
               



            's house, in Cobley's-court, Essex-street, Whitechapel. I knew the chest. It is the same number that I have spoken of. The tea was emptied out. I saw no tea there. This is the chest.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I produce the chest. It was given into my custody at Lambeth-street office, by Mr. Challenor.
Prosecutor. That is the same chest I saw in Mrs. White's house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRIOR
               



            . I am a carman to Mr. Challenor. On the 18th of August of August I was sent by my master to the India House for five chests of tea. After I had the chests of tea in the cart I had to go to a sugar bakers in Wentworth-street, for a hogshead of sugar, and then I had to take the whole to my master's. I knew how the chests were marked by the permit. I recollect the number of one of the casks was 16947. When I got to Wentworth-street


, to the sugar-house I left my cart in the street with five chests of tea in it. I went into the sugar-house with the order for the sugar. I had nobody with me to mind the cart. I was absent from the cart about ten minutes, and as soon as I had put the hogshead of sugar in the cart I uncovered the chests of tea. I took the tarpaulin off, I missed one chest of tea. I immediately went to the office, and acquainted the officers of it. I, on the same day, afterwards, saw the same chest at Mr. White's house, in Cobley's-court, Essex-street. That was the same chest that was missing from the cart; it had the same number on it.



                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Cobley's-court, Essex-street, Whitechapel.
Q. How far is that from Wentworth-street - A. A very short distance.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners at the bar - A. Yes, both of them. I never saw them until the robbery was committed, on the 18th of August; it was Wednesday I saw the two prisoners with a chest of tea in their possession. I was in my own house; the prisoners were in the archway that leads to the house where I live. It was about two o'clock in the day. The prisoner, Skinner, stamped his foot on the top of the chest; he knocked the top in; he then said if he lost any of the tea his master would make him pay for it. He then asked me and another woman to hold a bag for him. A third man had the bag.
Q. There was another man with them, was there - A. Yes. The tea was emptied out of the chest; it pinched my hand so, I let go, and would have nothing more to do with it. The two prisoners emptied the tea out of the chest into a black bag. I saw all the tea emptied into the bag, except some that fell to the ground. The other woman let go her hold. The tea was emptied in the bag by the two prisoners. The man that brought the bag he went away immediately. I could not distinguish what he said.
Q. You do not know whether that person or any other person brought the tea into the court - A. I do not.


                  JAMES 
                  SHIPMAN
               



            . I live at No. 6, Cobley's-court, Essex-street. I live almost facing of Mrs. White. On the 18th of August I saw the two prisoners with a chest of tea. I saw only two; they were facing my door when I saw them. I saw them empty the tea out of the chest into the black bag. Mrs. White was helping the men while they were emptying the tea. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Skinner
               



             lifted the chest while it was emptied. When the tea was put in the bag Skinner took it away upon his shoulder. The other prisoner and he went away together; they left the chest in the court. Mrs. White took the chest into her house.


                  JOHN 
                  LITTLEJOHN
               



            . I am a shoemaker; I live at No. 18, Wentworth-street.
Q. How far is that from the sugar-house - A. About three hundred yards. I live near Essex-street. On Wednesday the 18th of August, about two o'clock, I was coming down Wentworth-street; I saw a cart standing facing of Mr. Coslett's gate, a sugar-baker. I saw the cart standing. I saw no carman. The prisoner, Skinner, I then saw standing about twelve yards from the cart. Skinner had two Jews with him. I knew Skinner before; I cannot speak to the others.
Q. Did you see what there was in the cart - A. I saw something in the cart. It was covered over with a tarpaulin. I did not know what it was. I went home. In about half an hour after I was at home some of my children were in the street; I heard them cry, that induced me to look out of the window. I saw the prisoner, Skinner, coming along with a black bag upon his back, and something heavy in it by the appearance; he was bustling on fast.
Q. Was any body with him - A. No, he went to a neighbours of mine, about six doors off. He went in there with the bag; he went into Levy's house. He goes by the name of 
               
                  Levy 
                  Pop
               



            .
Q. You know where Mrs. White's house is, do not you - A. Yes, he was coming from that way; he was about two minutes walk from Mrs. White's house.
Q. When was it you saw Skinner after this - A. In about half an hour after this I saw him in the hands of two officers of Lambeth-street office.
Q. Was he dressed the same as when you saw him before - A. No.
Q. You knew him - A. Yes, I had seen him before, but the other men that was with him I do not speak to.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street office. On the 18th of August, Prior (the carman) came and gave information that a chest of tea had been taken out of his cart; it was near three o'clock. Hall and I went to Lion Levy's house, in Wentworth-street. When I went into the house I saw the two prisoner and another person that is not taken; they were along with Mrs. Levy, the mistress of the house. I told Mrs. Levy that I had just got information that a chest of tea had been brought in there. She said she knew nothing of it; I said I must look over the house. I left my brother officer to take care of the three men while I went up stairs. I found no tea. Upon my search we had no information against these men. I had not seen any of the witnesses then at that time. We left the house, and when we came out we consulted, and we returned in again, and finding Skinner in the house, not knowing him, we took him with us. The others we left, we thought we should be able to find them. After Skinner was taken to the office, I saw Mrs. White. When the prosecutor saw Skinner he told him that he had seen witnesses that had seen him steal the tea. As soon as Skinner heard that he confessed the whole; he said it was done by him and the other men; he said it was the first time that he had ever done any thing of the sort, and he had received two pound of Mrs. Levy for his share of the tea; he helped Mrs. Levy to put the tea into a sheet. Levy was not taken up until after last sessions. We went back to the house of Levy, the two men were gone. We searched Levy's house the second time, we could not find the tea. Skinner said, that Levy (the prisoner) had also two pounds of Mrs. Levy. Mr. Challenor brought the tea chest to the office. It has been in my fellow officer's possession ever since.
- HALL. I was with Mr. Griffiths. I have heard his account, it is correct. I searched Skinner; I took from him a two pound note; he said that was his share that he received for the tea.
COURT, Q. to Prior. As near as you can say what time of day was it when you left your cart in Wentworth-street - A. Between two and three.
Q. What is the name of the sugar baker at whose door you stopped - A. Coslett.
Skinner said nothing in his defence.
Levy's Defence. I was coming past this alley, I saw two young men that I had never seen before in my life; they had a chest and a bag in their hands upthis alley; one of them asked me to hold the bag open for them; I held it open, and in a short time I walked away. I have never seen them since. Then after that I went into the place at the back of Mr. Levy's house, which is a large yard, and there were several people playing at ball, and different games. I went in, and played among them. I had been there a quarter of an hour when some young fellows said there is some officers coming, we had better go away. Some of them run out of the yard. I went into Mr. Levy's back room, and sat down there. I saw the prisoner, Skinner, sitting in the room with another young man.
SKINNER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
LEVY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
