






920. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     ST. LEDGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October

, one piece of canvas, containing 43 yards, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Neale
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRICE
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day the same goods, he knowing them to have been stolen
            



                  JOSEPH 
                  MADDICK
               



            . I am a labourer in the service of Mr. Neale, the prisoner, 
               
                  Patrick 
                  St. Ledger
               



             was a labourer
 too. He was at work on the 8th of October, in Mr. Neale's warehouse in Goodman's-yard, in the Minories



.
Q. Had you any canvas in the warehouse belonging to Mr. Neale - A. Yes.
Q. About seven o'clock in the evening, was the prisoner there - A. No. About ten minutes before seven I went up in the middle of the warehouse to fasten the windows, the canvas was in the middle of the warehouse. When I came down stairs, I called for the prisoner. I could not find him. I found he was gone. I did not see him until I saw him at the Police office. After the prisoner went away, I missed two or three bolts of canvas, and afterwards I saw some canvas produced at the Police office that I knew.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am an hemp and flax merchant
. Mr. Nevill, of East Coker, in Somersetshire, deals with me for hemp, and he has sent me up lately, two parcels of canvas.
Q. On the 8th of October, had you any canvas in your warehouse - A. We missed some canvas after the 9th of October, three pieces.
Q. Had they any mark - A. Yes, they were stamped 
               
                  John 
                  Nevill
               



            , East Coker, that is in Somersetshire. The three missing pieces were numbered 5, and the number of yards besides; each bolt runs 43 yards and a half, or 43 yards. I saw two of them at the police office, and one bolt had the maker's name upon it; the other bolt had the maker's name cut off. The maker's name was compleat on one, and cut off the other.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am one of the Thames police surveyors.
Q. Where did you see the prisoner St. Ledger - A. In East Smithfield, going into Brice's house in East Smithfield



. He had something with him covered over with a great coat. I asked him what he had got there, he said I might see. He knocked at the door, a woman opened it; which I have since found to be the housekeeper of Brice. I took St. Ledger into the back parlour, examined the coat, and found it contained a bolt of canvas.
Q. What mark was upon it - 
               A. I. 
            Nevill, East Coker, No. 5, 45. I enquired of St. Ledger where he got it. He told me, that he was to take it to East Smithfield, and there to wait until the man came; he did not know who the man was, that gave it him to carry.
Q. Was there any body in that room - A. Yes. I found since, her name is 
               
                  Jane 
                  Richardson
               



            . She said, she knew nothing about it. I looked round the room, and in a cupboard in the same room, I saw a bolt of canvas corresponding with that I saw on St. Ledger; the mark was cut out, the mark that remained on it was 5, 42 yards. I enquired who Richardson was, she said she was a servant; she knew nothing at all of Brice's transactions, it did not concern her, I took the canvas and St. Ledger in custody. I found Brice at the office. I told him that I had stopped a man in his house with the canvas, and that I had likewise taken a bolt of canvas out of the cupboard; and I found ten new sacks laying about the room. I told him I had seized the sacks and the canvas; he said, he could give me an account of them. He never did. I kept him custody till the next day; then he went before the magistrate.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was with the last witness at Brice's.
Q. Did you find that bolt of canvas in the cupboard - A. I did.
Q. What is Brice - A. He sells candles, starch, blue and soap, and such like as that.
Q. Did you find any canvas to be sold in the shop - A. No, I found a bolt of canvas in the cupboard. Brice said, the bolt of canvas he could clear that. It was in the house the last time it was searched; when we pointed out the bolt of canvas that St. Ledger had he said no more. When we asked him how many sacks he had, he said there were six. I was in company with Mr. Harding, when he seized the prisoner in the passage.


                  JANE 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Brice. I have lived with him near a twelvemonth.
Q. Do you know the prisoner St. Ledger - A. No, I never knew any thing of his coming to the house.
Q. Do you remember his coming in - A. I saw a man like him in the court-yard; he was without a nose, and if I was to take an oath, I could not swear whether he was the man or not. I pointed out the man to Mr. Neale's labourer.
Q. Did any other man bring a bolt of canvas, that the officer, Harding, seized - A. No, only one person; the two officers and the man come in altogether.
Q. What did that person bring in with firm - A. A bolt of canvas.
Q. When the officers came in did they find a bolt of canvas in the cupboard - A. Yes, they did; that was brought the night before, and put down on the floor, and it was in the cupboard the next night, when the officers came.
Q. And that was brought by the man the night before - A. Yes, it was; Mr. Brice was not at home when that was brought. I told him of it; he said, he would have nothing to do with it, if the man came again to let him take it away. The man called again the next morning before Mr. Brice was up. I told him what Mr. Brice told me to tell him, that he would have nothing to do with it to take it away, this he said he wanted to see Mr. Brice. I went up myself and told Mr. 
               Brice
             that the man had called that came with the canvas the night before. Mr. Brice said he should be down by and by; but he would have nothing to do with it. The man went away. He called again at night. The man went away in the morning, and I never saw him until he was brought by the officers.
Q. Then it was the same man - A. I take it to be the same man.
Q. It was the same man that Harding took to the office - A. Yes.
Harding. These are the bolts of canvas.
Q. to Mr. Neale. The outside fold has been cut off - A. Yes, but at the corner there is the remaining 
               I. N. 
            of the maker's name.
COURT. This has been cut off and 5 put on again and forty-two yards and a half, instead of 43; this is the part that has been cut - A. I have no doubt. It is my property. Mr. Nevill never sent any to London, before he sent me these, and the cloth answers in quality. The number 5 denotes the quality.
Q. From the quality, and the mark inside, and one end being cut off, are you able, from mere observation, to say you believe it to be your property - A. I have no doubt but it is.
Q. to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Richardson
               



            . Have you any doubt that St. Ledger brought it - A. I could not positively swear that he was the man.
Q. Did you never swear that he was the man - A. No.
Court. I will read what you said,
="I am sure that Brice on the evening the prisoner, St. Ledger, brought the bolt of canvas found in the cupboard, Brice was not at home. St. Ledger said, Brice knows of it, he put it down in the parlour.=" Why here you had no doubt of the man - A. I cannot have any doubt of the man.
St. Ledger's Defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury. On the night of the 7th of October, I was going home from my work, I was accosted by a man in the street, he asked me to carry a parcel to No. 64, in East Smithfield. I agreed to take it there for a shilling. On the night following I met the same man and carried a parcel to the same place. As I was going into the passage, I was met by an officer. I am 44 years of age. I have served my King and country, in Spain and Holland; and have done my duty as a soldier, and for my universal good conduct I was recommended to the Board of Ordnance, and they have been pleased to grant me a shilling a day.
Q. to Mr. Neale. How many bolts of canvas did you miss - A. Three.
Brice's Defence. I declare myself innocent of the charge. I was not at home when the goods were brought, and when I was informed of it, I immediately told Mrs. Richardson, to tell the person when he called to take them away. I never saw the man or goods in my place.
ST. LEDGER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BRICE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 51.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
