





316. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of March
, a shawl, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wallis
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Hannah, his wife

.


                     HANNAH 
                     WALLIS
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wallis
               



            , who is a Custom House officer
; we live at No. 3, Danley-street, Rosemary-lane. On the 5th of March, at about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Tower-street


, and my shawl was suddenly snatched of my neck from behind. I cried stop thief, and in the course of two minutes, the prisoner was stopped. I turned quick about, and saw the shawl in the prisoner's possession; it was scarcely two minutes before he was stopped, and the shawl with him.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a carpenter; I was going down Harp-lane when this happened, and in consequence of hearing a dry of stop thief, and seeing the prisoner run, I stopped him; he had the shawl with him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPE
               



            . I am a constable. I was standing at my own house, in Harp-lane, and saw the prisoner at the bar coming running down the lane; Bailey tripped him up, and he said with a bad oath, I have not taken it from the woman, and after recovering from his fall, he had the shawl in his hand.
(Property produced, and sworn.)
Prisoner's Defence. A person threw the shawl into my arms. I was going over to the Philanthropic Society, where I have been brought up for eleven years, to get work.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
