






771. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CLEAVER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WIDDISON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of August
, a flat of butter, value 1 l. 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hazel
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAZEL
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
 in Great Russell-street, Covent Garden. I received a flat of butter of the waggon at the Golden Lion Inn, St. John-street; I put it in a barrow, and wheeled it to Smithfield; I then left it in the care of 
               
                  Edward 
                  How
               



            , a boy to wheel home; the flat of butter was forty-two pounds, and three pounds ten shillings was the wholesale price.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOW
               



            . I was to wheel it home in the barrow; at Fleet Market somebody came up to me and said should he wheel it home for me, that was a boy, he is not here; I had wheeled it from Smithfield to Fleet Market; I let him wheel it, I kept by him.
Q. Now look at these two men, do you know whether you ever see them before - A. No. The boy wheeled it into Fleet-street, he asked me if I would have any beer; I said thank you, and we went into a public-house about the middle of Fleet-street


, he told me to leave the wheelbarrow about four doors of the public-house; we did not stop in the public-house ten minutes, then he told me go and look if the barrow was safe; I did; the butter was gone and the wheelbarrow was left.
Q. What became of the person that gave you the beer - A. I do not know, he left me. I went home and told my master the butter was gone.


                  HENRY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a porter, I work at the Golden Lion, St. John-street. On the 1st of August, about nine in the morning, I met Cleaver with a flat of butter on his back in Charterhouse-square, Widdison was with him, I knew them both before by sight; they were about ten yards apart, but both in one direction. I knew the flat, I asked Cleaver where he was going with the flat, Cleaver told me he was carrying it for a gentleman, which was Widdison; there was no other person by him. Widdison told him to come along with it.He went on into Fan-street, I followed Cleaver, and Widdison went first. When they got into the middle of Fann-street I asked Cleaver to set it down; he set it down. I cut the flat open and shewed the note that was in it to a gentleman, the gentlemen said it did not appear to have been sold by any butter merchant or cheesemonger that morning. Cleaver said he was carrying it for Widdison; Widdison was at the bottom of the street, he went away and left the butter and Cleaver and me. A young man that was with me took the butter, and I took Cleaver to the Golden Lion, and when we came to the Golden Lion the carrier knew that it was delivered to Mr. Hazel. We sent for a constable and gave charge of Cleaver; Cleaver said he was to have sixpence for carrying this flat, of Widdison that was along with him. On the next morning I saw Widdison at Cow Cross, I catched hold of him and asked the carrier to assist me. I told Widdison he must go along with me. I took him to the officer that took the the other in custody, he tried to get away; I gave him in charge of the constable. I know both the prisoners well, I had seen them several times before in Newgate-street, and about Newgate-market. I am sure Widdison was one of the two.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TISSAKER
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of Cleaver, he went quiet with me to the watchhouse. Widdison was brought to me the next morning by the porter and bookkeeper, I took hold of him; as I was going along he made his escape from me. I called out stop thief, and he was stopped.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANSCOMB
               



            . I am an officer of the City.
Q. Taylor has said he saw the prisoners go from Charter-house-square from thence into Fan-street, is any part of that in the county - A. Carthusian-street is a narrow street. The whole of the footway is in the county, and on the right hand in the City.
Taylor. The man carried the butter on the left-hand on the flag-stones.
Cleaver's Defence. I had been to market about six o'clock in the morning to buy some potatoes to go out with in the day; I was coming along St. Johns-street, by the Bull's head, I met a man he asked me to carry the flat of butter, and he would give me six pence; I said very well; he put it on my shoulder, and I went on with it.
Widdison's Defence. I am innocent of the charge that is alledged against me; the other prisoner is quite a stranger to me.
CLEAVER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
WIDDISDON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
