





503. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of June
, a watch valu 4 l. two gold seals, value 1 s. a gold chain value 30 d and two metal watch keys, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Twist
                        




                     
                  , from his person.
            



                  RICHARD 
                  TWIST
               



             I am a taylor
, I live in Coventry court in the Haymarket. On the 4th upon between three and four in the afternoon, I was in St. James's-street


, endeavouring to make my way the crowd; on a sudden I found my watch from my pocket, I turned round and saw it dropping on the ground, a blue coat boy picked it up and gave it to me I do not know who took it.


                  JOHN 
                  APPLEBY
               



            . I am a On the 4th of June I was stationed at the corner of St. James's-street on duty, between three and four o'clock, I observed a crowd coming forward, and all of a sudden I saw the prisoner put his arm between Mr. Twist and another gentleman, and 
               drew
             a watch from his fob, and instantly he drew it the watch fell on the ground, a blue coat boy picked it up and gave it to the prosecutor. The prisoner pressed forward, I seized him, and called for the assistance of Jones and Blackmore to take him to the office.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLACKMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of June I assisted in taking the prisoner to the office. nothing him along he attempted to throw a handkerchief away, I seized his hand that endeavoured to do it. He took the handkerchief out of the nap of his breeches. On searching him at the office I found another handkerchief in his breeches pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. One of them handkerchiefs is my own, the other I did not see untill I came to the office.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
