





71. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEONARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of December
, a bed furniture, value 4 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Mullet
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Mullet
                  



               
            .


                  PAUL 
                  MULLET
               



            . I am an Upholsterer

, my brother James is my partner, I live in Moorfields


. On Friday last, I was desired to go to the Mansion-house, in consequence of the prisoner, who was my porter
, being stopped with a set of bed-furniture. I went there, I saw there, the whole furniture of a bed produced. I knew the furniture to be part of my stock. After I had seen it, I went to my warehouse, and found that part of my stock was missing. The value of it is about four guineas.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the city. On Thursday the 6th of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner with the property in his possession, near Tower-hill. He was alone. Being dark, I stopped him. I asked him what he had got there? he told me, bed-furniture. It turned out to be correct. I asked him where he was going to take it to? he told me, to sell it. He could not rightly tell the place. I put him into Aldgate watch-house. I told him then, I suspected it was stolen. He told me he had brought it from home, it was his own furniture. I asked him where he lived? he directed me to 13, Dagger-court, Moorfields; his father-in-law kept the house, and they all lived in one family. I search him; I found two large keys upon him. He said they belonged to the doors of his rooms. I told him I thought they were stable keys. He then said he found them. I then put him in an hackney-coach, and took him to the Compter. I asked him if he had any master? he said no, he jobbed about any where. In going to the Compter, he said, he did not live where he told me, he lived in North-street. He told me a lie. After I had put him in the Compter, I went to Dagger-court, to his first directions; they there informed me that he worked for Mr. Mullett. I gave the information, and Mr. Mullett came to the Mansion-house. I searched his lodgings, in North-street, he lived there. I found the keys belonging to his master's stables, in Moor-lane. I understand he had the looking after the horses.
Prosecutor. This is my bed-furniture; it was taken out of my warehouse without my knowledge. I am positive I had not sold the furniture to any body: the prisoner had been my servant for two years.
Prisoner's defence. I found these curtains in my master's stables. The man was very ill that used to take care of the horses. I went up to the stable one week, and found it. I know no more than I found these things. My master trusted me with all that he had almost. There was a man that lived there before, that robbed him, and the porters all would hang me now, if they could.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
