






103. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MASH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Lutz
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 1 s.; one pair of scissars, value 1 s.; four silver medals, value 2 s.; one sovereign, and two 1 l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  LUTZ
               



             (through an interpreter). I have been an officer in the Austrian service
. On the 19th of November, about twelve o'clock at night, I met the two prisoners in Cranbourne-alley. They took hold of me, and took me into a passage, and made signs that they wanted something to drink. They then took me into a house, in Porto-Bello-passage, Lisle-street


. I saw it was not a public-house, and would not stop. They came out with me, and threw me against a wall; Mash put her hand into my pocket, took out my pocket-book, and put it behind her. I wanted to take it from her, but she threw it away. I went to pick it up; they knocked me down. Whilst I was down, I lost my hat. They ran off, one one way, and the other another. I pursued Price, and took her. I called for assistance; the watchman came and took her to the watch-house.
Q. Are you certain they are the women - A. I am certain of Price; she took it out of my pocket. I never lost sight of her. I have not found my property.


                  MATTHEW 
                  DILLMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a noise in Ryder's-court, and found Lutz holding Price. He gave the account he has now given. He had stopped her there, and gave her in charge. I can speak German, and understood what he said. I know both the prisoners; they are always about there together, at every hour in the night. Mash was afterwards taken.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobree, who keeps a company-house, at No. 4, Porto-Bello-passage. I know the prisoners; they are the two women who came with the prosecutor, between twelve and one o'clock at night, on the 19th of November. They did not stop. I am certain they are the two. I knew Mash before.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable. About half-past twelve o'clock Price was brought to the watch-house with Lutz. I found nothing on her. The prosecutor took me to the house in Porto-Bello-passage. In consequence of the description they gave me of the girls, I took Mash on Monday morning. The prosecutor described her very exactly.
PRICE'S Defence. I was in Nassau-street. The prosecutor seized me, and the watchman took me.
MASH'S Defence, I know nothing of it.
PRICE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MASH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
