





1048. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HIBBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of September
, sixteen pounds weight of sugar, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Soppitt
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Beachcroft
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Soppitt
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas Seward 
                     Beachcroft
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a city constable. On the 17th of September, about half past eight in the evening, I stopped the prisoner in Cheapside, between Bread-street and Wood-street; he had a bag on his shoulder. I searched the bag; I found a loaf of sugar in it. I asked him he came by it; he told me the sugar came out of the country by the waggon. I took him to the Compter, and then I went to the house of Beachcroft and Soppitt. I produce the sugar.



                  JAMES 
                  SOPPITT
               



            . I am a wholesale grocer



. My partner's names are 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Beachcroft
               



            , William Soppitt, and Thomas Seward Beachcroft. The prisoner was our porter
 for near two years. The loaf of sugar produced by the officer, marked 38, that number is put on before the sugar is dried. I examined our sugar, and missed one loaf of that parcel. It is about twenty pound; it is worth twenty-five shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  TULL
               



            . I am a carman to the person who serves for Messrs. Beachcroft and Soppitt. On the 17th of September, I went there at half after seven o'clock in the morning; I loaded my cart with two hogsheads of sugar. In the first place, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Hibbest
               



             told me to untie my cart; I told him I would not; he said he wanted to put something in my cart. I said he should not put anything into my cart. He called me an old sleepy fool. He brought a loaf of sugar out of the warehouse, and put it in the cart, and between six and seven o'clock at night I took it out of the cart, and took it to house, and delivered it to Hibbert. I did not tell my master. I did not know what to do.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
