






666. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  





               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SUMNER
               





             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 8th of March
, 40 lbs. of lead, value 7s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morris
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Carter
                     



                  , and fixed to a certain building of their's, feloniously did rip with intent feloniously to steal it
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating that they did cut the said lead, instead of ripping it.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am clerk to John Morris and 
               
                  William 
                  Carter
               



            , salt manufacturers

, at Paddington


. On the 5th of March, in the morning, I found about a cwt. of lead cut from the gutter over the stable, and carried away; in consequence of which I and Roberts watched for them the next night, in the hayloft; about one o'clock in the morning I heard footsteps of more than one person coming into the yard, and go to the dust-bole, which could enable them to get on the stable. About three o'clock I heard some persons walking up the tiles, and cutting the lead in the gutter; in about five minutes we came out; I stood at the gate while Roberts went on the tiling after them - He called out; I ran to the wrong gate, so that one ofthem got away. I went to Roberts, who had secured Summer, and found 27lbs. of lead cut, and moved off the building on to the adjoining roof - A hat laid by it, which I have frequently seen the prisoner, Green, wear - He was brought back again in a few minutes, without a hat. I told him he had ran away without his hat - He asked me to give it to him, but I refused. We had taken Summer to the watch-house. I found a knife on the premises, with which the lead had been cut. 40lbs. more had been cut. but not moved. Green said the hat was his.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was on the watch, and heard some persons come on the premises; I afterwards came out and saw the two prisoners in the stable gutter I secured them on the adjoining wharf - I knew them before. I found the tiling taken up, and 27lbs. of lead cut away; the other parcel Green was in the act of cutting when we alarmed them. I told them if they did not stop I would shoot them, and called to them by their names; I knew them both well. About half-past five o'clock Green was brought in without a hat, and claimed the one left on the premises.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MASCALL
               



            . I took Green coming from the wharf, about five hundred yards from the prosecutor's-at half-past five o'clock, without his hat.
GREEN'S Defence. I was going along the road, and the watchman took me.
SUMNER'S Defence. I went to the place to sleep.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SUMNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
