





288. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     SEARCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, one basket, value 3 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Grosse
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROSSE
               



            . I am a basket-maker
, and live in High Holborn


. On the 31st of December, about eight o'clock at night, I missed a basket which hung on a string inside my door.


                  JOHN 
                  GAY
               



            . On the 31st of December, about eight o'clock at night, I was in company with Owen and Thompson, going to Oxford-street, Thompson pointed the prisoner out with two others; I followed him, saw him attempt several gentlemens' pockets, and try to take things from shop doors, but could not. They went to the cornerof Oxford-street, then turned down Holborn again. One of them went away with a girl. The prisoner and the other went to the prosecutor's, and attempted four times to take a basket. I saw the prisoner take out a penknife, and cut a string which fastened the basket to a nail, then take it off the nail, and give it to the other - both crossed the road; Owen and I secured the prisoner - the other ran away, and threw the basket down.
WILLIAM OWEN. I saw the prisoner and two others at the corner of Field-lane; they attempted several shops and gentlemens' pockets; the prisoner cut the basket from the door, and gave it to the other. Gay went after him, and took him; some of them ran across, and knocked me down. I had watched them for two hours and a half.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was present, and saw the prisoner with two others; I concealed myself, as they knew me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had no knife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
