





614. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 8th of December
, two pigs, value 8 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Ashton
                        




                     
                  ; whereof 
                     
                        John 
                        Rayson
                     



                   at the sessions holden for the county of Middlesex, on the 9th of February, was tried and convicted of feloniously stealing; he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MATTHEW ASHTON. Q. I believe you are a cow-keeper
, living at Bagnigge Wells - A. Yes.
Q. Did you, on the 18th of December, 1810, lose two sow-pigs - A. I did, out of Spa-fields


. I saw them about eleven o'clock in the day, as I came home from Smithfield. I saw the sows grazing in the fields; and between eleven and twelve o'clock one of the sows came home flurried, as if somebody had been driving them. I missed them about twelve o'clock, and desired somebody to go and look after them.
Q. When did you hear of them - A. Some few days afterwards. I saw them afterwards, in Worship-street office. They were then dead; and the pigs that I saw at the police office were the sow-pigs that I lost from my field. I am sure of it. I have no doubt upon it.
Q. You prosecuted Rayson, did not you - A. I did.
JURY. Were the bristles upon them when you saw them at the office - A. No.

 Mr. Knapp. Were there any particular marks upon them, by which you knew they were your pigs - A. There were some black places, where the hair was. We could tell them as well when dead as when alive; and by the make and shape, as well, they were my pigs. The man, 
               
                  William 
                  Adams
               



            , can say the same. He had the bringing them up. I am quite sure they were mine.
Q. to Mr. Fitzpatrick. Produce the conviction of 
               
                  John 
                  Rayson
               



             - A.
="
               
                  John 
                  Rayson
               



             was indicted, for that he, on the 18th of December, in the 51st year of the reign of 
               George
             the Third, with force and arms, did steal and drive away two sows, the property of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Ashton
               



            . The judgment, guilty. Transported for seven years.="


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a labourer to Mr. Ashton.
Q.Did you know these two sow-pigs of Mr. Ashton - A. I did. I fed them from the time they were pigged and reared up, and lost. On Saturday, the 18th of December, I saw them about ten o'clock. They were feeding upon turnips with the beasts. They afterwards were ordered to be turned out into the Spa-fields. The Spa-fields is the place they usually used to be in. There were three. About twelve o'clock one of the sows came home wild. I thought somebody might have been dogging her, as they often do, in the field. On Sunday I went in search of the two sows. I did not find them. On the Monday I went with Bishop, and found them at the Basing-house, in Kingsland-road. The two sows were killed, and hanged up. I knew the sows again by the marks in the skin. The marks in the skin remained.
COURT. Had they been killed then - A. Yes, and the bristles scalded off. The marks remained across the shoulders. I knew they were Mr. Ashton's property. I brought them up from their birth. I assisted the officer, and we brought them to the office.
Mr. Adolphus. You bred three - A. Yes, They came from three different sows.
Q. What particular marks were they - A. The water does not take the marks out, but the marks were across the shoulder, and down the legs.
Q. Must every pig that had that mark be your master's pigs - A. No. I would not swear that. I knew they were my master's pigs. I can swear that very well. I knew them by the features, and by the four feet that were not scalded; and the ring was not cut out of the sow's nose; and if it had I should have known the sow. One of the sows was knock-knee'd; and I knew it by the features.
Q. What do you mean by the features - A. There is a difference in that, as well as a man. The large sow I knew by the toes, as well as the knock-knee. The four feet were all white.
COURT. Were you examined upon the trial of Rayston - A. Yes. I spoke to them upon that occasion.
SHEDRAOH JACKSON. Q. You were examined upon the trial of Rayson - A. Yes. I was ostler then at the Basing-house in Kingsland-road.
Q. Did you know Kelly - A. Yes. He has a slaughtering-house in the Basing-yard. He rented it of my master.
Q.What is Kelly - A. A carcase, and retail Dutcher.
Q. Were you in the Basing-house on Saturday the 18th of December, 1810 - A. I stood against the gate. I saw two sow-pigs drove into Mr. Kelly's stable. There were no other pigs with them at the time. They were driven in by Rayson, who was convicted.
Q. Had you ever seen Rayson before with Kelly - A. Once before; about a fortnight before. On the same evening they were killed. Dexter and Kelly was killing them.
Q.Having seen this did you communicate it to your master - A. Yes, directly.
Q. Did you go to the police-office - A. No. Mr. Armstrong sent to me from his house. I communicated to him what I had seen, and on Monday, Bishop took me with him to Mr. Aston's. I then told him what I had seen. I asked him, whether he had lost any pigs.
Q. Did Mr. Ashton describe to you the marks of his pigs - A. Yes. He said, they were black and white.
Q. Did you find that the marks that Mr. Ashton described, corresponded with the marks of the pigs you had seen - A. Yes, I did. Then Dexter was taken to the office, and the pigs likewise, and Mr. Ashton spoke to his property.
Q. Did you see the pigs at the office afterwards - A. Yes.
COURT. Were they the same pigs that you saw taken into the yard alive - A. They were the same pigs, and they were the same pigs that I saw hang up, in the slaughter-house, dead.
Q. Were there the same marks that you saw upon the pigs at the office, as upon those that were drove into the yard - A. They were similar the same. The black mark was visible then.
Q. Did you ever see Kelly after that day - A. No; not after the Saturday night.
Q. Did not Kelly ever come back to the slaughterhouse - A. No, not as I saw.
Q. How long did you continue at the Basing-house after the Saturday - A. I left it last Christmas.
Q.Then, from the Saturday that you have been speaking of until last Christmas, did you ever see Kelly - A. No.
- DEXTER. I am a butcher. I live just by the Basing-house.
Q. Do you know Rayson - A. Never before that time. I never spoke to him in my life before. On Saturday, the 18th of December, I saw him about two o'clock in the afternoon. I was coming down Kingsland-road. I was employed by old Mr. Kelly.
Q. Were you sent for - A. I saw Rayson drive the two sow-pigs into the Basing-yard. He employed me to kill them, the same as you or any other gentleman did. I cannot say any more about him.
Q. Where was young Kelly at the time - A. I suppose about his business.
Q. Was not he in the yard - A. He came down Kingsland-road along with me. I do not know whether he did not go to his father.
Q. Who dressed the pigs - A. I dressed the pigs. Mr. Kelly and I killed them both together, and afterwards we dressed them together. Mr. Kelly knocked it down to a certainty, and I stuck it.
Q. How dare you to prevaricate in that way - A. That is the truth.
COURT. I expect you to tell the whole truth - A. That is the whole truth that I know.
Q. It is not. Now, sir, tell the whole truth that you know - A. Please you, my lord, there is so many people come into a common slaughter-house.
Q. Do you mean to say that you do not know whether Kelly was present when the pigs were dressed - A. He was, to be sure. I told you so. I asked him to assist me. Nobody employed me but the man that is convicted. I know nothing about the pigs, no more than you. Kelly knocked down one of them. I asked him to lend me a hand. That is all I know He knew about them to my certain knowledge, as I stand here.
Q. Who bought them - A. Who bought them!
Mr. Knapp. Who bought them - A. I cannot tell who bought them, because every thing was taken out of the slaughter-house.
Q. Now, they were driven into the yard. Who bought them before they were put into the slaughter-house. Who paid you for killing them - A. I said to the man, leave the money with Mrs. Kelly, in case you be absent when I have killed them. Mrs. Kelly gave the money to my wife. I received no money. I was not there.
COURT. Were you present when the money was delivered - A. No.
Mr. Adolphus. You never saw Rayson before that day - A. No.
Q. When you saw him he was driving some pigs down Kingsland-road - A. Yes.
Q. Which he drove into this place, which is a common slaughter-house - A. I did not see him drive them into the slaughter-house. I saw him drive them into that yard.
Q. Did other butchers come there, and butcher in a small way - A. Yes, as I have.
Q. When the pigs were driven into the yard, you say, young Kelly was not there - A. I know that he was coming down Kingsland-road along with me. I had been at work for his father ever since three o'clock in the morning. I was employed by Rayson, and nobody else. I was in the habit of assisting Kelly, and he me, when we were employed in any business whatever. It was by my desire that he knocked down one of the pigs. Rayson employed me to kill the pigs, and nobody else. I said, I would not dress them, unless I was paid for it. This I said in the open street.
Q. Did you see any thing done about selling these pigs at all - A. Not a word at all from Rayson to Kelly. I never heard one single syllable about buying in my life.
Q. How long have you known Kelly - A. Ever since he was a child. Twenty years, I dare say.
Q. You kill for his father - A. Yes. I had been killing for his father that day. I had worked for his father a long time.
Q. Do you know that the young man was in embarassed circumstances at that time - A. I believe he was.
Q. Do you know that he was out of the way sometime before, on account of debt - A. Yes, he was.
Q. Did he absent himself then on account of debt - A. He came home again shortly. His father settled his debts.
Q. Do you know that he has been at home since the time that Rayson brought these pigs - A. When he lived over the water, the second time, I know nothing about.
Q.You do not know when he ceased to appear there - A. No, I do not, indeed.
Q.Now, about this money that was left with Mrs. Kelly, did you see that money - A. No.
Q. What passed from Rayson to Mrs. Kelly, or from Mrs. Kelly, to your wife, you know nothing of - A. No.
Q. I understood you to say, that you told Mrs. Kelly to pay your wife - A. I did. I told Rayson to leave the money with Mrs. Kelly, provided he should be out of the way.
Q. What time did you slaughter the pigs - A. It might be four o'clock in the afternoon. I cannot tell what time it might be when I had done.
COURT. When you kill a pig for a man he takes it away, does not he - A. It is left there, until a proper time to take them away. I did not know whether the man would come, and take them away.
Q.When you kill for another man, does he leave it there or take it away - A. He comes and takes it away.
Q. Did Rayson call for this - A. Not as I know of. I never saw him before.
Q.When was Rayson taken - A. I think the Tuesday night following the Saturday.
Q.Then the pigs were not fetched away - A. They were taken away by Mr. Bishop and Mason.
Q. When did young Kelly leave the place - A. I cannot tell you that. I saw him on the Sunday, as the pigs were killed on the Saturday. I have not seen him until lately since.
Q. Has he been upon the spot since - A. I never saw him since, until last Saturday.
Q. Did he hold any conversation with you before he went away - A. No.
Q. Did you call upon him - A. No.
Q. Was Rayson by when the pigs were slaughtered - A. No.
Q. Did you see old Kelly at all upon the subject of these pigs - A. I did not.
Q. Was young Kelly with you at the time the pigs were driven in - A. Yes. I took notice of the pigs.
Q. Was old Kelly by at the time the pigs were driven in - A. He was coming down the road. He might not see the pigs driven in. I came by the gates at the time the pigs were driven in.
Q. Were you and young Kelly together at the time the pigs were driven in - A. We were, just before.
Q. At the time the pigs were driven in, were you and young Kelly together - A. I had been with him just before. I cannot say whether it was just at the time.
Q. How near were you to young Kelly at the time the pigs were driven in - A. I cannot tell. It might be a couple of hundred yards. He went one way and I the other.
Q.Did he go into the yard - A. I cannot say; I did not take any notice where he went. I was about my business.
Q.Who followed Rayson into the yard - A. I did not follow him. I cannot say who did. There was a boy with Rayson when I saw him.
Q.Who was Rayson to speak to - A. He sent for me at the shop-door.
Q. Upon your oath, where was young Kelly when you went into the yard to speak to Rayson - A. Upon my soul I cannot tell you. He might be in the yard for what I know.
Q. You must know - A. I do not, indeed.


                  JOHN 
                  BINGLEY
               



            . You are an errand boy, I understand - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing him, on Saturday, the 18th of December - A. Yes; I lived with him at that time.
Q. Do you know Rayson. Do you remember seeing Rayson - A. I have seen Rayson twice, with Mr. Kelly, at his house.
COURT. Did you know, at all what Rayson was - A. No; I was not there when he first came, on Saturday. When I came, back, I saw them together, at his own shop, the butcher's shop, in Kingsland-road, the corner of the Basing-house.
Q. Was Dexter there - A. I did not see him there.
Q. Was that young Kelly's shop - A. For what I know, it was.
Q. Did you see Rayson bring any pigs. - A. Yes; I met him in Huntingdon-street, Kingsland-road. I saw him with two sows; one of the sows was black and white. I afterwards saw the same pigs in the slaughter-house.
Q. Who was there at the time you saw the pigs in the slaughter-house - A. Me and Kelly, the prisoner, and Dexter. I saw them killed, and held the candle. Kelly knocked one down, and Dexter stuck it.
Q.Were these pigs that you saw driven, and that were killed, the same that the officers took away - A.Yes, there were no other pigs there.
Q. Did you hear the conversation that took place between Rayson and Kelly - A. No, they did not talk above two minutes; they did talk together. I do not know what they said.
Mr. Knapp. Was that conversation before or after the pigs were killed - A. The pigs were killed in the evening, after the conversation.
COURT. You met the pigs in Huntingdon-street - A Yes; and after I met Rayson with the pigs, I saw Rayson and Kelly in conversation in the shop.
JAMES EDWARDS. Q. I believe you are the landlord of the Basing-house - A. I am. The prisoner, Kelly, is a tenant of mine. The old gentleman was the first tenant, 
               
                  Young 
                  Kelly
               



             had a shop just by, and when the rent was advanced, they were both present at the time. I received rent of both of them.
Q. Have you seen any thing of Kelly, the prisoner, since the 18th of December, 1810 - A. I have seen him twice; the first time might be two or three months after the business with the pigs. I asked him, how he did? He said, I behaved like a man; as, for my servant, if I kept him I must take the consequence; he had given false testimony.
Q. Who was that servant - A. Jackson. When I met him again, he was in custody of the officers, leading him from my house.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street office.
Q. Did you, on Sunday, the 19th of December, go to Kelly's slaughter-house - A. I did, in company with 
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               



            . I saw two pigs hanging up. On the next day we brought the pigs away, in company with Adams, Mr. Ashton's man. We took the pigs away, from the slaughter-house, to Worship-street. Mr. Ashton recognized the pigs, and claimed them. We have tried all we could to apprehend Kelly, down to the present time.
JOHN ARMSTRONG. Q. In consequence of information that you received, did you use all your endeavours for the purpose of finding Kelly - A. I did. I went to Mr. Edwards's, one night, to apprehend Kelly: he was gone before I arrived. I had been to his wife. I desired her to send her husband to me about these pigs. I have never seen him until he was brought in custody by my two sons.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On the third of July, I apprehended Kelly, in a loft of a stable, covered over with some hay. I told him, I must search him. He said, I must do my duty. He would go with me where I pleased. 
               
                  William 
                  Armstrong
               



             was with me.
Q. to prosecutor. Whereabouts is the value of the pigs - A. I would not take nine pounds for one of them.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of the crime that I am charged with.
The prisoner called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
