





800. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FARREN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, a copper, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Barrett
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MAY
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar, bring a copper out of No. 1, Red Lion-market, Whitecross-street


, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and I followed him into Little Shire-lane, just by Temple bar, and he left it at a house there. When I came back, I went to tell Mr. Barrett, but there was nobody at home; but when Mrs. Barrett came home, I gave her the information.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Barrett
               



            , and in consequence of some information, which I received from the last witness, I went to Hatton Garden office, and got a warrant to search the house where the copper was deposited.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I have the copper here. I went with a search warrant to a house in Shire-lane, and found this copper in the back yard.
Elizabeth Barrett. That is my copper.


                  Robert 
                  May
               



            . That is such a copper as I saw brought out of Mrs. Barrett's house.


                  MARY 
                  DENNY
               



            . My husband is a dealer in Marine stores, and lives in Shire-lane. The prisoner at the bar brought this copper to our house, and wanted to sell it for fifteen shillings. I told him I did not know the value of it, but if he would come again when my husband was at home, he would speak to him about it. He left the copper in the back yard, and when he returned, my husband detained him, in consequence of some information which he had received.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DENNY
               



            . I am the husband to the last witness. The prisoner came to our house, and I had heard from 
               Read
             all about it; so I told him to walk in, and I would settle with him; and when he came in, I sent for the officer.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Watson.
