





412. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TOFT
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 26th of January
, was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hankin
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive monies and valuable securities for him, and that he being such clerk, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession 21 l. on account of his said master, and that he afterwards feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  EASTON
               



            . I am a baker; I live in Bermondsay-street.
Q. Have you been in the course of dealing with Mr. Hankin - A. I have; I know the prisoner as his clerk. In the month of January last, I was indebted to Mr. Hankin fifty pounds and upwards for flour that I had bought of the prisoner as Mr. Hankin's clerk. On the 26th of January, I paid to him twenty-one pound. I recollect making the payment very well.
THOMAN HANKIS. I am a mealman in Hertfordshire, my accompting-house is in Bishospgate-street; it is 108, and three or four doors from the church. The prisoner was employed by me, as clerk, in London, he was my clerk down to the 19th of February; he was employed to sell flour and receive the money.
Q. In the month of January last, was Mr. Easton indebted to you fifty pounds and upwards for flour - A. Yes, I attended in London every Monday and Friday, at my accompting-house, in Bishopsgate-street; I had other clerks besides the prisoner. When I came to town on the Monday my clerk should pay me the money they had received on the Friday and Saturday, and they were to pay on the Friday the money they received on Monday. On Friday, the 28th I was in London, he should have accounted to me for the money he received of Mr. Easton, he did not, until the 19th of February. I was not apprized by him of his having received any money of Mr. Easton. I questioned him about the money of another customer, after that I called upon that customer, and within two or three hours afterwards I saw the prisoner. I then told him there was something amiss, and I said, be cautious what you are at, he was flurried and acknowledged that things were not as they ought to be. Having other clerks at the desks I took him into another room. I then said, Mr. Toft, what have you been doing. He then told me that he had embezzled money to a considerable amount. He wished me to let it stand over till Monday, then he would settle the account to the amount of three hundred and twenty pounds. This sum of Mr. Easton's was part of it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
