






692. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILDEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, four pair of stockings, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lovegrove
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LOVEGROVE
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live in Whitechapel-road. On the 31st of March, in consequence of information, I went with Day and Davis, found the prisoners in Montague-street, and gave them in charge. I had put three dozen pair of stockings in my window that morning, and in about ten minutes after I missed twelve pair. Four pair were brought to me in the afternoon by Fortune, which are of the same description as those which I lost.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOURTON
               



            . I live two doors from Lovegrove. On the 31st of March, a little after eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners (both of whom I knew before), looking in at his window. Williams went in soon after, and came out with a bundle, which appeared to be stockings, she gave them to Wildey, who walked away with it under her shawl. She went into the shop again. I ran into the shop, and asked if they had lost any stockings? the little girl then missed them - Williams was not in the shop then. I and the prosecutor went in pursuit, but could not find them. I knew them both well.


                  MARIA 
                  DAY
               



            . I am sister-in-law to the prosecutor, and serve in the shop. On the morning of the 31st of March, Lovegrove put the stockings in the window. Williams came into the shop three minutes after, and asked the price of the ribbon, which lay at the further end of the window - the stockings were next the door. I did not understand which ribbon she meant. She said she would go and point it out, which she did, and came in again. I showed them to her, and while I turned to get others, she went out, and said she would call again. I had seen them safe in the window before she came in. Nobody but herself came into the shop till I missed the stockings. I knew the prisoners before.

Cross-examined by MR. NORTON. I saw the prisoner speaking together.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 31st of March the prisoners were brought to the office - after that I went to a house in Elger-street, Essex-street, Whitechapel. The street-door was open. I went up to the first floor, and found the door locked - I looked through the key-hole, and saw two pair of stockings on the floor, and two pair in a chair. I broke the door open, and took them. Wildey said she lodged there.


                  ISAAC 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoners on another charge, and found the key of the door on Wildey. I know nothing of this case.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say, that if you could do for the prisoners you would - A. No. They offered me two guineas not to appear against them.
WILDEY'S Defence. I sent Williams to ask the price of the ribbon. Davis said he would transport me if he could.
WILLIAMS'S Defence. Other people were in the shop at the time.


                  MARIA 
                  DAY
               



             re-examined. Nobody else was in the shop.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOURTON
               



             re-examined. When I said they were the women, they said they were in bed at the time.
WILDEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
