





369.
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HUDSON
                  




               
            , was again indicted for that 


               he, on the 18th of January
, feloniously did steal and take twelve packs of playing cards, value 2l. 5s.; twenty books of leaf gold, value 1l. 10s.; eleven pencils, value 9s.; one piece of India rubber, value 2s.; seventy-nine knives, value 5l.; four prayer-books, value 1l. 10s.; one umbrella, value 5s.; fourteen bound books, value 15s.; nine brushes, value 3s.; four leather cases, value 16s.; two silver tooth pick cases, value 2s.; two pair of tweezers, value 1s.; one magic lantern, value 5s.; one box of dominoes, value 3s.; one fire-box, value 2s. 6d.; one almanack, value 1s. 9d.; two memorandum books, value 3s.; two pamphlets, value 1s. 6d.; one ink pot, value 1s.; one pair of dividers, value 1s.; one purse, value 2s.; one box, value 1s.; one magnetic table, value, 5s.; one silver pen, value 4s.; six quires of paper, value 3s.; and two pounds in monies numbered; of the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Nowill
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Burch
                        



                     
                  , and sixty-seven 1l. bank-notes; the said bank-notes at the time of committing the felony aforesaid, being the property of the said Joseph Nowill and Joseph Burch, and the said several sums of money payable and secured, and upon the said bank-notes being then, to wit, at the time of committing the felony aforesaid, due and unsatisfied to the said 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Nowill
                     



                   and Joseph Burch, the proprietors thereof, against the statute
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NOWILL
               



            . I also lost the articles started in this indictment, and gave Brown direction to search the prisoner's lodging. We had frequently lost bank-notes and silver.
Cross-examined. I had three porters, none of them had the keys of the till. Four of my servants, had keys of the till. Kirkman had the care of the till. He told me we had lost the money. We deal in the articles stated in the indictment.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. I searched the prisoners apartments in Newman's-place, Bishopsgate-street, and found the property. Burch and Nowill sent me there. I found 67l. in 1l. notes and 2l. 17s. 6d. in silver.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NOWILL
               



            . I and Burch gave the officer directions to go there.


                  DAVID 
                  POOLE
               



            . I am an attorney. On the night that the prisoner was apprehended, I was sent for. The prisoner was brought into the counting-house, and asked were he lodged, he said were he lodged, and according to that direction, we sent and searched the prisoner's lodgings.
Cross-examined. I do not remember where he said he lodged, it was in some court in Bishopsgate-street. He did not mention the number.
Court. When the things were produced before the magistrate, what did the prisoner say - A. The officer said, where he found the property-he made no reply.
JOHN BROWN. I found the things at the place where I was sent to. I received directions in the counting-house to go there. I produced the property before the magistrate, and said, I found it in the prisoner's apartments - He said nothing. (I produce the property.) I found the notes altogether in a bundle, in the bureau.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NOWILL
               



            . I can identify four of the notes, they have my private mark on them.
Cross-examined. I do not know whether they have been paid to my customers, or not.


                  GEORGE 
                  KIRKMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs.
Nowill and Burch. I kept their cash accounts. I had often missed money, sometimes silver and sometimes above 1l.
Cross-examined. I do not keep their books now, I left that branch in January. I always mentioned it when I missed the money.
Court. Q. Do you know the notes - A. I can identify four of the notes to have been my master's property. I was present when the prisoner said that the notes belonged to his sister, I told him they could not belong to her; he said, he found the whole 67l. and the silver, in a bag.

Cross-examined. I have seen the prisoner in Newgate. I went to him to know where he found the notes.
Q. Did you not say, he had better say they were your master's property, or they would become the property of the sheriff - A. I said, if he expected mercy, he must tell the truth.
Q. Will you swear, you did not say, they would belong to the sheriff - A. I told him they must be our property, and he had better acknowledge it.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
