







752. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     NELSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEARY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of May
, one bag, value 1 s. fifteen yards of callico, value 15 s. two Bank notes, for the payment of five pounds each, value 10 l. and ten other Bank notes for the payment of one pound each, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hounslow
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOUNSLOW
               



            . I live at Etonbray, near Dunstable, in Bedfordshire, I am a dealer in straw plait
. I came to town on Friday the 12th of May, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Theed
               



             was with me. We went to bed at No. 2, Church-street St. Giles's


, we paid a shilling a piece for our bed; I had two five pound notes wraped up by themselves, five ones wraped up by themselves, and five other ones wraped up by themselves: they were all Bank of England notes; they were all in my pocket book, in the bag containing fifteen yards of cloth, I know some of the notes. When I went to bed, I set these things down against the wall; after I got into bed, this woman lay with me for the value of a minute or two; they were both in the room when we got into bed; they took the liberty of lying down by the side of us; we saw them in the publichouse, before we came there; we paid them for the beds, not knowing but they belonged to the house. They got up, and went down stairs, and came up with the man at the bar; the man asked me what business I had there, I told him I was very tired, and had paid for my bed, and wished to rest myself. He then forced me to get up, and struck me in the face; my bag was gone; Theed got down stairs and fetched the watchman; he asked them what was become of my bag, and they said my friend had taken it down stairs. The watchman searched for the bag all over the house but could not find it. The next time I saw my property, it was at the watch-house.
Cross-examined. I had not been drinking a great deal, I was not drunk; we had had some gin, we might have had a pint; I received a five pound note of my money at Battle bridge, and another at Islington, at strawhat shops.
RICHARD THEED. I was with the last witness, on the 13th of May in the evening; I know both the women very well by sight; all that Hounslow said is true; I saw Leary strike Hounslow.
Cross-examined. I know the house well that Leary lives in; Leary denied to the watchman that the girls were in the house; and when we searched, we could not find them they made their escape somehow. When we came back to the house, to search it another time with a constable, they had got into bed with another young man very comfortable, in the same room in which we had been at first. We took Leary and Johnson down to the watchhouse, and they were talking Irish all the way; and they speak that so fast, that I can't understand it; I went the next day to Marlborough-street, I was rather forward but I never was fuddled but twice in my life.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a watchman. The last witness came and called me to go to Leary's house, I went there and asked where the bag was, Johnson said, it was up stairs; and as Hounslow gave no charge, I went away then to a row at the other end of the street. I searched all over the house, when I was ordered back the second time, and then I found Johnson, and took her to the watchhouse, and the third time I took the other prisoner; when I was searching the house, Leary held a light to me; every thing he could do to assist me in searching, he did. I know the house very well, it is kept by Leary, and inhabited by respectable, industrious, hard working people.


                  JOHN 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am keeper of the round house. In consequence of a communication I received from 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Heron
               



            , I went with him to search the house, and he took a bundle out of the cockloft, which Hounslow knew immediately.
PATRICK HERON. I am a labouring man, I went to the watchhouse to see Leary. In consequence of something I heard some girls talking about in the passage of the round house, I communicated it to Leary, who told me immediately to go and search the house, which I did in company with Furzeman, and pulled the bundle out of the cockloft; Leary desired me to tell the officer what I had heard. We found no notes; here is the bag, and here is the pocket-book, and here is the linen that was in it.


                  John 
                  Hounslow
               



            . They are all my property.
NELSON 

               GUILTY
             aged 18.
JOHNSON 

               GUILTY
             aged 17
         
LEARY 

               GUILTY
             aged 23
         






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
