





105. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, one sack, value 2s., 6d., and four busheis of oats, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Reynolds
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the sack to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Bryant
               



            , jun.
WILLIAM BROWN. I am servant to Mr. Reynolds, who is a corn-chandler
, and lives in St. John-street


. On the 27th of November, about five o'clock in the evening, two waggons stood at our door; one of them was unloading - I was informed that a sack had been taken out of the second waggon - I found the prisoner at the watch-house, with the sack of oats which had been taken out of the waggon. I knew it to be my master's.
WILLIAM SALES. I drove the waggon to Mr. Reynolds's door, about five o'clock in the evening - A few minutes after I found the tail of the waggon untied, and a sack taken out - I saw the prisoner at the watch-house with it - I knew the sack.
THOMAS THOMPSON. I am an officer. On the 27th of November I was standing at the corner of Charterhouse-lane, in St. John-street, with Forbes. The prisoner ran across the road with the sack of oats on his shoulder, about twelve yards from Mr. Reynolds's; he came from that way. I followed him towards the square, and stoppedhim - I asked him what he had got? he said it was a sack of oats which he bought from Mr. Williams, of St. John-street. I said I knew no such person - He could not tell me whethere it was a shop or a private house-there is no such person.
JOHN FORBES. I was with Thompson. He has spoken correctly.
(Sack sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I sent a man to buy me a sack of corn - I went to look for him, met him, and he gave it to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
