






55. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CHAPMAN
                  , alias 
WATTS





             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SAW
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, five turkeys, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Allen
                  




               
            , junior
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRYMAN
               



            . I am a farmer, residing at Yousley, in Middlesex; my farm is close to the Canel. On Sunday, the 20th of November, I perceived my hay had been taken away; I traced hay all the way down the lane to the barge, that lane leads to the house of Mr. Allen; I tracked hay and feathers from the lane to Horton-bridge, where the barge was; there was a load of dung on the barge, hay, and feathers; we fetched a constable; we went into the barge, we saw Chapman, alias Watts, and Saw; we took the prisoners away from the barge. Chapman was very obstroperous, he tried to hit the constable; he kicked one mans shins. We met Mr. Allen; we returned to the barge again; we found a turkeys neck and a gizzard burning in the fire. We searched all round that part of the country, among a clump of bricks we found a sack, containing four turkeys, about fifty yards from the barge.
JOSEHH ALLEN. On Sunday morning, from information, I looked for my turkeys. I missed five. I went to the magistrate, got a warrant, and took Chapman and Saw into custody. The constable wenton board the barge; the constable put his hand into a sack, and pulled out part of a turkey. I saw the turkey's neck and gizzard. I saw four turkeys concealed in a sack in a brick-kiln about three hundred yards from the barge. Saw had some blood on his shoes, stockings, and breeches. Saw said, do you suppose there is no other blood besides turkey's? The four turkeys I found in the sack were my own. The cock turkey in the sack I had brad a great many years; I knew him by his feathers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am a constable. I knew Chapman before; I thought he was a returned transport. On Sunday morning I saw the two prisoners together, at the Bell public-house at Drayton, within half a mile of Mr. Allen's house. After I heard of the robbery, I went on board the barge; and apprehended the two prisoners. I saw a turkey in a dish in the barge; it was either a turkey or a large fowl; the head was off, and burning in the fire.
CHAPMAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
SAW, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
