





949. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of September
, one pocket-book, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fogram
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM FOGRAM. I was in Bartholomew fair


, on the 2nd of September, between nine and ten at night; I had a child on my shoulders. My pocket-book, containing nothing but some receipts papers, was in the bottom of an inside pocket, in my shooting jacket; I did not miss it until I was stopt by the constable in the fair.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer, and was watching the prisoner about the fair; I knew his person before. I saw him near the person of Fogram, who had a child on his shoulder; I could guess when he had got something from him. My brother officer, 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Johnson
               



            , told me to follow the prosecutor, and he would take care of the prisoner. I followed the prosecutor, and brought him to the Ram public-house.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I know the prisoner well. As soon as we guessed he had got something from Fogram, I followed him through the crowd, going through the mob, he put whatever he had got into his breeches; as soon as he got outside of the mob, I laid hold of him: he then ducked his head; he put his hand into his breeches, and then threw down the pocket-book, and then all the papers flew about. I was obliged to beat him desperately before I could get him along. I took him to the Ram, and there the prosecutor owned the pocket-book. Here is the pocket-book.
Prosecutor. That is my pocket-book.



               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
