





266. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, one silver spoon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live in Lincoln's-inn-fields


, where the Verulam Club is held - I keep the house, and am responsible for the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Orange-street, Bloomsbury. On the 21st of November the prisoner sold me two spoons - He said they were his own, that he was reduced in life, was obliged to part with them through distress, and that his own family crest was on them. I afterwards saw a hand-bill, giving a description of the prisoner, and gave information at Bow-street.


                  CHARLES 
                  RESTALLEE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harris. About three weeks or a month before the prisoner was taken, he came to the Verulam Club-house, and inquired for Mr. Sergeant Best, who is a member of the club. I told him he was not there - He went away; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. He came again in about a quarter of an hour, spoke to another servant, and went out. On the 24th of December he came again, and asked if Mr. Sergeant Best was dining there? we said he was (he was not there) in order to get him in - We apprehended him, and told him we detained him for stealing some spoons. He said he never saw the house before. We lost five spoons in all - They are generally in the passage.
JOHN MACDONALD. I am also a waiter in the house. The prisoner had been described to me. On the 24th of December I saw him standing at Mr. Sergeant Best's door, which is next to our's - He did not knock; he then came in, and inquired for Mr. Sergeant Best - We detained him.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 67.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
