





1441. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, five bonnets, value 17s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Valentine
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Isabella 
                        Phillips
                     



.


                  ELIZA 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Valentine
               



            ; I am in the straw-hat and child-bed linen business
. On the 28th of September a person, whom I believe to be the prisoner, came to the shop, represented herself to be a lady's maid, and said she had recommended them to me; she requested I would send bonnets for three persons. I told her I would send five. I sent them by Isabella Phillips.
ISABELLA PHILLIPS. I am apprentice
 to Mrs. Valentine-she sent me to take five new bonnets with the prisoner. She took me to Mr. Astley Cooper's, in Spring-gardens


, and said she would go down and see if her mistress or the housekeeper were in the way, as the lady would not like to have them brought down while she was there. She came up again, and said the housekeeper was there - She took them from me. I said I did not like to leave them without the money. She said she would go down and hear what they said. She came up again, and said, "You are to go and fetch the bill, and bring two mourning caps." I went back, and returned to the kitchen with the bill. They said they knew nothing about it; but that a woman had left some bonnets. I could neither get the bonnets nor money. I never saw the prisoner again till I saw her at the office.
ANN ODELL. I am cook to Mr. Astley Cooper, who lives in Spring-gardens. The prisoner had no situation in my master's establishment, not was she sent out by any of the servants to buy any thing. A woman, whom I believe to be the prisoner, came to our house on the 5th of October, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and asked for a name that I did not know. She returned in a few minutes with some bonnets, and asked me if she might leave them until she returned from Finsbury-square. She said she came from Brompton. She left them. I went out, returned in a few minutes, and they were gone.
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Garrow.
