





124. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOWNSEND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of December
, a watch, value 5 l. a gold watch chain, value 4 l. a cornelian seal set in gold, value 16 s. and a gold watch-key, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, 21, Aldgate, High-street


. On the 12th of December, about ten o'clock in the morning, Mr. Blacket brought a watch and chain and seal; the chain he wished to be mended, being broken. I said I would do it for him; he then left the watch on the counter, the chain and seal, at that time I was sorting some pearl; I had been parting some gold from silver at the back part of the house. I ran to the back part of the house to look after my work, forgot the watch entirely; I was absent about three minutes; on my return I forgot the watch. I went to my pearl again; I never thought of the watch till the next day. I then made inquiry; no one had seen the watch. On the next day I advertised it; that brought the chain and seal to light. Mr. Crouch had taken it in to pledge.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLACKET
               



            . I live at No. 9, Aldgate. On the 12th of December I left a watch and chain, seal and key, with Mr. Lewis.


                  JAMES 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a hatter.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, after he left my master he went to sea. I saw him in London about four months ago; he said he was down in the world. I treated him, and told him to call at my house. On the 12th of December he came to the shop where I work to enquire for me. I went home about four o'clock, he was at the Red Lion public house. He asked me to pledge a chain and seal; I thought it was not his own; I asked one of my shopmates to pledge it for me; I thought it was not gold.
Q. You gave the chain and seal that you received of the prisoner to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Johnson
               



            , to go and pledge it - A. Yes, the prisoner wanted three guineas on it; Mr. Crouch's man gave him twenty-five shillings on it; as soon as I found it was gold, I went into the shop, and when I came out I gave the prisoner the money. On the Tuesday following he came to me, and wanted to sell the duplicate. On the Sunday I happened to see it advertised a watch, and chain, and seal stolen from Mr. Lewis, Aldgate, High-street, and on the Tuesday when he said he wanted to sell it, I told him I thought it was stolen; he said how came I to think of that; then I let him see the paper; I told him to go to Mr. Lewis; he said he had not got the watch; he found the seal by Aldgate church, the seal in one place and the chain in another. He said he would not go with me if he thought he should get into any trouble. I told him if he came by it honestly he need not fear; he went with me; I delivered the duplicate up to Mr. 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Mr
               



            . Lewis asked him if he had got the watch; he said no; an officer came in; he searched him, and found the watch in his hat.


                  JANE 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . On the 12th of December the prisoner brought the chain and seal up into my room about three o'clock in the afternoon. I told him my husband was at work; he said he had been down to his shop, he was not there. I then said it would not be long before he was in; he said he would go to a public-house, and me to send him in; I told my husband when he came in; he said he did not want to see him; my husband went down stairs, and the prisoner came in and asked me to lend him a shilling. I said no; he shewed me this gold chain and seal; said he found it about seven o'clock as he came out of his lodgings at Wapping. He wished my husband to pledge it for him. I told him I did not think my husband would do it; I did not think he ever had been in a pawnbroker'sshop; he then asked me to take it. I said I did not like to take it; I did not think it was gold. The prisoner said he was sure it was gold by the weight and the work that was in it; he pressed me very much to go; I said I would; I knew my husband was down stairs in the parlour; the prisoner went down stairs; I called my husband up; my husband took it down stairs and asked if it was gold; then he took his shopmate with him and pledged it.
JOSEPH JOHNSON. I was at the Red Lion; Hawkins brought me the chain and asked me to pawn it. I went and got one pound five shillings upon it, and Hawkins gave the money to the prisoner.
WILLIAM MESSER. I am a servant to Mr. Grouch, 25, Providence-Row. This is the chain and seal I took in of the prisoner.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I went into Mr. Lewis's shop; he said he had lost a watch, gold seal, and the chain; here is the duplicate of the chain, and I suspect this man knows something of the watch. I took the prisoner of one side, and the first thing I pulled out was this metal seal. I took off his hat; in the lining of his hat was tied this watch, and in the corner of his handkerchief was tied up this key.
Q. 
               

            (to Mr. Lewis.) Have you any partners - A. No, I keep the house.
Q. How could this person come into the shop - A. I had left the front shop to go backwards; on my return I never thought of the watch; during that interval somebody must have come in and stole it.
Prisoner's Defence. On my crossing from the Minories to Houndsditch I picked the watch up; I went into this woman's house; I asked her where her husband was; she said at the shop. I told her I had a watch-chain, and asked her to pawn it; she said yes; she took the watch out and said she had given it to her husband. Two hatters came in and gave me one pound five shillings. I came up to the house; after that he shewed me the paper; I said if such a thing was lost, I would go to the house. I went to the house with him; I told him that I had found such a chain; the constable came, he gave me a black eye; if I had taken any thing wrongfully from any house, I would never go to it of my own accord.




               GUILTY
            , aged 50,
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
