






1024. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BRIGINSHAW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, one bound book, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ANN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I keep a bookseller's shop
 in Great Wild-street


. On the 1st of July the prisoner, Cole, came to the shop, the other prisoner stood by the door - Cole offered some books for sale, I said they would not suit me, and returned them to him, He was going away, and all of a sudden I missed Briginshaw from the door. A medical book was taken from the window; Cole immediately went out. In a few minutes they came back, and showed me some other books. I told them I suspected they had stolen a book, and they had better produce it. They both smiled. Cole said he knew nothing about it. Briginshaw went out, and Cole followed him. The constable afterwards brought them back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Black Lion, public-house, in Vinegar-yard. On the 1st of July Briginshaw came into my house with a saddle on his back, and said,
"My lads, see what a good day's work I have had! I have cut it from a gentleman's coach." As soon as he saw me, Cole put the saddle on his head and walked out. In about a quarter of an hour they came in again with the book - they had several others offering for sale, and were secured.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge. Briginshaw had the book. I found several books on Cole.
BRIGINSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
COLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
