





418. 
               
                  MARGERET 
                  ROBERTSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, twenty-four yards of printed cotton, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Laming
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an assistant to 
               
                  James 
                  Laming
               



            , linen draper
, Ludgate-hill


. On Monday the 28th Mr. Lee brought the prisoner into our shop, and the print, and about a quarter of an hour before I had laid the print on the counter within three yards of the door. I did not miss it till Mr. Lee brought it in, and then I knew it perfectly well, Mr. Laming had no partner at that time.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner in your shop - A. The quantity of people we had in the shop it is impossible to say. There are twenty-four yards of linen it cost sixteen pence a yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 28th of May a little after seven o'clock, I was passing down Ludgate-hill, in company with Hardy, I observed the prisoner whom I knew to be a suspicious character go into Mr. Laming's shop. I set Hardy upon the watch, I sent for assistance, I did not see the assistance I expected on Ludgate Hill. I returned and saw the prisoner within three or four doors of Mr. Laming's, towards Fleet-market; she was alone walking very brisk, she went down Fleet-market, and then I stopped her; I asked her what she had got in her apron; she made no answer but instantly gave it me out of her apron, this is the piece, I told her I knew where it came from, I took her back to Mr. Laming's.
Q Was the linen claimed by Laming's people - A. Yes, instantly as I took her in the shop; I have had the linen ever since in my possession.
- HARDY. I was on the opposite side of the way and saw the prisoner go into Mr. Laming's shop, I saw her go in twice she came to the door and went inagain; when she came out I followed her with Lee, she turned up a court, two other persons were with her, they all three went up the pawnbroker's court, a woman that was with her gave the property to her at the pawnbroker's door in the passage.
Q. How many persons had been in the shop besides this woman - A. Two others, the prisoner came out first, the two others came out in about two minutes afterwards.
Q. Did they all go up the pawnbroker's passage - A. Yes.
Q. Did Lee join you at the time - A. He joined me coming up the hill; I accompanied Lee till he stopped the woman.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in the pawnbroker's court, I was never in the shop so help me God, in Fleet-market the gentleman came up to me, I said, if it is your's take it, nobody gave it me; I picked it up and saw no owner to it.
Jury. Q.to Hardy. Did you see the woman come out of the shop - A. I saw the other woman take it out of her apron and deliver it to the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
