






1465. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BENGEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one frock, value 4 s. and one shirt, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a shopkeeper
, and live at Enfield. On the 2d of October, Cracknel and Ovenhall came to me between five and six o'clock in the evening - it was not dark; I then missed a smockfrock and a shirt off the line at the door - they hung against the wall, In consequence of what they said, I took Roe at the King's Arms, public-house, near my house; the constable was with me. He was put in the watch-house, but got out next morning by breaking a hole through the brick wall; he was taken a week after. I have not found my property.


                  THOMAS 
                  CRACKNELL
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at Enfield; I know both the prisoners - they are labourers

; Bengey lived with Mr. Wheelwright. On the 2d of October I was with Overshall, and saw the prisoners in company together - they had been together all day. I saw Roe go up to Mr. Davis's shop-door, and take, as I thought, a piece of cloth from the side of the door; Bengey stood close by against a post - Roe walked round towards the prosecutor's back yard, and Bengey followed him. They then returned to the door, took something which I thought was cloth, and went back again - I am sure they are the men - I knew them well before. They are natives of the place.
Q. Why not stop them at the time - A. They are such desperate characters that I was afraid. I went and informed Davis almost immediately.


                  JAMES 
                  OVENHALL
               



            . I was with Cracknell - I live two doors from Davis. The prisoners came up together. Roe spoke to Bengey, and then drew up to Davis's shop-door - some things hung outside. Roe took something, which I supposed to be cloth, then went round the corner, and in the course of a few minutes they returned and took something else - Bengey went round the corner with him both times. It was light. I informed Davis where they were gone. I am sure they are the men. I did not attack them because I knew them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. I took Roe on the 2d of October, and put him in the cage - next morning I found he had broken out through the wall. Ambrosebrought him to me eight days afterwards. I had been told to look after Bengey.


                  ROBERT 
                  AMBROSE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th of October I saw the prisoners together in the Forest. I afterwards apprehended them together at Enfield.
ROE'S Defence. I was drunk, and a man assisted me to break out of the cage. I know nothing of it.
BENGEY'S Defence. I was not with him.
ROE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
BENGEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
