





1367. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, eight brass plated shade mounts, value 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Spode
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Copeland
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNN
               



            . I am a manufacturer of plated articles for Spode and Copeland, and live in Swallow-street. On the 4th of April I sent sixty-four shade mounts to them(looking at eight). I know these are part of the lot; other people always pack them sixteen in a lot, these were packed eight in a lot,


                  BARNARD 
                  STONE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dunn. I delivered eight parcels of mounts to Mr. Powell, at the prosecutors' warehouse, in Portugal-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VALENTINE POWELL
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Josiah Spode and William Copeland. On Saturday, the 4th of April, I received eight parcels of mounts from Stone-on the Monday following I missed one parcel. The prisoner was a stranger.


                  JOHN 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I work for Mr. Dunn. I made the brass shade mounts produced; on the 10th of July I saw them at Mr. Thacker's, in Blackfriars-road, exposed for sale - I knew them again; having heard they were missed, I told Mr. Dunn. Potter and I went and gave Thacker 7s. for them, the prime cost is 24s.


                  CHARLES 
                  THACKER
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Blackfriars-road. I bought the mounts at Mr. Bullock's auction, in Holborn.


                  EDWARD 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I am an auctioneer. The shade mounts were sent to my sale by 
               
                  George 
                  Want
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WANT
               



            . I received them from Lock, and sent them the next day to Bullock for sale.


                  JAMES 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Exeter-street; the prisoner sold me a duplicate of the mounts produced, I have known him for two years. My servant redeemed them at Townsend's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUTTON
               



             TOWNSEND. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Little Russell-street, Covent Garden. On the 6th of April, the prisoner pledged them with me in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            ; he said his brother made them for ball or assembly-rooms.


                  PETER 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in July - He said he bought the duplicate of a man, and sold it to Lock. I afterwards took him to Townsend, he recognised him as the man who pledged them; the prisoner did not deny it.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the duplicate of a man in Spring Gardens for 1s. I could not find him again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Common Sergeant.
