





157. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     HEFFERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and willingly, on the 3d of November
, at St. James Clerkenwell


, and without lawful excuse, having in his possession and custody a forged and counterfeit bank note for payment of 1 l. knowing it to be forged
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harrison
               



            , who keeps the Crown and Anchor, King-street, Seven Dials, St. Giles's, Middlesex. On Tuesday the 3d of November, between eight and nine o'clock at night, the prisoner came to our shop, with Kingston and another. They came into the lobby of the bar; he asked me for a glass of peppermint. I served him; it came to 3 d. He laid a 1 l. bank note on the counter, and I said I had not got change, but would go and ask if my husband had any. He asked the others if they would have any thing; they gave no answer. I took the note into the parlour where my husband was with Furzeman and Hearn. I showed Furzeman the note; he gave his opinion about it. I returned to the bar, gave it to the prisoner, and told him I thought it was not good. He made no answer. Furzeman was then in the lobby, and took it out of his hand, and asked where he got it? He mentioned a name, which I do not recollect. Furzeman gave me the note, I gave it to my husband, who marked it in my presence - (looks at it.) - This is it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. The prisoner had no opportunity to destroy it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . My wife brought the note into the parlour. I went to the bar. She afterwards gave it to me - (looks at it.) - This is it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Giles's. On the 3d of November I was in the parlour of the public-house, with Hearn and Harrison. Mrs. Harrison brought a 1 l. note to me; I examined it, gave my opinion on it, then went to the bar, found the prisoner, Kingston, and a man named Dent. I went up to the bar-door, Dent turned round and was going away rather quick; I stopped him, and told him to go back. Mrs. Harrison then returned the note to the prisoner, and told him it was a bad one. I asked him for it, he directly handed it to me; I then handed it to Harrison, and told him to mark it. I also marked it, and then asked the prisoner where he got it; he said he got it from his master, Mr. Pocock, Whitefriars. I searched him. He held his arms for me to search him - I found nothing on him; I also searched Dent, who had a bundle of paper under his arms, and found 5 l. 2 s. 6 d. in silver, on him, and a good 1 l. note. I asked where he lived, he said anywhere when he had got money; at that time Kingston was swearing he would not be searched by anybody; I reasoned with him for about a minute before I attempted to lay hold of him. I then held him down while Hearne searched him; he found 24 s. on him - we took him to the watch-house. I then asked the prisoner where he lived, he also said any where when he had got money. I asked Dent again where he lived, he said in West-street, West Smithfield, and that he had the silver from a gentleman named Donelly, who was gone to Ireland. I again asked the prisoner where he got the note, he said he took it of a gentlemen on the water, but mentioned no name.


                  JOHN 
                  HEARN
               



            . I am a constable, and was present when the prisoner was searched; the prisoner said he received the note of his master, Mr. Pocock, of Whitefriars; he described himself either as a waterman or lighterman; I was in the watch-house, where he was again asked, and said he received it of a gentleman on the water, or whom he had carried by water.
JURY. Q. Did you go there accidentally, or had you any intimation of bad notes being passed - A. I went accidentally.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS POCOCK
               



            . I am a coal-merchant, and keep a wharf, and live in Whitefriars. I keep craft of my own, and hire lightermen to work them. I do not know the prisoner - I have no recollection of him. People are frequently employed to bring my barges up whom I do not see.
Q. Did you ever pay him a 1 l. note - A. I am sure I did not myself.
Cross-examined. Q. Who pays your men - A. It is usual to give an order on a public-house; but if they are paid by the week, they have money.


                  ELIZA 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Archer
               



            , who is a baker, and lives on College-hill. On Saturday night, the 3d of October, the prisoner came to our shop, and bought two quartern loaves, which came to two shillings and a penny. He paid me a 1 l. bank note - I told him I had rather not give change, as I was short of silver. He then said he must go aboard without bread, I borrowed a few shillings of my daughter to make up the change. I asked his name and address, he said it was Taylor, on board a cooper's barge. I gave the note to my daughter, who was at the desk, and she wrote the name on it, in my presence - it was never out of my sight; she returned it to me. I put it in my purse, and paid it away on Monday morning (looks at one). This is it. It has my daughter's writing on it.
Cross-examined. Q. He was a stranger - A. Yes, I saw him again at the House of Correction within a month after. I was taken to him, it might be within a fortnight.
Q. You expected to see the man who imposed on you - A. Yes, two men were with him, I pointed him out. I had no other note marked Taylor - it was returned to me two or three days after.
Q. The Bank will pay you 20 s. for it - A. I do not expect it.


                  MARY 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness, the note has my writing on it. I took it on the 3d of October - I was at the desk in the shop, my mothergave it to me to endorse, I returned it to her. I did not see the man sufficiently to recollect him - he bought two quartern loaves.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            , I am an inspector of bank notes (looks at the note) it is forged in every respect, it is not Bank paper - the apparent water-mark is put on after the paper is made. The letter N in the ONE is cut through in making the water mark. The letter No. before the number are engraved, also the letters in the date. In a genuine note they are printed. The signature is not Tabor's handwriting; that uttered to Mrs. Archer is also forged in every repect, the same as the other and both off one plate, it purports to be signed R. Clough, he was not a signer of small notes on the 13th of 
               August. He
             is a cashier, and only signs notes of 5 l. and upwards.
Cross-examined. Q. It might be torn by being rumpled - A. It is cut through exactly in the line.


                  CHARLES 
                  TABOR
               



            . I am a signing-clerk at the bank, and have been so for five years. I am positive I never signed this note.
Cross-examined, Q. You mean to swear you never signed forged notes - A. It is not my hand-writing - it is nothing like it.
(The note was then put in, and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going towards the Seven Dials, and fell in with Dent and Kingston. We went into the house. If I had known the note was bad I should have tried to destroy it. As to the other, I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21
         




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
