





1160. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RIPTIN
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a fraud
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CARR
               



            , ESQ. I am solicitor to the Excise. In consequence of some prosecution against 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cooper
               



            , he presented a petition to the Board of Excise; he presented two, one offering fifty pounds to stay the proceedings and costs. The Board accepted the proposal. Afterwards he presented another petition, requesting the Board to remit the whole. Upon that, I submitted to the Board that Mr. Fitchew should report relative to the statement of facts made in the petition. Finally the Board remitted the proceedings against Cooper altogether.(The petitions were here read.) I do not know the defendant; he had no situation under the Excise. He was never authorized to apply to Cooper for any money to make any compromise.


                  JOHN 
                  FITCHEW
               



            . In consequence of directions I received, I called on Cooper to levy fifty pounds, and forty three pounds cost; that was in the beginning of November, 1815; his family was in a most distressed state, and his children very ill; they were in such a state, that I did nothing then but reported. I recommended him to petition. I know that he afterwards did petition. I was not made acquainted with the stay of proceedings. I saw Riptin the defendant some time after that; he asked me at several times whether Cooper's money was not paid; I did not give him any direct answers for once or twice; at last I told him it never would be paid, and I told him that I had a petition to report on, and I believed that the Board from distress, would remit it altogether. The defendant said that he believed that Cooper could pay as well as any of the rest if he was pressed for the money. He seemed distressed that the money was not recovered. I afterwards saw him in the course of June, 1816. The first time I saw the defendant was in the House of Correction in Cold Bath Fields. He gave the information against Cooper.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . In consequence of having some Exchequer Proceedings against me, I presented the first petition. Mr. Fitchew waited on me, demanded a sum of fifty pound and cost, which together would make a sum of ninety four pounds; I was unable to pay, and in consequence of Mr. Fitchew's advice, I presented a second petition. As far as I knew, I never received any answer from the Board. Riptin called several times after the second petition, I have known him five or six years. When he called on me, he said he came from the officers of the Excise, I understand, said he, that you have petitioned the Board, and you have sent a certificate, but I can assure you that it is going on against you, and it will make it still greater expence; now I have it in my power to settle it for you, for about twenty five pounds. I told him he might as well ask me for twenty five drops of blood from my heart. I told him I had not got the money. In consequence of his calling several times, he was paid, twelve pounds by my wife for setting the business. He said that there was not a shilling of it for him, and he said, I ought to make some compliment for himself. I agreed that he should have a little gin, rum, and brandy, as a compliment for his trouble, and I asked him for a receipt for the money; but he said that the Excise never gave receipts; but he told me I might rest assured that it was all perfectly right, and that I would never be called on for a shilling. After that he sent a person for the spirits, and got them.
SARAH COOPER. Corroborated the account of the last witness.



               GUILTY
             aged 53.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
