





1212. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 3l. in monies, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Heins
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARTIN 
                  HEINS
               



            . I keep a coalshed in Well-street


, and rent the house. On the 25th of June, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in with a bundle of writing-paper, and asked me to buy it; I refused. A little boy came in and paid me some money, the prisoner watched to see where I put it, which made me suspect him. I turned my back to get a customer some herbs, the prisoner said he should wait till my wife came down. I went to the till and found the drawer out, he was off immediately; I went after him, there was 3l. in notes and 4l. of silver in it - I could not find him. Next day I got an officer, who took me to a skeale-ground, and told me to point him out, he saw me and staried off, and said, Nose, and Jackson is behind; he pulled some silver out of his pocket and gave it to another man. I called the officer, he came and took him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I never counted the money. I am certain the prisoner is the man.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner at the skettle-ground of the Golden Ancher. As soon as he saw the prosecutor he called out, Nose and Jackson is behind; I came forward; the prosecutor pointed him out; he went into the next ground - I took him.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
