







675. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     PICKARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April

, 24 yards of floor-cloth, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Hildyard
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDGCOMBE
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  DOVER
               



            . My father is a broker, and lives in Newman's-row, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 12th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the door, with my father. My brother pointed the prisoners, Carter and Pickard, out to us, saying they had stolen the oilcloth. They sent me to Mr. Hildyard's, to see if he had lost any-Mr. Hildyard sent his man with me. We met my brother in Hand-court, and he went with him, I enquired if a man had been seen with the cloth, and was sent down Parker's-lane - I made enquiry there-was sent towards Holborn, and going down Drury-lane, I looked up Short's-gardens, and saw three men together, with the cloth. I went down the opposite side of the way, and watched them into an old iron-shop. It was Carter and Pickard that went in, and the other man passed by - He appeared to be in company with them. I got Wicks and Furzeman, and shewed them the house they went into. I am sure the prisoners are the men. I watched the house after they went in, and no person came out.


                  SAMUUL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. Dover shewed me the old iron-shop, in Short's-gardens, and said the men had gone in there. I saw the prisoners, Carter and Pickard, coming out of the back parlour-the prisoner, Edgcombe, had got the door in his hand, letting them out. I went in; they saw me - I found the oil-cloth on the bed in the room. I secured Pickard and Carter, and Dover said they were the men. I ordered Edgcombe to attend before the magistrate, which he did, and was committed.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROW WICKS
               



            . I am beadle of St. George's. I was with Furzeman, and secured the prisoners. The oil-cloth was laying on the bed. Edgcombe's wife said,"for God's sake, Furzeman, do not take any notice of it;"
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
PICKARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EDGCOMBE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
