





928. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GERMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sowerby
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night, of the 12th of October
, and stealing therein, nine ear-rings, value 11 s.
             his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sowerby
               



            , pawnbroker
, No. 4, Cannon-street road, St. George's, Middlesex


. Mr. Sowerby does not live there.
Q. Did you tell the clerk of the indictments, that Mr. Sowerby did live there - A. Yes. The female servants and the apprentice lives there. Mr. Sowerby resides in Chiswell-street, Finsbury-square.
Q. Was there any ear-rings taken from this shop Of my own knowledge, I don't know. I attend for Mr. Sowerby; his bad state of health will not permit him to attend.


                  MATTHEW 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Sowerby. On the morning of the 13th of October, I discovered that the bottom part of a pane of glass had been shoved in; I do not know what time it had been done; it could not have been done a day. I knew there were ear-rings placed directly opposite where the whole was made, within an inch of the bottom part of the glass, about dinner time, on the 12th, there were ear-rings there; nine of the earrings were missing, one ring was taken from a card, and one left. I saw the ear-rings the next morning at the watchhouse; I knew them to be my master's property. The prisoner was in custody at the time I saw him.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  CROFT
               



            . I am a hair-dresser. On the evening of the 12th, I was standing at my own door; I saw two lads at a watchmaker's window, in the street I live in; the prisoner was one of them. I heard some glass drop from the watchmaker's window; immediately the prisoner's companion ran away. The prisoner went to two windows further on, looking in at Mr. Ellis' window, a furrier. The patrole came up to me; I told him of the prisoner; he laid hold of the prisoner, and took him to the watchhouse. The other boy made his escape.
GEORGE HENLEY. I am the patrole. From the information of Croft, I laid hold of the prisoner; I asked him what he was doing of; he said, he was going home. I felt in his breeches pocket, and found he had this wire in it. I took him to the watch-house, and searched him; I found these nine earrings in his fob-pocket. These ear-rings were claimed on the 13th by Moss, Mr. Sowerby's apprentice, as his master's property. These are the earrings, and this is the wire, The prisoner attempted to threw the wire away going to the watchhouse; I prevented him.
Q. to Moss. Look at the ear-rings - A. They are all Mr. Sowerby's property. This ear-ring tallys with the one I have got. The value of the nine earrings are eleven shillings.
GUILTY, aged 12,




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
