





71. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     AARON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, one eye-glass, value 2s.; one snuff-box, value 14s.; one watch, value 1l.5s.; and 25s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Barker
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        George 
                        Barker
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        George 
                        Barker
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker

, in partnership with 
               
                  Robert 
                  Barker
               



            , we live in Houndsditch


 - I live in the house. On the 4th of November, about ten o'clock at night, when I came home I found the prisoner in custody.


                  CHARLES 
                  FREDERICK PRETTY
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Barker. On the 4th of November, about half-past nine o'clock at night, the boy alarmed me; I went into the shop, and found the prisoner secreted in one of the boxes. He said, he came for a night's lodging. I pulled him out, and found the eye-glass and his shoes, by his side, and a quantity of silver and halfpence in his pocket. He said his mother had sent him on errand with the money. I asked him how much there was? he said, 15s. 6d. I said, there was a great deal more. He said, he meant 22s. 6d., which was not correct. I do not know exactly how much there was.
THOMAS WOOLSTENHOME. I am shopman to Messrs. Barker. The apprentice called me up. I found part of the flap of the box up, and saw the prisoner in the corner of it - He had undone part of the door - He had taken a screw out. I told him to strip himself - I found a watch in his trowsers; he tried to hide it behind the ladder. I saw the reading-glass and snuff-box on the floor; his shoes were lying close by his side. He must have got in at eight o'clock, just as the doors were closed, and laid along the floor.
FRANCIS TILLARD. I am an officer. I was sent for, and questioned the prisoner how he got the property - He pointed to the till, and said he got the money out of it, and the snuff-box, glass, and watch, out of the window.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The money was my own.
GUILTY. Aged 11.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
