






340. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, a watch, value 3 l. two seals, value 2 l. and a watch key, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Sandford 
                     Dodd
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SANDFORD DODD
               



            . I am not in business at present. On Tuesday morning, the 7th of April, between one and two o'clock, I was attacked by three women a few yards from Bride-lane, in Fleet-street


, I requested them to let me pass; they got me against the shutters, the prisoner Smith snatched my watch out of my pocket and ran down Bride-lane; I pursued her, and never lost sight of her, and called to the watchman; I caught her at the corner of the passage that goes into Bridge-street, I heard the chain rattle going down Bride-lane, another woman passed by whom I supposed took the watch from her.
Q. Who is that other woman - A. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Powell
               



            , I believe.
Q. Was she one of the three women that stopped you in Fleet-street - A. I cannot positively say, I believe the watchman can. There were three of them.
Q. As to Smith, you never lost sight of her - A. No, I never lost sight of her untill I catched her at the corner of the passage. I was then as sober as I am now.


                  THOMAS 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am a watchman, my box is against the large china manufactory in Fleet-street, my beat leads into Bride-lane. I went down Bride-lane calling the hour of one, and returning back I saw Mr. Dodd, and I saw three ladies, whom I knew perfectly well, Smith, Powell, and another; Mr. Dodd appeared to me to be wanting to pass along, two of them had got him up against the shutter, I ordered them to disperse.
Q. Who are the two that had got him up against the shutter - A. Powell, and the one that is not here. This was about two doors from Bride-lane. Smith was standing just at the corner of Bride-lane, against the post, and as this gentleman extricated himself from the other two she laid hold of him as he passed along; he appeared to me to wish to extricate him to pass; she is a lusty woman, and he a slight man; she was too powerful for him, she pushed him down Bride-lane, and was followed by Powell; when he got five or six paces down Bride-lane he called out watch, I have lost my watch. I kept following them down, I expected to be given charge of them; he pursued them untill he got to the corner of a passage that leads into Bridge-street, there he secured her, and I took her in custody.
Q. Who was the other woman with her - A. Powell was the only person that passed down Bride-lane, she passed them and kept running along, never stopped, but went into Bridge-street; she was taken into custody by a watchman, upon hearing the cry of stop her.
Q. Was the watch ever found - A. No, not as I know off; the watchman that took her in custody took her down to the watchhouse, he knew nothing of the robbery.
Q. You know Powell before - A. I knew her person very well, and I knew Smith perfectly well.
Mr. Knapp. You did not know the prosecutor before, did you - A. No, never.
Q. This was one o'clock in the morning - A. I dare say it was half past one at that time.
Q. Sometimes you have seen young men in the street freshish at that hour - A. I have, too many of them, it did not appear to me that he was.
Q. Do not you believe that the watch has never been found - A. I do believe that the prosecutor, nor any person here knows any thing about it.
Q. to prosecutor. Your watch had a chain and seals to it - A. Yes. I never found them again.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Bride's. On the 1st of April, about half past one in the morning, the two prisoners were brought into the watch-house, I searched them separate; I knew them before; I found no watch about either of them.
Smith left her defence to her counsel.
Powell's Defence. The watchman has spoke wrong, he says he saw me run down the passage into Bridge-street.
Godfrey. The person that followed Smith was Powell; I am as positive as I am of seeing your lordship.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
POWELL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
