






877. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BLUCK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ELLIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Sheeham
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 2 l. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. two bank notes for the payment of ten-pounds each, value 20 l. and three bank notes for the payment of one-pound each, value 3 l. the property of the said 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Sheeham
                     



.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHEEHAM
               



            . I am a poor sailor
, and lost these articles. I don't know whether it was in the company of these women or not.


                  PETER 
                  MAGUIRE
               



            . I am a publican, and keep the sign of the Blue Anchor, York-street


. Sheeham and the two prisoners came into my house, about nine o'clock, on the night of the 16th of August; they ordered a pot of beer; the prosecutor was quite drunk; they went into the parlour; and soon after I went into him, and said, Jack, come, think about stirring; and they went out immediately afterwards. I went into the room soon after they were gone, and saw a watch laying on the floor. It was my girl first told me to send the prosecutor away, for she said, he had a watch, and being with bad women, would lose it.


                  MARGARET 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am servant at the Blue Anchor, and saw the prosecutor drunk with the two prisoners, in our parlour, on the night of the robbery. I saw some papers in 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bluck
               



            's lap, looking like notes, but I don't know that they were so. The prisoners went out of the house, andon being brought book in custody. I saw the prisoner Bluck put her hand into her bosom, drop some paper on the floor, which on my picking up, I found was two twenty-pound notes, three one-pound notes, and a discharge ticket. I did not see Ellis do any thing.


                  GEORGE 
                  PIGE
               



            . I was in the watchhouse when the two prisoners were brought there; and the property was delivered to me.
JOHN LACOMBER. I am a gentleman's servant, and was in the tap-room of this public-house, in company with Mr. Parker. I saw the prisoner Bluck, drop the papers, which were afterwards discovered to be notes.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a coal-metre's man, and saw the watch which has been produced, found some time after the prisoners were taken to the watch-house.


                  Edward 
                  Sheeham
               



            . That is my watch, and that is my protection ticket, which was found with the notes.
BLUCK, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ELLIS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
