





436. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of April
, eighteen yards of ribbon, value 11 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Chapman
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am an haberdasher
, 20, Bishopsgate Without


. On Friday afternoon, the 10th of April, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner came into my shop, she asked for a skein of thread, I gave it her, and before she quitted the shop a person came in for black ribbon, I shewed the black ribbon, and the prisoner stopped and looked at it, and at the same time she looked at the different ribbons and asked the prices, she told me she would have three quarters of a yard of narrow ribbon, and while I was doing up the ribbon for her, I turned my head aside to answer another person, she then took the ribbon that I had cut off the three quarters of a yard for her, she took the ribbon that I had done up for her and was going to leave the shop, she then said have I got my skein of thread? I said yes, and something else. I took hold of her hand that held up her apron, and in her hand was the ribbon. I then sent for an officer, and gave her in charge. I did not see her take it. She did enough for me to have suspicion.
Q. The other woman was not connected with her was she - A. No, not in the least.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the ribbon.
Prosecutor. There is my private mark on the ribbon.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in to buy some thread and ribbon. I know I had the ribbon in my hand, I was going to ask him to cut me some off; I am innocent of going to take it, I was going to buy some of it.
Prosecutor. She was not going to buy any more, she was going away. I had the ribbon drawer out when she first came in the shop, she pulled the ribbons about. I had my suspicions about her then.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of Stealing, but not Privately in the Shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
