





418. 
               
                  
                     ELIAS 
                     ABRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of March
, a tea caddy, value 5 s. and a silver spoon value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Avice 
                  Kelham
               




            .
TAYLOR 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I was a servant to the late 
               
                  John 
                  Kelham
               



            , he occupied the attic chambers, No. 12, Staples Inn


, I reside in the chambers to take care of the property, and Avice Kelham occupied one of these rooms during her brother's life.
Q. What time did you leave the chambers - A. On Saturday, about three o'clock in the day. When I went out I locked the chamber door, I had locked the outer door on the evening before, both doors were perfectly secure when I went out: I returned to my chambers about ten minutes before four, and when I got upon the third landing I met the prisoner coming down, I went two or three steps further, and saw that the small room door had been violently used, that room door was broken open, Mrs. Kelham occupied that room, I pursued the prisoner, and got hold of him by the collar, on the last flight of stairs; I asked him what business he had on the top flight of stairs, he said, he had been to see if they wanted any pens or quills; he had none with him: I told the prisoner he had not been in the habit of selling pens or quills there, he had no right there, I detained him, and sent for a constable. The prisoner was searched in Mr. Townshend's presence, we found upon him two and three large spike nails, one of them bent, a gimblet in the bosom of his shirt, a small pair of pincers, and a file. In searching the prisoner's breeches pocket, something fell out, the prisoner snatched it up, it turned out to be a caddy spoon. After having secured the prisoner, the constable and I went to the small chamber, we went in, there had been a piece of wood split off the door, about an inch wide, by the lock, and about two feet long, and two or three holes bored slanting, by a gimblet; it appeared that there had been something pushed in the lock, and the bolt of the lock had been pushed back. In the room, two boxes had been forced open, one of the boxes had been corded, and the cords were cut; the other box had been nailed, the nails had been drawn, and two caddys were on the floor, they had been both opened, and the tea spilt about.
Q. The caddies were left behind - A. Yes, the spoon was in one of the caddies, I have no doubt. On our missing the spoon we asked the prisoner for the spoon, he said he had not got it; we asked for something he let fall, the constable searched him, and found the spoon in his shoe. This is the spoon, it is bent, it was in the shoe, under his right foot. I have no doubt that the spoon is the property of Miss Kelham; I had seen it frequently in use.

 Bolderow. I am constable and porter. I was sent for, I found the prisoner at No. 11, at Mr. Townshend's. This is the spoon, I took from his right shoe; these other things were delivered to me; I looked at the door, it had the appearance as if it had been broken open with these implements.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
