





958. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WAITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, one shirt, value 10 s.; one coat, value 20 s.; one waistcoat, value 5 s., and ten neck-handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Anderson
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Mein 
                  Anderson
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am master of the Trusty, Leith sloop
, which laid at the Miller's Wharf, Middlesex


; the prisoner was stationed on board as Excise officer
 - he was eight days on board. On the 17th of May, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I went on shore - my trunk was then locked. I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock, found it broken open, and the articles stated in the indictment gone - the prisoner was not on board then. Next morning I went with the officer, and found him at the Helmet, public-house, with my waistcoat and shirt on his back, a handkerchief round his neck, and two in his hat.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did he not say he was wet through and he put them on till he could dry his own - A. It was not a wet night.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRANT
               



            . I am a Thames Police constable. I went with Anderson, and apprehended the prisoner at the Hoy and Helmet; I found a silk handkerchief and a bladder in his right-hand coat-pocket; in his other pocket I found a tin tube and another handkerchief; the shirt and waistcoat were on his back, and a handkerchief round his neck. He said he knew he had done wrong - he afterwards said the steward gave them to him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It was not done with intent to steal. I was wet through and went to awake Jennings to borrow his clothes, but could not awake him, so I took these, thinking they were his. I never went out of sight of the vessel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
