





9. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TIBBITS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 3d of November
, one cask, value 2 s.; two gallons of gin, value 1 l.; two shirts, value 10 s.; two pairs of sheets, value 3 l.; eight handkerchiefs, value 12 s., and one waistcoat, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Slack
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SLACK
               



            . I am a stage coachman
, and live at the Belle Sauvage. On the 3d of November, Mr. Preston's carter, from Sewardstone, came into the tap with the prisoner, in the morning, and asked me to send what dirty linen I had to Sewardstone, with two gallons of gin. I gave the linen to the carter, and said I would bring the gin myself to the George Inn, Smithfield


 - the carter went away with the prisoner and the linen. About half an hour after, the prisoner came in, and asked for the gin. I said I would bring it directly - he offered to carry it. I said he might carry it, but I should go with him. I saw it left in the bar with the linen, and gave the prisoner, a pot of beer for his trouble. He then said he was servant
 to Mr. Preston, and had lived two years with him. I said I had never seen him, and did not know him in the country - as I had lived there. He said he had been at a farm of Mr. Preston's, about three or four miles from Sewardstone, but as Mr. Preston had nineteen sheep stolen, he was taken to the other farm to look after them, and that he was going home to Sewardstone with a load of dung, and the other carter was going home empty - that he could not get home till he returned, as he had one of his horses. He and I went to the corner of the Old Bailey together, to meet the carter. He said the carter had ordered him to stop there till he came, and he would send him to me. I left him there, and in about an hour the carter came to say the things were gone from the George, and that the girl had delivered them to the man, who brought the gin with me. I said it was his fellow-servant. He said he had never seen him before. I said they were concerned together, and if they were not found, he should pay for them - I have never found them.


                  LOUISA 
                  PARRATT
               



            . I am a servant at the George-tap, Smithfield. On the 3d of November, Mr Preston's servant gave me a bundle of dirty linen, soon after Tibbets, and the prosecutor came with two gallons of gin. Slack gave him a pot of beer. Soon after the prisoner came back, and said that George, who was Mr. Preston's servant, was in a hurry, and I was to give the things to him. He said he had lived two years with Mr. Preston - I gave him the bundle and gin. Soon after the regular carter came for them - he said he knew nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . I am Mr. Preston's carter. I met the prisoner in Giltspur-street, he asked me where I was going - I had a parcel under my arm - he asked me to let him carry it - I would not. I let him carry the empty cagg to Slack's - he went in with me - he went to the George Inn door with me. When I left the linen he said he was horse-keeper at the George. I met him one day afterwards, and secured him, and found the things were gone from the George - he never lived with my master.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
