





443. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of April
, a frock, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Morgan
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I know nothing further than the child went down stairs between five and six o'clock, and about seven she was brought home; I did not miss the child she is five years old, I live at the Horse-shoe, Little Britain.



                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 15th of April, between six and seven o'clock, I heard a child say, my mother will beat me if you take my frock off, the woman said, no, she would not, she would bring her a pretty one and a penny cake, she saw me and then she said, my child I will take your frock your mother has got company, you must not go home in a coloured frock; I went down and pursued the prisoner and stopped her, we asked the child where she lived, she told us, we took the prisoner to prison, there was found upon the prisoner a velveteen jacket and trowsers. When I stopped the prisoner she said, what do you tremble for I do not, I have done nothing but what is just and right.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIDEY
               



            . I am an officer. I happened promiscuously to come past there while the woman and twenty or thirty people were up the court; I asked what was the matter, 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



             said, here is a woman that stripped a child, I took charge of the prisoner and the frock.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. Great distress drove me to what I have done, if your lordship will be merciful to me. I will leave London, and never leave my native parish any more.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
