





770. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 9th of May
, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 4 l.; one chain, value 30 s.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 5 s.
            , his property.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I work at a glass-cutter's
 in Fleet-street. On the 9th of May, about ten o'clock at night, I was in Beauchamp-street, Brooks-market


, and met the prisoner; he made a snatch at my watch, and took it out; I kept hold of the seals and chain, it broke, and he went off with the watch, and part of the chain. I cried out Stop thief! and followed him; I never lost sight of him - he stumbled, and was secured in less than two minutes. My watch was found immediately.


                  CHARLES 
                  BYE
               



            . I am a plater, and live in Beauchamp-street. I was at my door, and heard the alarm, ran out, and saw a young man take the prisoner as he stumbled; I saw him throw something away, and heard glass break; I looked down, and found the watch - the case laid a little way off, I picked it up.


                  RICHARD 
                  HATTON
               



            . I am a beadle. I took the prisoner in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking, and was going out of a friend's house; I supposed I must have laid there until I was taken.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
