





892. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 12th of September
, feloniously had in his custody and possession three forged bank notes for payment of one pound each, he knowing them to be forged
            .
SECOND COUNT, that he had in his custody one forged bank note, he knowing it to be forged.
THIRD and FOURTH COUNTS, that he had in his dwelling-house, like bank notes; and
TWO OTHER COUNTS, that he had, without lawful excuse, in his lodgings, like forged bank notes, and
ANOTHER COUNT, in his apartment like bank notes.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell-office. I accompanied Hewitt and Hope to the prisoner's house, Devonshire-street, Bethnal green


, on the 12th of September last. I found the prisoner at home. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Crane
               



             came home soon afterwards.
Q. How do you know it to be the prisoner Crane's house - A. He told me so. I watched Caley out of it. On the 11th we proceeded to search the house. Hewitt had got the prisoner in his custody. Hewitt told me, in the prisoner's hearing, that he had some silver that he found upon Crane. I then went up stairs to search for more, and just as I was up stairs I heard a scuffle ensue below. I immediately ran down. I found Crane in the act of getting out at the back door, and the wife ran out of the front door. Hewitt secured Crane and I secured the wife, they had got out of the house. We brought them back, and they were secured; and I proceeded to search. In searching I found an hundred pound bank-note, in a trunk. In the front room one pair of stairs I found twenty pound in silver. In a back room we found fifty-eight pound in forged bank-notes, five, twos and ones. in this tin-case. I knew these notes. I marked them all directly. I found them. Hewitt found three or four notes in a drawer under a shoemaker's seat. The prisoner is a shoemaker by trade; and in the same room Hewitt found a quantity of base silver. Crane said they belonged to a man of the name of Thompson.
- HEWITT. I found these three notes in a drawer under a seat that a shoemaker uses.
Mr. GLOVER. Q. Look at these three notes - A. They are in all respects forged; and that bundle of thirty-eight in number they are forged in every respect. They are fives, twos, and ones,
(The note read.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were found in my possession. I am guilty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
