








682. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DAY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, three shirts, value 15 s. fifteen pair of stockings, value 4 s. and a tablecoth, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bass
                        



                     
                  ; twenty-three towels, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 6 d. seven pair of stockings, value 5 s. and a tub, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bradley
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  ANN 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I live at No. 29. Palace-street, Pimlico


; I am a widow, and take in washing
; these things I had to wash.
Q. When did you lose them - A. On the 4th of June; I got up at six o'clock in the morning, and missed them; I had left them on the over night in the washhouse.
Q. How had they got into the washhouse - A. Over a wall. The door is always left open; it is in a small yard walled very high round.
Q. What is there on the other side of the wall - Gardens. My washhouse communicates with the house. They were all safe when I went to bed at night; the stocking I were boiling in the copper. I picked up a button in the yard where they had got over the wall; I gave it to the officer.
MRS. BASS. I wash for Mrs. Bradley; I was there at work, and had some of my own linen there; they were all safe at eleven o'clock at night when I left the washhouse.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, Lee, the patrol, called me out of bed; in consequence of his information I went to Day's house in Pear-street; I broke Day's door open, and there I found these two bundles of linen, but not him. I expected I should find him either at Thompson's or Jones's lodgings; I went to Jones, and in Jones's garden I found Day. I took Day to his own lodging, handcuffed him, and went back to the same place, there I found Jones laying on the floor in the two pair of stairs. I thought at first it was a bundle. I kicked my foot so I thought against the bundle; his father said that is my son. I said I must have that bundle. I then went to Thompson's lodging; I broke open Thompson's door; there I found Thompson partly undressed, just going to bed; I told him to dress himself, which he did; and under his bed was another large bundle of linen; as soon as he had dressed himself he jumped upon the bed; he said now, Gillmore, I will show you something. He clapped his hand to a sword on the top of the tester; I told him if that was what he meaned to shew me, I had got another, and I would run him through as sure as he was alive, if he dared to take it down. He said no; I will not serve you so; but if these b - y charleys had been here by themselves there would be something the matter.
Q. That, was meaning the patrols - A. Yes; I have seen the whole three of these chaps together frequently; and I saw them all three together that evening.


                  ROBERT 
                  KING
               



            . On the morning of the 4th of June, I heard of Mrs. Bradley's robbery; I and Bradman went to Day's house; we saw Day, Jones, and Thompson come out. I told Bradman I thought the linen was there; I went to Gilmore, and told him of it; he came, and broke Day's door open, and found two bundles of wet linen; I went and told Mrs. Bradley to come to the office.
- POPE. I compared this button to Thompson's coat, it fitted the shank left on the coat.
Prosecutrix. This is my linen.
Day's Defence. A young man left them things in my room; he said he could not get into his lodging.
Jones's Defence. I never saw Day until Gillmore took me to his house.
Thompson's Defence. It is a hard things to swear a man's life away on account of a button, there are so many buttons alike.
DAY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
THOMPSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
