





72. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, two sheets, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COOPER
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Robert 
                  Cooper
               



            ; he is in the India warehouse. I live at No. 5, Union-place, Curtain-road


. On the 11th of November I let the prisoner a front room at seven shillings a week, furnished. She came into the lodgings on the 11th; she quitted it on the 13th. I did not see her after the 13th until I saw her at the Office on the Tuesday following. I saw the sheets at the Office when the prisoner was there. She took the sheets on the 13th.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce two sheets. The prisoner pledged one on the 12th of November for two shillings, and the other on the 13th. I am sure the prisoner is the person.
Mrs. Cooper. They are my sheets.


                  JOHN 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I had the prisoner in custody for robbing the lodgings of Mrs. Goudge. On the second examination Mrs. Cooper came and said that she had robbed her. The prisoner said she had pawned Mrs. Cooper's sheets, and left the duplicates in the tea-pot, in the closet of her room. I went there and found them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in great distress.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
