





486. 
               
                  
                     AARON 
                     WITHERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, a piece of timber, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Willan
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BALDOCK
               



            . I am a baker, 23, Lisson-grove. The timber was brought to me by 
               
                  George 
                  Cull
               



            . I had the timber. It was claimed by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Willan
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CULL
               



            . I am a constable. On the 9th of February, about half past one o'clock in the morning, I was going home from my benefit society; I saw two pieces of timber against the pales, and the prisoner was standing under the timber. I asked him where he got it. He said he picked it up. I said, it is an odd time of night to carry it. He came from under the timber, and lifted up a stick to make a blow at me, and another man made off with his piece of timber. I thought the timber did not belong to them. I called Mr. Baldock's man, and we secured both the pieces of timber. The prisoner and the man had left them on the green plot. I secured both the pieces of timber, and put them in Mr. Baldock's area. This was on the 9th of February. The prisoner, Withers, was taken on the 21st, and then at the watchhouse I asked him what was the reason he did not let the timber alone the second time.
Mr. Baldock. On the 21st of February I was alarmed by a noise. There had been two pieces of timber lodged in my area by Cull and my man twenty minutes before four. I got out of bed opened my window, and saw the timber moving up. I am a constable. I went out of doors with my staff in my hand, and turning into Portman-green I passed a man. I did not see the prisoner with the timber on his shoulder. He heard me coming, and threw the timber off his shoulder. I asked him what business he had to come to my area to take the timber out. I secured him, and told him to go quietly with me. He said, it is you, Baldock, is it? Then I lodged him in the watchhouse, and I and Langley, the constable of the night, took the timber to the watch-house. This is the timber.
- PAGE. I am foreman to Mr. Willan, cow-keeper
. The timber is Mr. Willan's property. It was originally taken from Marybone park


.
Prisoner's Defence. A man asked me to carry this timber. He said he would give a shilling.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
