





1442. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 18th of September
, feloniously, knowingly, and unlawfully had in his custody and possession divers (to wit), three 1 l. forged notes, he knowing them to be forged
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 18th of September, I was in company with Coates, and in consequence of information which I had received, we went to watch the prisoner. We went to the Blue Lion, Gray's Inn-lane, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I placed myself in the house, and Coates went up Guildford-street. I saw the prisoner come down Guildford-street, and go into the field near Bagnigge Wells, when he got near the middle of the field I callared him, and told him I wanted him; and seeing he had a brown paper parcel in his right hand, I told Coates to lay hold of it - he immediately threw it away. I kept hold of him - Coates also collared him, and we led him to the parcel, and picked it up; he exclaimed
"I am sold!" We took him to the Blue Lion, opened the parcel there, in his presence, and found it contained two 10 l. and one 20 l. Bank of England note, and a 10 l. Dover note. I marked them all, in his presence; these are them (looks at them). He did not tell me how he got them.
Prisoner. Q. Do you know Mr. Herbert - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable, and was with Sellers. I saw the prisoner coming down Guildford-street; he crossed to the field by Bagnigge Wells; I kept close behind him, and Sellers caught hold of him - he threw the parcel from his hand, and exclaimed,
"I am sold, it is a dead plant!" I suppose he meant it was planted on him. I collared him, Sellers picked it up. We took him to the Blue Lion. The parcel contained a 20 l. and two 10 l. Bank of England notes, and a 10 l. Dover note. I marked them - those produced are them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am an inspector of Bank notes. The Bank notes are all three forged in every respect, and are not the signatures of the clerks they purport to bear. The two 10 l. notes are impressed from the same plate.


                  JAMES 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a cashier in the Bank, and authorized to sign 10 l. notes. This signature on these notes is not my writing.


                  CHARLES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a cashier in the Bank, and authorized to sign 10 l. notes. The note signed C. Phillips is not my signature.


                  JAMES 
                  DUNFORD CAPEL
               



            . I am a cashier, and sign 20 l. notes. This note is not signed by me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MACKEY
               



            . I am clerk at Mr. Fector's bank, at Dover, and fill-up all their notes; this note is a forgery entirely. It is not Mr. Fector's signature.


                  JOHN 
                  BAYTON
               



            . I am entering clerk to Mr. Fector. The note is forged in every respect. It is not entered by me.
(The notes were here put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in company with 
               Herbert
             the night before, he sent me to meet a gentleman, and the gentleman gave me the parcel; I was to meet him in Bagnigge Wells. The parcel fell from my hand. I said I was sold, conceiving something was wrong. The man who sent me for the parcel was opposite at the time; Sellers said he was one of my palls. I said he belonged to the parcel - they did not try to stop him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



             re-examined. Herbert stood at the door - he said nothing to me about him. He was not with him when he was in Guildford-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
