





99. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PHEBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of December
, sixty squares of glass, value twenty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew John 
                     Nash
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George Augustus 
                     Nash
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Arabin.
EVERARD DENTON. I keep a public house, next door to Messrs. Nash; my cellar is separated from the next door by a partition. On the 19th of December between eight and nine in the evening, the prisoner came, and said, he wanted two parcels, I told him, I did not know any thing of any parcels, he said, he gave them to my man John; John came in, I asked him if he had received any parcel, he said, no, I called three more, they all denied receiving any parcel; he then said, if you will let me have a candle, I can tell you where they are in the cellar. Daniel, the boy that is here, lit a candle, and went down in the cellar along with the prisoner; the prisoner returned, and they brought up two parcels with them from off the butthead.
Q. Did you open these two parcels. - A. No; I said, go to Mr. Nash, the officer went with him. I had been in the cellar, about six or seven o'clock in the morning; and after that I had been in the cellar fining the beer down.
Q. Did you observe any hole cut in the partition of that cellar. - A. None at all, I went down into the cellar again, when Mr. Nash came, I found a hole cut in the partition that was not there in the morning.


                  DANIEL 
                  AYEY
               



            . Q. You live with the last witness. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect the prisoner coming to your master's house on the 29th. - A. I heard him talking with my young mistress, about some parcels.
Q. Had he entrusted you with any parcels. - A. No; I am certain of that, I went into the cellar with him, he shewed me where the parcels were; they were upon the head of a butt, close to a hole in the partition, the hole was large enough to admit these parcels to pass through it. I could get through the hole myself. He brought the parcels up himself; I saw them opened when Mr. Nash came, they contained glass, I went down in the cellar again, when Mr. Nash came I perceived a hole cut in the partition that was not there in the morning.



                  JOHN 
                  HALEY
               



            , I live with Mr. Denton.
Q. Did the prisoner entrust in your care any parcels - A. No, he never did.


                  ANDREW 
                  JOHN NASH
               



            . Q. Who is your partner - A. My brother 
               
                  George 
                  Augustus Nash
               



            , we are glass seller

s and reside in Cornhill


; the prisoner was in our employ on the 29th of December last he was in the habit of cutting glass out of tables into such sizes as that.
Prisoner's Defence. Some of that glass I had from glazing a large sky light at Barnet, and some I bought some of it was broke. I cut it into squares and put it into the cellar.
Prosecutor. The whole of that is new glass there is a sort of sulpher upon it, it is impossible it could have been cut out of old glass from a skylight it would not have that sulpher upon it.
Prisoner. It was a new skylight that I glazed entirely new.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
