





1010. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     ASQUITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, one yard of woollen cloth, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maberley
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for like offence, stating it to be the property of our Lord the 
               
King



            .
- BAILEY. I am a constable. On this day fortnight I was stationed at Paul's wharf, at Mr. Maberley's, just as the men were coming out; they came out at seven o'clock, as the clock was striking. As the men were coming to the outside gate I rushed upon the prisoner Asquith: he resisted as much as a man could possibly do. After I seized him I never let him go, and inside of his waistcoat I saw Trustey (the patrol) take the cloth from him. This is the cloth. I think there is nigh a yard and a half.
Mr. Andrews. How many men were there in the place when you seized this man - A. A great number of them. This piece of cloth was taken from behind the man. I saw this piece of cloth taken as he was getting rid of it from behind him.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRUSTEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner endeavouring to get away from Bailey. I saw the prisoner squatting down and pulling the cloth from him. I took the cloth from him.
Mr. Adolphus. There was a general seizure among these journeyman that caused a general row - A. Yes; we were ordered for that purpose.
Q. For the purpose of making confusion - A. No.
Q. What other tailor was near this man - A. Mr. Bailey was nearest him. He was getting the better of Mr. Bailey; I had to take care he should not. I drove the prisoner up against the wall. I saw the rest of the men; nobody was near him but Mr. Bailey.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . Q. Is that the cloth of Mr. Maberley - A. It is the same cloth that we receive from the Store-keeper General. The prisoner was one of the cutters in Mr. Maberley's employ.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
