





107. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 40 lbs. of lead, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hunter
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building, instead of a dwelling-house.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CHALLEN
               



            . I was in care of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Hunter
               



            's house, No. 14, Euston-square, St. Pancras


. On Wednesday, the 18th of November, about nine o'clock in the morning. I missed the lead from off the portico over the door, which was twelve feet from the ground. Next morning it was brought by the watchman, who had the prisoner in custody. It was fitted to the portico, and corresponded exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  BEETON
               



            . I am a watchman; the prosecutor's house is opposite to one that I watch. About eight o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner, in company with another, going past the house No. 13, which I watch. The prisoner had three pieces of lead in an old basket. I asked what it was, he dropped it, and they ran away in different directions. I followed and took the prisoner, without losing sight of him - I picked up the lead.


                  GEORGE 
                  SQUIB
               



            . I saw the lead fitted, it weighed 50 lbs. There was about 4 Cwt. cut off. I found the rest, concealed under ground, within 20 yards of the spot.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AUDLEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner lurking about the premises with two more. The lead found on the prisoner, with the rest that was found, made the exact quantity cut.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
