






975. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FOGG
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     DOCKERILL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Springfield
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 31st of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 3 l. and one watch-key, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SPRINGFIELD
               



            . I was robbed of my watch, on the 31st of August; I was waiting at Scandler's livery stables, for my master, whom I was going to attend to his house at Walthamstow. I went into a public-house to get some refreshment, and the prisoners followed me in; I called for a quartern of gin, and drank a little, and left the rest for the women. I then went out, and the two prisoners followed me; Dockerill laid hold of my watch, and Fogg held me while Dockerill pulled it out. I didnot then call out; she ran down Angel-alley. I was in great fear, and pursued after her. I saw the watch drawn from my pocket, in her hand; Fogg came down the alley with us. She asked Fogg for the key, and they went into the room, which was quite dark, and locked the door upon me with them. Whilst we were in the room, I felt the watch in her hand. She pulled me down, and I cried out I wanted to get up; and she said, I had money about me, and money, by God, she must have. I won't say whether the door was properly fastened or not, I don't know. After this, Fogg and Dockerill both went out with me; and as it was late, I was obliged to go to my master, whom I found waiting for me. I have never seen my watch since.
WILLIAM GILDERSFILD. A little after ten o'clock, I was told a young man had been robbed; I saw the prosecutor, and he said, two women had robbed him in the street, and he had followed them up into their room in Angel-alley, and felt the watch in one of their hands, while struggling with them. The prisoner, Fogg, was found, and taken to the watchhouse, and searched, but no watch found on her. I wanted him to go to the watchhouse; but he said, he had not time, he was obliged to go to his master.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I was present at the apprehension of both the prisoners, and saw them searched; but nothing was found on them.
FOGG, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 20,
DOCKERILL, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 19,
Of stealing from the person, but not of the assault.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
