





146. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JEFFRIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of December
, three pieces of ribbon, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smyth
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMYTH
               



            . I live at 104, Ratcliffe-Highway


.
Q. Were you present when this person came in the shop - A. I was; she came in by herself. After the prisoner had been accused by my lad of having taken some pieces of ribbon. I saw her take them out of her pocket, and put them on the counter.
Q. What was the worth of that ribbon - A. Three pieces about twenty-five shillings. I am sure they were worth a pound and more.
Q. Who was serving in your shop besides yourself and your young man - A. Two or three others.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . Q. How old are you - A. Sixteen next March. On Thursday the 27th of December, about one o'clock in the day, the prisoner came in; she asked to look at some ribbons. I shewed her some, they did not suit her. I shewed her another drawer, she looked at them some time. I perceived her shawl come over the drawer, and I thought her hand was underneath, and she withdrew it immediately.
Q. When she withdrew her hand, did she withdraw her shawl to - A. Yes, but I did not see any alteration in the drawer of ribbons; she looked at them a little, and then asked me to look at some narrower. I put that drawer away; I shewed her the third drawer of narrow ribbons; her shawl came over the drawer again in the same way; she withdrew her hands and looked at the ribbons. Again I suspected that she had taken some. She then asked me if I had got any narrower; I put that drawer away and got another narrower still, she took up one, asked the price and told me to cut a yard off, while I was cutting it off, her hand came in the same way. I saw a piece of ribbon. I then put the drawer away, and told my master there was a thief in the shop. While I was doubling up the ribbon, I accused her of taking some, and directly I accused her, she took them out, and laid them on the counter one at a time. I went for a constable, and she was secured.
Partridge. I have got the ribbon; this is it.
Williams. I saw her produce the ribbon; it is part of my master's stock.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no ribbons in my pocket, nor in my hand. I am as innocent as a baby unborn.




               GUILTY
            , aged 25,
Of stealing, but not privately in the shop.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
