





346. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of March
, six quarts of wine, value 1 l. 10 s. and nine bottles, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brodrick
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



             I am an officer of Bow-street office. On the 1st of March last, I went to the house of Miss Brodrick, in Grosvenor-place


, to apprehend the prisoner with a warrant. I told him, I came to apprehend him on account of sedition, and I must search the drawers for some papers. This was in the butler's pantry. He opened a drawer where there was some wine in it.
Q. How much - A.Nine bottles; seven quarts and two pints. I asked him who that wine belonged to in the drawer. He said, that Miss Brodrick had given it out to him, and he must account for it. I told him, I must inform Miss Brodrick of it. I suspected it was not so. He said, he hoped I would not; that it was wine he had brought there; it was his own. I then sent up stairs for Miss Brodrick. Miss Brodrick came and examined the wine in his presence, and suspected it to be her's. We examined the inner cellar door, and found the patent lock locked. I then examined the partition over the inner cellar door; two pieces of boards were loose, and the nails which had fastened them were taken out; one of the boards fell down when these two boards were taken away. Any one, by the assistance of a ladder, might go in or out. The wine is here; seven bottles. It is Cape wine, two bottles; the rest is chiefly white wine.
MISS BRODRICK. Q. Has the prisoner been in your service as butler - A. Yes, about seven weeks before this was discovered.
Q. Where did you keep your wine - A. In the inner cellar. I had the key of that lock.
Q. Do you deliver out to the butler a certain quantity at a time for the consumption of the family - A. Yes.
Q. Had you, in your inner cellar, any Cape wine in pints - A. Yes.
Q. Since the prisoner had been in your service had you ever delivered out any Cape wine to him in pints - A. No, never.
Q. How lately had you delivered out any wine to the butler, not Cape wine - A. About three weeks or a month ago, other wine, Sherry or Port.
Q. When you went down to the inner cellar did you find in the outer cellar any wine such as you had delivered out to the prisoner - A. Yes, I believe three bottles of Sherry, and two of Port.
Q. Can you form any opinion whether the quantity you found there with the quantity that you had consumed was about the quantity that you had delivered to him - A. I think nearly so. But I am quite certain I never delivered to him any Cape wine.
Q. Did you see the cellar door opened - A. Yes, I did. There was a padlock to it, and another lock. I saw a board fall down on Taunton's shoulder, and was surprised where it came from. I never entrusted the prisoner with the key of the wine cellar.
Q. Upon your examining your cellar did you miss any wine - A. I missed twenty-four quarts and six pints.
JURY. What did the prisoner say to you respecting the wine - A. Not a word.
Q.to Taunton. Have you tasted whether any of that wine is Cape wine - A. This bottle is Cape wine.
Q. What is the value of the bottles of wine - A.Three shillings the white, and five shillings the red.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the care of the outside cellar, and in cleaning out that cellar the board fell down, just in the same manner as it did to the officer. I mentioned it to the coachman; he persuaded me not to tell my mistress of it, and by his persuasion I went in and took two of the bottles of wine that is here now; the others, the coachman put his hand in and took them. I did not break the premises. If I am suspected of sedition, let me be placed in the illustrious Wellington's army, and seehow I will stand in the day of battle. I have lived in respectable services all my life, and never was suspected before.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
