





325. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARCLAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fox
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of three in the night on the 18th of March
, and stealing therein a coat value 7 s. a hat value 3 s. and a pair of shoes value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Evans
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM EVANS. I am a coach-joiner
, I lodge at 38 Stanhope-street, Clare-market


, 
               
                  William 
                  Fox
               



             is my landlord
, he lives in the parlour, the house is in the parish of St. Clement's Danes


. On Monday the 19th of March about three o'clock in the night, I was alarmed by seeing a man in my room. I got up and sat in the bed about ten minutes, taking particular notice of the man, I never saw his face.
Q. How did he get into the house - A. I do not know how he got into the lower part of the house, but in my room he had broken the lath and plaster partion to get his arm in to undo the lock of my door. When I had observed him about ten minutes as I sat up in the bed, I then called to him to know what he was about, he had then got a tea-chest in his hand; on my jumping out of bed and calling to him he dropped the tea-chest and flew out of the door, I found myself not able to follow him, I threw up the window and gave the alarm.
Q. What part of the house was your apartment in - A. The two pair of stairs front room; by my giving the alarm he was taken in the street. On my looking about the room there was nothing taken out of the room; this hat was taken off the place where I left it and put by the door: this coat that I have on was on the bed, he put it close to the door and the tea-chest was moved, in fact I did not lose any thing.
Q. Had you seen him take the coat off the bed - A. No, my wife waked me, we heard a noise like the rats making a noise, I suppose that was the time of his breaking the laths, we supposed that he got in on the evening, the door had been left on the latch for a lodger that was gone out.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MINNS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, I was just going into Stanhope-street, I saw the prisoner come out of the house, and the alarm came out of the window stop thief, then I attacked him and pursued him.
Q. What time of the morning was it - 
               A. 
            About three o'clock.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a patrol, I was standing at the end of Stanhope-street when Minns ask'd me the way to Clare-market; just at that moment there was an alarm out of the window, stop that man, Minns went before me and the prisoner passed by me; I tried to stop him, I could not, I called to 
               Colman
             the watchman to stop him, he came out of the box and knocked him down.


                  JOHN 
                  HASKINS
               



            . I live at 38, Stanhope-street, in the first floor in the same house that Mr. Fox keeps, I came home about one o'clock, or a few minutes after, I put to the street-door and went to bed. I am confident I latched the street-door. There are four lodgers in the house. I was awoke by the alarm of stop thief, I heard the watchman's rattle spring, I heard the man brought back to the door; I heard Minns cry out why do not you come down, this is the house he came out of; the next morning I saw the hole in the lath and plaster that the prisoner had made, I never saw the prisoner in the house.
Q. to Prosecutor. You did not see the man's face, you said - A. I did not.
Q. Did you not observe his person at all - A. Yes, he had a brown coat on and a yellow blue-striped waistcoat on, that is the same man that was brought back to me in less than five minutes; I was certain to his person when he was brought back; I never saw his face before.
Prisoner's Defence. The reason I was out so late, I had been having a little drop of drink along with a couzen of mine close to where this gentleman lives, and I was making the best of my way home.
GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
