






738. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CABLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DALEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
, one hundred bricks, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Stewert
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  STEWERT
               



            . I am a builder
, I live at 69, Shadwell High-street.
Q. What is the prisoner Cable - A. He is a plumber and glazier
, at Poplar. Daley is a labourer
. In consequence of suspicion I watched the two prisoners in the houses that I was building at Stepney


;Mr. Smith was with me; the gentleman whom I am building for; I had about twenty-five thousands of bricks there. About one o'clock in the morning, I saw Cable the prisoner go seven or eight times to my piles of bricks.
Q. Where was the other prisoner then - A. He was digging the well; after he had taken seven or eight turns with the bricks to the well he said to the labourer if he would came up, he would go down and stem the well; the labourer got up and put the bricks down that his master had taken from my piles; when he had handed all that was along side of the well; he went and brought bricks six or seven times to the well from off my piles, and the master made use of them; the last turn I ran out of the house where I was watching, seized hold of the labourer, and detected him with the bricks upon him. He was in a very great confusion; I said he must go along with us; the master was getting out of the well, I then took him. He was in a considerable agitation; he begged that I would not take him to justice, no doubt it could be settled without. I told him I had been robbed repeatedly at different buildings, I was determined the first I catched should go to justice; Cable wished to settle it, that I would not do, and he was brought to justice. I said I considered it worse in him than in a labouring man. I had told him before it was a strange time of night for a tradesman to come digging a well; he said he was very busy in the day, and he could not come and do it; I said you have no bricks here; he said they were loaded at six o'clock in the morning, he could have them at half an hours notice; I then said recollect them bricks belong to me. There were several stacks, if you take any bricks do not take mine; his answer was, do you think I want my neck in an halter; I said I hope not. After this I went to my house, I had suspicion that he was going to use my bricks; I went to watch. And I had told him if the water came in he would have to pump it out in the morning. It is a very swampy place.
Mr. Gurney. When you apprehended him he was willing to pay for the bricks - A. No doubt of that.
COURT. When you seized him you say he was in a great agitation - A. He was.
Q. Did he say that he meaned to come to you the next morning to pay you for them - A. No, he did not.
Q. If it was a very swampy place must it not be likely that he should have known that he must have land springs come in upon him - A. I should imagine so.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of the bricks that you lost - A.About five shillings.
ROBERT SMITH. I was with the last witness.
Q. You have heard the last witness give his evidence - A. Yes, it is correct.
Cable's Defence. When I began to sink this well it was about five o'clock in the evening, after I had done my business at home; I sunk about three foot, I found the water began to come in; the man said as we had begun it we might as well finish it; I said it will be ten o'clock before we are done; he said, never mind. I went to get my supper while my man was digging, and when I returned the water came fast in. I then concluded I would finish it. On the further end of the ground there were some of my bricks, they were so small it was impossible to do it with them. The well was within eighteen yards of the houses. About six o'clock in the evening Mr. Stewart came up; he told me, if I wanted any bricks not to take them, but to take them; accordingly I took them, and then he accused me of feloniously taking, which is not the truth. Mr. Stewart gave me free commission to take bricks, but he did not say where.
Mr. Stewart. I said them bricks belong to me, if you take any bricks do not take mine.
COURT. Did you give him leave to meddle with any of your bricks - A. I did not; on the contrary I cautioned him against it.
Daley said nothing in his defence.
Cable called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
CABLE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DALEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Confined One Year in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
