





990. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, ten pigs, value 28 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Moate
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MOATE
               



            . I live at Westwood, in the parish of Abbot Langley, in Hertfordshire


. On the morning of the 11th of this month I missed from my yard ten pigs; two of them sows, and eight barrow pigs. I heard that they had been stopped in Smithfield. I found the whole ten on the Monday following; my servant found them on the Sunday. I suppose they were taken on the night of the 10th.
Q. How far are you off London - A. About twenty-three miles from Smithfield.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a butcher; I live at No. 9, Coppice-row, Clerkenwell. I saw the prisoner bring the pigs into Smithfield, and he sold them there on the 11th.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before - A. No. I am sure he is the man. My neighbour brought three at three pound each; his name is Parkes. Parkes bought a sow and two barrow pigs; Shivvell bought the rest, seven: six barrows and one sow. I thought they were sold at an under price, and that the man could not come honestly by them. Shivvell gave him a one pound note earnest for the seven; he was to give thirteen pound for them. Shivvell went home for the remainder of the money. The prisoner went into the Bell to wait for him. In the mean time he was gone I went in and asked the prisoner where he brought the pigs from. The prisoner said he brought them from near Hitchen, on Sunday he said. I asked him where he came from that morning; he said, from Edgware. I said it was out of the way to come round about that way; it is forty miles to come round that way. I fetched 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lumley
               



            , an officer, to him; I gave charge of him. Soon after, the prisoner wanted to go for aglass of Jackey, as he called it. He was permitted, but the officer went with him. As soon as he drank his gin he wanted to go out into the yard; the officer said he must go with him. He then said, what the hell do you want with me. He bent his fist; I thought he was going to knock the officer down. I told the officer if he commanded me I would assist him. I said, you had better take him before the magistrate at Guildhall; accordingly we did.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUNLEY
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Palmer gave me charge of the prisoner on the 11th of the present month. I asked the prisoner how he came by the pigs; he said, what is that to me, he wanted his money. I told him he must stop before he had his money. He said, will you let me have a glass of gin; I said, yes, and wellcome. He had his glass of gin; he went out of the back door; I said you must not go away; he doubled his fist up at me. I then took him before the Alderman.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORTON
               



            . I know no more than my brother officer has stated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PUDDIFORD
               



            . I am Mr. Moates's servant; I live with him. I saw the pigs in a yard in Smithfield; there were ten. I am sure they were all my master's property.
MR. SHEVVILL. I am a butcher. I bought seven pigs of the prisoner; they are the same that the officer looked at. I put them into the yard in Smithfield. I am sure the prisoner is the person that I bought them of.


                  CHARLES 
                  PARKES
               



            . I cheapened two barrow pigs and a sow of the prisoner; he said I should have them for three pound a piece. These were three of the same that were drove to the inn. I am sure the prisoner is the man. I followed him a week to the Compter, and fed him and the pigs, because he said they were his own property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
