







127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOZIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November


, six shirts, value 20s.; one pair of sheets; value 5s.; two table-cloths, value 5s.; five handkerchiefs, value 5s.; two shifts, value 2s.; three aprons, value 1s; two night-gowns, value 2s; seven pair of stockings, value 3s.; two pairs of pockets, value 2s.; seven caps, value 7l.; one frill, value 6d.; one towel, value 6d.; four napkins, value 2s.; three yards of net, value 3s.; six pinafores, value 2s.; and two pair of trowsers, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Mapleton
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WOODROFF
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving two shirts, value 5s.; one pair of sheets, value 5s.; one table-cloth, value 2s.; five handkerchiefs, value 5s.; one shirt, value 1s.; two aprons, value 9d.; six pair of stockings, value 2s.; two pair of pockets, value 2s.; seven caps, value 7l.; one frill, value 6d.; three yards of net, value 3s.; one night gown, value 1s.; six pinafores, value 2s.; and two pair of trowsers, value 1s., part and parcel of the above-mentioned goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARTHING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving four shirts, value 18s., other part and parcel of the said goods, he well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .
WILLIAM MAPLETON. I am a butcher
, and live in Gloucester-street, Vauxhall. I have a little shop in Budd-street, West-square-the prisoner, Bozier, was my servant
. I sent him to my wife, who is a laundress, to take the things home; his not returning, she sent to me to the shop to enquire if he was returned there - He never returned. About half-past ten o'clock next morning I went in search of the linen - I went to Woodroff's house, he is a publican; I asked him if he knew a person of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Bozier
               



            , and told him that I had information that he was in his house; he said there was no such person in his house, and he had not seen such a person. Just at that time, a little girl put her head in at the door and said, "Yes, Mr. Woodroff, 
               
                  Bill 
                  Bozier
               



             was here last night, and had a bundle of linen under his arm." He said, "You young b-h, if you don't go out, I'll kick you out-there is no such person here." I told him if I could get my property again, to deliver it to my customers, I did not wish to prosecute, and I would not mind treating him with a leg of mutton. He said, "D-n your eyes, if you don't go about your business I will kick you out." I went away to the Black Dog, public-house, and there I saw a young man, who asked me what I would give him to find out Bozier? I said I would give him 1l.; we went round, and saw two girls, and had information that he was in Woodroff's house. I went to Bow-street, and got three officers - We went to Woodroff's, and told him we had come to search for Bozier-he said, "I told you before he was not here." I told the officers to search his premises; Woodroff then said, "he is here;" the officers asked in what part of the house? he said in the garret, and he would shew us up stairs; we went up with him-the door was locked-Woodroff put his foot against the door - We found him there - I said he was the man we were searching for-the officers took him to the watch-house. We found a pair of gloves, and an old knife-handle of mine, and 8s. 6d. on him. I went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             to wait for Wilson; in about half an hour Woodroff brought a basket of linen on his shoulder - I said it was my property, it contained part of the linen; he said, "No, it is my property - I have given 2l. for it, and if you choose to give me 2l., you may have it, or I'll be d-d if I won't take it back again." Wilson took the basket, and Woodroff said, "There is no magistrate here now, and therefore I shall take it back again." Wilson forcibly took it from him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did not he tell you when you went to his house, to go away, as he would not have any body there during divine service - A. No. I was a stranger to him. I went again in the evening, and found Bozier there drunk. Woodroff did not say he was drunk up stairs, and that he kept him there to get sober. He attended voluntarily before the magistrate, and has surrendered himself here to day.

SARAH MAPLETON. I am the wife of the last witness. Between six and half-past six in the evening, I delivered a basket and a bundle to the prisoner, Bozier; he was to take the bundle to Mrs. Plakes, No. 5, Narrow-wall, Lambeth, and the basket to Mrs. Jarman, No. 99, Strand - They contained the articles stated in the indictment. I expected him to return about nine o'clock, but never saw him till he was apprehended. I found that the basket and bundle were not delivered.
JAMES ROGERS. I keep a sale-shop in Earl-street, Seven Dials. On Saturday evening, the 22d of November, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoner, Bozier, came to me very much intoxicated, and wanted to buy a silk handkerchief, which my wife asked 3s. for; he offered 2s., and then 2s. 6d., but would not have it. He had a bundle, which he threw down, and said, "What will you give me for this?" My wife opened it, and said she would not have it, it would not do for her; he was going away, he had got to the door, and asked if he might leave it till the morning; thinking he might lose it, she gave him leave; he never returned. On Monday a man, who said his name was Bruet, came for it - I afterwards went to Bow-street, and saw it there.
JOHN EDMUND WILSON. I am an officer of Bow-street. On Sunday, the 23d of November, Wilkinson informed me of the robbery. I went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , and saw the prosecutor - I got Rice, and went with him, and the prosecutor, to Woodroff's house, the White Horse, in Short's-gardens, Drury-lane. I left Rice at the door, and went into the tap-room, and asked for him; he came out of the back room - I told him I wanted Bill Bozier; he said he was not there. I told him not to play any tricks, for I would not stand it, and that I knew he was in his house; he immediately took up the candle, and said he was up stairs, very drunk, and fast asleep. I called Rice - We went up to the front garret, the door was locked; I asked Woodroff for the key; he said, "Never mind the key," and kicked the door open. The prosecutor immediately identified the prisoner, Bozier; and we found a knife-handle and a pair of gloves on him, which he claimed. I sent him to the watch-house. Woodroff said he thought he could get the basket, with part of the linen; he said he thought he could hear something of it at No. 8 or 10, in Charles-street, Drury lane. He took us to several houses, but to no purpose. We returned to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , where the prosecutor was-in about half an hour Woodroff brought a basket, containing part of the linen, on his shoulder-the prosecutor claimed it. Woodroff immediately demanded 2l. of him, or he said he would take the basket back - He put his hand on the basket - I told him to touch it at his peril, as it was mine, and I should keep it; he said he had had a troublesome job, and had got no money - I gave him 1s.
Cross-examined. He told me he thought he could find it. When he brought it, he said he had paid 2l. for it.
THOMAS RICE. I was with Wilson; he has spoken correctly.


                  JOHN 
                  GALLERY
               



            . I live in Rose-street, St. Luke's. I went with Mrs. Hanmore, to whom the property belonged, to Bow-street. While we were there, a man, named Barnet, brought a bundle, which the prosecutor paid him 2l. for. I went to him, and asked him if he could bring the remainder of the things? he said they were to be got if he had money to fetch them. I told him I would pay him; he went away, and returned in a few minutes, and said, if I would pay the money that they were sold for, he could get them. I went to a house in Drury-lane with him, and told Wilkinson to follow me privately; when we got near the house I told him to wait outside. Barnet introduced me to the prisoner Farthing; it was at a public-house-he was sitting in the back room there; Barnet said, "This is the gentleman that belongs to the shirts;" Farthing then said, he supposed I did not mean to prosecute Bozier; I had not mentioned Bozier's name, I told him two of the shirts belonged to me, and I did not want to be waiting about any longer; he asked me which two were mine? he did not produce any; I told him they were marked E.S.; he asked if it was my intention to return the money they were sold for? I told him I would; he went out with Barnet, and returned in ten minutes, and told me his wife was out, and he could not get them; I said I would wait, if she would return soon; he said he had got but two of them, but an acquaintance, who was a bricklayer, had got the other two. He then said, "I will depend on your word, and if you will take my word, you shall have them to night; and if the two which I have got are not yours, I will get the other two from the person in the evening." I told him if he could not produce them, I should like to have the worth of them, and gave him the address of the owner, in the Strand. He pulled out two 1l. notes, and asked if that would satisfy me as a deposit, that he would produce the two shirts in the evening? I said it would. Just as I got my fingers on the notes he changed his mind, and said he would put them into the hands of the landlady. As he gave them to her he said, whatever the shirts cost, she was to return him the 2l., and pay him for them, which I agreed to. I went out, and gave him in charge to Wilson.
Cross-examined. He never produced any.
JAMES WILKINSON. I am a toll-collector. I went with Gallery and Barnet to the Black Dog, in Drury-lane, Farthing asked Gallery if he belonged to the shirts; he said he could get the four shirts for him by paying what had been paid for them; Gallery said he would pay him for them if he would get them. Farthing went out with Barnet-he returned in about ten minutes, and said his wife was out, or he would have got two of the shirts, but the other two he could not get before eight o'clock in the evening, as a bricklayer had got them. Gallery wished to wait while he went back again; Farthing said he would leave 2l.; he pulled out two 1l. notes, and was going to give them to Gallery, but drew them back, and said he would give them to the landlady; he said, he expected when he brought the shirts, he should have the money that was paid for them. I went and told Wilson that the man was there who had the shirts; he went and took him.
Cross-examined. I lodge at the Black Bear, and go on messages.


                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               



            . On the 24th of November Rice gave me information. I went to the Black Dog - I went to the corner of the street, and saw Farthing standing against the door. Wilkinson said he was the man who had left the 2l. I went into the house, and asked the landlady for the money; she said she should know the man who had left it-Ibrought Farthing in - She said he was the man. I took him to the office. The four shirts were sent home to the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BOZIER'S Defence. I got drunk, but did not intend to steal the things.
WOODROFF'S Defence. Bozier came to my house, and had a pint of beer - He came again about half-past ten o'clock, quite drunk, with the bundle. I took him up stairs, thinking that the parish-officers might report my house, he being drunk. I took charge of the things the while.
FARTHING'S Defence. Bozier and another man came to a public-house, in Wild-street, where I live, with a basket and bundle, and some women. On the Monday two men came, and asked if I knew the prisoner? I said I did not; but a man had been to the house with a bundle, and went to Drury-lane to fetch the man; I said I would go and send my wife to see for him - I returned, and said she was not at home, but I could find the man at eight o'clock, and get them.


                  EDMUND 
                  WANDSMAN
               



            . I was at Woodroff's when Bozier came in very drunk, about half-past ten on Sunday morning - He asked for drink; Woodroff took the basket, as he thought he was not able to take care of it himself.
BOZIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WOODROFF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
FARTHING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Confined One Year
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
