





596. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, one coat, value 2 l.; one waistcoat, value 10 s., and one pair of trowsers, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George James 
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Cornelius 
                        Risby
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES DAY
               



            . I am a coach-plater
, and live in Plummer's-court, St. Giles's


 - the prisoner is my brother
. On the 12th of April, I went out about six o'clock in the morning, locked my door, and left him in bed. I returned about ten o'clock, found my box broken open, and missed these things. My door was still locked, but there had been a hole in the wainscot for some time - it was large enough to admit a man. Six days after I went with the officer, and apprehended the prisoner at the Black Dog, public-house, Drury-lane - he had my trowsers on.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me before you apprehended me - A. Yes, I saw him the same evening at Bow-street. He said he wished to give himself up, or he should make away with himself. I applied to a man to take him - he said as it was a family affair we had better make it up.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  RISBY
               



            . I keep the house. On the 7th of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in, and went up stairs. He came down soon after, and told me to tell his brother, he should be in in a few minutes - he never returned.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
