







431. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HEMPSTEAD
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HUDSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January

, one ream of paper, value 2l. 5s.; six packs of cards, value 1l. 2s. 6d.; and twelve pen-knives, value 1l. 2s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Nowill
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Burch
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NOWILL
               



            . I am the partner of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Burch
               



            ; we live in Jewry-street, Aldgate



. In the early part of last month, we missed some property, in consequence of which we apprehended the prisoners, Hempstead and Hudson, who were our porter

s, on the 18th of January; we charged them with the robbery. Hempstead took us to the house of the prisoner, Chapman, in Baldwin's-gardens, Gray's-inn-lane. I asked Chapman if he knew Hempstead - He said he did, and brought forward a ream of paper, and said he had bought it of him for 17s.; he also said he bought six packs of cards of him for 1s. 6d. per pack; and twelve knives, which were my property, he said he bought of him. The wholesale value of the paper was 2l. 5s. and the cards 1l. 2s.; he said he had known him four years.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. He produced the articles when I told him my business; he is a stationer
. Hempstead has lived six years with us.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a police-officer. I accompanied Mr. Nowill to Chapman's house; Hempstead was with us. I told Champman, that stolen property was suspected to be in his house. I asked him if he had bought any paper of Hempstead; he said he had bought a ream, and produced it; he said he was to give 17s. for it. We asked Hempstead if he had sold him any thing else - He said he had sold him six packs of cards. Chapman fetched them; Hempstead said he sold them for 1s. per pack-Chapman said he gave 1s. 6d.; he also brought eight penknives forward.
Cross-examined. They were in his shop for sale.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  TATE
               



             (witness for the prisoner Chapman). I am a wool-stapler. I went to Chapman's shop to buy a book, a little before Christmas-the prisoner, Hempstead, was there with some paper. I heard Chapman ask him how he came by it; he said he was selling it for a friend - I did not know either of them before.
Cross-examined. I met Chapman's wife about a week ago; she asked me if I did not remember it - I said I did. I saw Chapman give him 2l.
HEMPSTEAD. - GUILTY. Aged 22.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
HUDSON. 

               - NOT GUILTY
            .
CHAPMAN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
