





954. 
               
                  
                     JOHN BUTLER 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, at the hour of four in the night of the 23d of October
, being in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hook
                     



                  , feloniously did steal three waistcoats, value 7 s. a pair of breeches. value 3 s a pair of pantaloons, value 12 s. three shirts, value 7 s. two fans, value 1 s. eight handkerchiefs, value 3 s. four pair of stockings. value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hook
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOOK
               



            . I a housekeeper
, No. 2, Sutton-street, Soho


. On Sunday night, the 23d of October, I and my wife were the last up in the house. I saw before I went to bed, that the house was all perfectly safe, and security fastened. I fastened up my house, and my cellar flap as usual. I am a licensed victualler. About four o'clock in the morning the watchman said. I had thieves in my house. I came down to the watchman; he told me a drayman had been past, and had told him he saw a man coming out of my cellar flap. I went to the cellar door and found it secure as I had left it the over night; and on my examining the cellar. I saw a box that was left in my care, and the contents of the box scattered about in the cellar, and I saw the prisoner in the corner of the cellar, hid behind a butt. The contents of the box, the the greatest part of them, are in the indictment. I had been in the cellar in the afternoon; there were none of the things in that box scattered about then; the prisoner I have seen come in and out of the house, I knew his person.
Q. Did you find any part of the house broken - A. No, I found some of the property about him, which had been in the box; I and the watchman found the prisoner in the cellar, and the box broken open.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, and found some pocket handkerchiefs and several articles; the gentleman that belongs to them is here.
Prosecutor. They are all mine. I left them in the care of Mr. Hook.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
