






96. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ARCHER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, one pair of breeches, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davidson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I live in John-street, Back-road, Islington


. On the 6th of November, about half past nine o'clock in the morning, Bilham and the constable brought a pair of breeches to me, which were mine, and were in my parlour the evening before, in a chair near the window. He said he had taken the prisoners.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARDING BILHAM
               



            . On the 6th of November, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners, with a third person, looking into the prosecutor's window, and saw Archer receive a pair of breeches from the third person, who stood outside the place. I had been watching a quarter of an hour. I immediately went out and seized them - Wilson was in company with them. I took them to the watch-house, the other escaped.


                  THOMAS 
                  FALKNER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners in custody. I had seen them in company with 
               Moore
             the day before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ARCHER'S Defence. I was passing the door, a lad inside the pales threw the breeches over; they fell on my shoulder, and I took them.
WILSON'S Defence. I was on the other side of the way, crossed to see what was the matter, and was taken.
ARCHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
