






223. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAPPY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NIAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February
, a great coat, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard Philip 
                     Hyam
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIP HYAM
               



            . I live at No. 105, Bishopsgate without


, I am a pawnbroker
, the great coat will not be produced, it is not found. About five o'clock in the afternoon, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cooper
               



            , who is a porter to an opposite neighbour, came and asked me if I had lost any thing, I had a young man in the shop, he looked round, and missed the coat.
Q. How long before had you seen the coat. - A. About one hour.
Q. What part of the shop was this great coat in. - A. It was next the door, outside, hanging up.
Q. Is the door of your shop generally left open. - A. Always during the day; we have always somebody attending in the shop. We went with Cooper in search of the prisoners, whom he said he should know; we went into the Blakeney's head, in Norton Falgate, from there we were proceeding to another public-house in Skinner-street; in our way, Cooper saw the prisoner, Happy, he declared he was the man that received the coat, he seized him immediately, and said, here is the man that received your coat from the man who took it, three were together at the time the coat was stolen.
Q. What said Happy to that charge of Cooper's. - A. I do not recollect, Cooper will explain better than I can.
Q. Was Happy alone then. - A. He was with some girls of the town.
Q. What was the worth of that coat. - A. Twelve shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Worms
               



            , in Norton Falgate, he keeps a carpet warehouse, our house is opposite Mr. Hyams.
Q. Do you know the persons of either of those two men at the bar. - A. Yes, both of them, I have known Happy six weeks or two months.
Q. Did you see either of them the day you gave any information to Mr. Hyam. - A. Yes, I saw him a little after five in the afternoon, about forty yards distance from Mr. Hyam's door, in company with another.
Q. Any women with him. - A. No. There were three in all.
Q. Which way did they go when you got sight of them. - A. They went towards Mr. Hyams's, when they got towards Mr. Hyams's I saw Nias, and the other man, who is not here, move from the window towards Mr. Hyam's door, I saw him put out his left arm, take down a coat, or at least pulled it down, I am not certain which, he delivered the coat into Happy's hands, Happy put it under his apron, and ran off with it, the other two went down another direction, Nias and the man who is not here.
Q. Did you pursue them. - A. No, I went over and informed Mr. Hyams; in two or three minutes afterwards, we went in pursuit of them, Mr. Hyams and me, I saw Nias standing in the street smoking his pipe about seven o'clock or a little after, I said to Mr. Hyams, here is one of the men, Mr. Hyams said, is it the person that stole the coat, I said No, the person that received it, Happy said he knew nothing of it, he had just come out of the Magpye in Skinner-street, I am quite sure he is the man, I could not be mistaken in his person, knowing his features so long.
Q. Were you present when Nias was apprehended. A. No, I was not, Nias I believe was apprehended on Monday morning, I saw him upon examination at the Mansion-house, I am sure he is one of the three person. The coat has not been found.


                  JOHN 
                  GROVES
               



            . I am a constable, I took charge of Happy, he was delivered over to me, I know nothing of the transaction myself, he was in custody before I had him, I carried him before the magistrate.
- WHITE. I am an extra constable of the city of London, I apprehended Nias. On Saturday evening last, about half past six, I met my brother officer, Groves, and he said there were two or three lurking fellows hanging about Bishopgate Street, and immediately we went to the Magpye, Nias and Happy came in there, they were in company together, Nias had a piece of bacon in his left hand when he came in, and he throw'd it in the off box and sat in the seat alongside of the bacon, I said to Groves, there is something that is not right, he said, we will watch them. After that Happy came and spoke to me in Skinner Street, he came to me again the second time and spoke to me, a little girl went out and Nias went after her just in Skinner-street, and just in Skinner-street, Nias gave a woman a piece of bacon, I ran after him and stopped him, I asked him what he was doing there, he got away from me, I lost him, and I apprehended him again on the Monday morning between the hours of ten and eleven in Swan-street, Shoreditch; I told him I took him upon suspicion of stealing some bacon, when I brought him to the Mansion-house, I told Mr. Sapwell that I had got a person that was along with Happy, and Mr. Cooper came out and said, he was one of the men that was concerned in this transaction.
Q. Did you search him. - A. No, I did not, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sapwell
               



             did. I took Happy myself from Mr. Hyams, I searched him and found nothing at all.
Happy's Defence. My Lord, I am really innocent of the charge that is laid against me, why did not the gentleman take me with the property, as he says I had it; I am a master for myself, I am a shoemaker, I make goods, and serve shops about London with them.
Nias's Defence. I am really innocent of the charge, and knew nothing at all about it.
Happy called one witness who gave him a good character.
Nias called one witness who gave him a good character.
HAPPY 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.
NIAS 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
