







1251. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AMOS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, two coats, value 5 s.; two pair of breeches, value 7 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 2 s.; one waistcoat, value 6 d.; one pair of stockings, value 6 d., and one handkerchief, value 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Steel
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  STEEL
               



            . I live at Tottenham


, on Mr. Brigg's premises - he allows me a room there for me and my wife to sleep in. On the 31st of August, about five o'clock, I left every thing safe, and went to work, returned at seven o'clock in the evening, and all my property was gone; on the 6th of September I saw Amos and Clark before the magistrate - Amos had my waistcoat on; I had had it fifteen years, He said he changed it with Crawley for a black one. I afterwards found my trowsers on Clark, who had turned them up at the knees to appear like breeches; my property was worth 4 l. It was all I had in the world.


                  SARAH 
                  STEEL
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I left my apartment about half-past five o'clock in the evening. I discovered that we were robbed. When Clark and Amos were before the magistrate, Clark had my husband's waistcoat on - we afterwards found that Amos had the trowsers tucked up like breeches.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARD
               



            . I was employed to take care of some cows at Tottenham, near Steel's house. On the 31st of August, about twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoners Crawley and Amos, a third person was looking out on the watch about a field off. They asked me if the people were gone out? I said No (though they were out), as I thought they were after no good. They said, if I told such a lie as that they would beat me. They then went and looked in my tent, there was nothing there but an old coat - Crawley said that was not worth taking. They knocked my tent down, then went towards the house, and I lost sight of them. I afterwards saw them in custody.
WILLIAM BYGRAVE. I am a hay-binder, and live at Tottenham. On the 31st of August, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw Crawley and Clark, with another man, whom I do not recollect - they were about three-quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's - Crawley had something like a cloth under his arm, the other had a white bag at his back - they were coming towards Islington.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . I am beadle of Tottenham. Amos and Clark were given into my custody. I took them before the magistrate. Next morning Crawley was taken and delivered to me. As I took him to the House of Correction, I told him Amos had a waistcoat on, which he said he had from him in exchange for a black one. Crawley said,
"He is a fool for putting on that waistcoat, for he was sure to be known. Amos said he would put a pair of sleeves in it, and then nobody will know it - but since they have gone so far as that against me, have you examined Clark's trowsers?" I said I had not. He said,
"He has now got on part of the stolen property, and the coats and breeches are pawned at Islington." I found them at a pawnbroker's at Islington. I went and found the trowsers on Clark.



                  GEORGE 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Drew, who is a pawnbroker, at Islington. On the 31st of August, about four o'clock, Amos pledged a coat and a pair of breeches with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK'S Defence. I gave Crawley a pair of breeches for the trowsers.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AMOS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
