





80. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HATCHMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of November
, nine pound weight of cheese, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Faulkener
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKENER
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
, No. 40, Great Saffron Hill


.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. On the 5th of November, I was in Chick Lane. About a quarter before seven, I saw the prisoner and another lad together. I crossed over and met the prisoner, I said
"Bill, what have you got here," he said
"it is not mine, I have found it," I said,
"I will find an owner to it." I took him in custody. I examined the handkerchief in his hand, it contained this cheese.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKENER
               



            . I am nine years old, my father is a carpenter, he keeps a chandler's shop in Saffron Hill. The prisoner came in for a two-penny loaf, he made a bother about it, he pointed out which he would have, I gave him that which he pointed to. When I went in doors, my mother came out, she asked me where the cheese was gone, there was nobody in the shop but the prisoner. I did not see him take the cheese. The cheese was there when he came in, and when he was gone, the cheese was gone. I am sure he is the person.
Prosecutor. I am sure it is my cheese.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my own house about half after six o'clock at night, I was going to my uncle's. I was going out of Harps Alley I saw the cheese against the side of a court, I picked it up, and went to Black Boy Alley. Mr. Hutt stopped me, he asked me what I had got, I told him it was mine, I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
