





688. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SIMKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
, a gold seal, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WARNES
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Fisher
               



            , No. 2, Leicester Square


.
Q. Were you at home on the 21st of August last - A. Yes, the prisoner came to the shop and desired to look at some gold seals. I shewed him a tray, containing five or six dozen. After looking at them some time, I observed that he put a seal in his pocket, and when he was about leaving the shop, I said you, have got a seal in your pocket, he immediately put his hand into his pocket and gave it me, and ran off; I pursued him, called stop thief, and took him in Lisle Street; I never lost sight of him; I took him to Bow Street.
Q. What were you doing at the time that you saw him put the seal in his pocket - A. Nothing, my attention was fixed entirely to him; I saw him put his hand in his pocket and the seal fell in.
Q. Had you observed whether that hand had been shortly before that time in the tray - A. He had had his hand in the tray, and took up a dozen of different seals to look at, he put the seal into his right hand breeches pocket.
Q. Was he searched at Bow-street - A. Yes, I was not present.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOMAN
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the office at Bow-street. I took him in custody he had a half-penny and a farthing that was all the money that he had about him; he had a silver hunting watch, that was traced to the shop where it was bought, but not by him, the gentleman came for it. Two gold seals, a gold ring, and a gold key, and a little tortotshell snuff-box.
Q. Had they the appearance of being new - A. The watch was but last year's, and the seals and key quite new.
Prisoner's Defence. I am sorry I am brought here, I have been a servant fifteen years, I declare myself innocent of the charge. I do not disown I had the seal in my hand, the moment I took up the seal he challenged me with it, I put it down, and he, directly called me a thief and rascal, and the moment I went out, he called after me stop thief.
COURT. Q. to Warnes. Are you sure he remained in the shop any time after he put the seal in his pocket - A. I am quite sure he remained two minutes, if I said four I do not think I should be wrong. After I accused him of it he turned round and went out of the shop.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
