





465. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of August
, two pewter pint pots, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Graves
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . I am a carpenter. I know the two pint pots are Mr. Graves's, they were deposited in a closet in Sadler's Wells


. The prisoner was a scene shifter
. He was in the habit of going to undress himself in the closet at the back of the stage, after he had done his work. I saw him take these two pint pots and put in his pocket one at a time; and soon after I had seen the prisoner put the pots in his pocket, I followed him down stairs, when he returned upon the stage on the opposite side. I thought he had been gone, not seeing him when I came down. I went out of doors, and soon after the prisoner came out. He went up the yard, and I followed him. A coach at that time was passing the yard. I lost sight of him. Soon after I saw the prisoner coming out of the door again. There was another person with me. I told him that Hayward was coming up; we waited to see whether he was going towards the Clown, knowing that he had the pots in his pocket. He went past the Clown. I saw him pass the door. A witness and I followed him. The witness that is here with me felt at his pockets, and found that he had got two pint pots, one in each pocket. We took him, one on each side, after he had got some distance from the Clown, and asked him to go with us to Mr. Graves, he keeps the Clown, and said he wanted us as well. He asked what we all wanted with him. We told him we would tell him when we got to the Clown. When we came to the door he made great resistance. We were forced to call out Graves, and a gentleman that was in the house at the time, came to our assistance; by that means we got him into the house. We took into the bar. We told Graves that we had got a man that had got pots in his pocket. The prisoner said he had no pots in his pocket. We had suspected him a long time, and I had marked each of the pots.
Prisoner's Q. Was not I in the act of crossing to the Clown - A. No, you had passed by the Clown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARLAND
               



            . I am the master carpenter at the Theatre. M young man watched the prisoner. When I saw the prisoner go past the Clown, I went and seized him. I had previously before that rubbed him down, and found something hard in his pockets. We forced him into the Clown. A gentleman in the bar took a pint pot out of his left-hand pocket, and another out of his right-hand pocket. These are the pots.
MR. GRAVES. These pots are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I trust, with the indulgence of the court, I can explain in a satisfactory manner the circumstance which seems to involve me in an act of shame. I am a labourer in the East India Company's service, and also a scene-shifter at the Theatre, which brought me eight shillings a week. I told the girl, I would bring the pots home as soon as the Theatre closed. I have ever maintained an unblemished character, and with honesty alone endeavoured to maintain a large family.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
