






984. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HINKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May

, one saddle, value 40 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Sherward
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SHERWARD
               



            . I am a horse-dealer
, my stables are in Pitt's Head-yard, Park-lane



. On Sunday, the 2d of May, I lost the saddle.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHESTER
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I left the stables between six and seven o'clock on Sunday evening, and locked them up - every thing was then safe. I went at six o'clock next morning, and missed the saddle; the door was still locked; a person could get in by lifting up the sky-light. I saw the saddle afterwards at Marlborough-street. I had seen Hinks about the yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPENDLOVE
               



            . I am a dealer in harness, and live in Crawford-street. On Saturday, the 3d of May, I was in Park-street, and saw the prisoner, Hinks, coming up Reeves's-mews, he was looking at the stables. I went and asked him if he had any harness or saddles to dispose of? he said I had sold the sweeps in Lord Denbeigh's case - I said he was mistaken. He said,
"If I had known you had been staunch, I would have brought you 50 l. worth of things;" I said I was staunch enough. He then said he had got a saddle in pawn in a street leading to Oxford-street, but there was a row about it, and the duplicate was burnt. We went to Mount-street to drink; a man came in whom I did not wish to see, and we went to another house at the corner of South Audley-street. I said,
"You have burnt the duplicate, how will you get it without going to a magistrate?" He asked me if I knew Jem Francis? I said I did not know him by name. He said
"He has been a cross cove for these twenty years, and I have been on the cross three years, and Francis used always to dispose of my things, but he did not exactly come up to the mark, and I dispose of them myself in general, but the pawnbroker knows Francis, and will let him have the saddle in a moment without the duplicate." He then asked me if I bought shiners? which means glasses. I said I only bought saddles and harness. He asked if I bought box-coats? I said I did not mind one or two, if they were drab ones. He said he had had fifteen pair of shiners, and nine box-coats. He said if I would give him my direction he would go to Francis, get the saddle, and bring it to me in the evening - that it was in pawn for 12 s., and I should have it for 8 s. more, and I need not dispute his word about its being worth that. I watched him out of the public-house, and saw him go down Street's-buildings, where Francis lived. I then went to Marlborough-street, gave information, an officer came to my house, and waited for him that evening, but he did not come. About six o'clock on Sunday morning he came with a sack which had box-coats and other things in it, but not the saddle. I told him I expected a country dealer, that I would go and look for him, and told him to wait at the public-house the while. He took his sack and went. I fetched Wales, the officer, to my house - I then fetched Hinks - Wales acted as a country dealer, and agreed to buy the things of him. I asked him about the saddle; he said he could not see Francis, but he could get it at eight o'clock next morning if we liked. He said a man of his party had got a gig harness and saddle; he went for it, but did not return. I went into the country, and when I returned in the evening I found he had been, and that I should find him at the Britannia. I went and called him out, and asked him why he did not bring the saddle? he said he had sold it in the Borough, but he should have something for me in the morning, and appointed to come at six o'clock, but did not. I saw him on Tuesday morning, about ten o'clock, at the corner of Berner's-street, and asked him why he did not come? he said he had nothing in my way, but he was going to Cherwood's, in Gee's-court.

Q. Did he bring you any saddle - A. No. I went to Chesswood's, and saw him and Chesswood making a skeleton key; I went and told Plank, and had him apprehended.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. Spendlove fetched me; I went to Henrietta-street, close to Gee's-court, and saw Hinks go into the Lamb and Flag, public-house - Chesswood and Spendlove followed him. I apprehended Hinks, and found four skeleton keys in his pocket. I had information, which led me to Aldous's, the pawnbroker, in Berwick-street, where I found a saddle, which the prosecutor claimed - the duplicate was in the name of Francis, pledged on the 3d of May, for 12 s. On Tuesday morning early I went to Francis's lodgings, found him in bed, and asked him if he knew Hinks? he said he did. I asked him if he had received any saddle from him? he said No. I said,
"You have, for you have pledged it at Aldous's." he then said he had.


                  JOHN 
                  SHERVALL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Aldous, a pawnbroker. On Monday, the 3d of May, about twelve o'clock, Francis pledged a saddle for 12 s. He gave his address,
"No. 17, Berwick-street." I knew him before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of May Spendlove gave me information - I went to his house, and saw Hinks; I represented myself as a country dealer. He said he sold one saddle, and had another in pawn.
HINKS'S Defence. I met one Dodsworth, who formerly worked for the prosecutor - he had a saddle. I went to the Crabtree; while we there Francis came in. Dodsworth asked where he could pledge the saddle? I asked Francis to pledge it; he took and pledged it for 12 s. I gave Dodsworth the duplicate, and he gave me 2 s.
- CHESSWORTH. Dodsworth left my master's service soon after the saddle was stolen, and went to work for my master's brother.
FRANCIS'S Defence. I was coming from market, and called at the public-house - I had lent them 1 s., they said if I would pledge the saddle they would pay me. I pledged it for 12 s. I did not know it was stolen.
HINKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FRANCIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
