





567. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUFFEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 4 s. and a two pound bank note
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALL
               



            . On the 24th of April, I was walking up Nightingale-lane


; I felt my left coat pocket touched. I immediately put my hand, and found my pocket-book wanting a friend of mine, Mr. Flasket, was with me; I said to him my pocket is picked, and looking round, I saw the prisoner running away, on which I called stop thief, and chased him; the prisoner dropped my pocket-book from under his coat, I saw it drop; I stooped and picked it up, and never lost sight of the prisoner until Mr. Flasket secured him; he caught him by the collar. I know the prisoner to be the person. I never lost sight of him. We then delivered him over to the constable.
Q. What was in the pocket-book - A. Two one pound notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLASKET
               



            . On the 24th of April, I was with Mr. Ball. I saw the pocket-book drop from under the prisoner's coat. I never lost sight of the prisoner. I seized him, I am sure he is the man from whom the pocket-book fell.


                  JOHN 
                  TUNBIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the pocket-book.
Prosecutor. It is my pocket book; it contains two one-pound notes, the ships register clearance, and quarantine.
Prisoner's Defence. It is of no use giving the court any further trouble, I own my guilt. I hope to serve his Majesty either by sea or land.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
