





847. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FAZAKERLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of June
, one printed bound book, value 4 l. one other printed bound book, called the Bible, value 4 l. and three other printed bound books, called Young's Works, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Saunders
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am an auctioneer
, Poets-gallery, Fleet-street


. It is my house and premises; I have no partner; I cannot say exactly the day I lost the books; they were missed between the 3rd and the 7th of June; I missed this Bible bound in blue morocco, and Young's Works, large paper; they were missed from my premises; I do not know who took them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Saunders. I can identify the Bible to be Mr. Saunder's property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took this Bible in of the prisoner, he pledged it on the 29th of May, for one pound fifteen shillings; I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I took the prisoner in custody, on the 8th of July, at the Auction-mart, Bartholomew-lane; I then went to his lodging in Cannon-street; I there found a quantity of duplicates for books. This is the duplicate for the Bible.
Hodges. That is my master's Bible.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing at all to say.
GUILTY, aged 50.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
