







1206. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LINDON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, one watch, value 5 l.; and one seal, value 2 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . On the 11th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in the Commercial-road


; a gang of persons surrounded me. I was alarmed, and immediately as I got from them I missed my watch.


                  CHARLES 
                  COX
               



            . I lodge in the Commercial-road, On the 11th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I heard a noise, looked out of window, and saw the prosecutor surrounded by fifty or sixty men and women. As he came nearer, I observed both his pockets turned out. I saw him take his watch from his fob, and put it in his coat-pocket. At that time, a girl who was with them, struck him on the back of his head - Anderson took the watch from the prosecutor's coat-pocket, and put it in his bosom, turned round, and ran away. I ran down, called Stop thief! pursued him, and overtook him at the top of the street - I began to search for the watch; a little boy picked it up, and gave it to me. I know nothing of Lindon.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEVET
               



            . I was in the Commercial-road, and saw a gang of bad characters pursuing the prosecutor. I followed them to Cuthew-street, and saw the crowd increased greatly. I and a gentleman attacked them, and among them I recognized the prisoner and Lindon. On the Sunday evening following I met him and gave him in charge.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I live in the Commercial-road, heard the alarm, and saw Cox secure Anderson, who was running.
ANDERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
LINDON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
