







1192. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July

, in a ship called the Isabella, in the port of London (the same being a port of entry and discharge), 350 yards of printed cotton, value 25l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Christian 
                     Beile
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHAMBERS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 168 yards, part of the said cotton, they well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Neil 
                  M'Neil
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PERROTT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Milner, a packer. On the 9th of July I packed printed cottons in a trunk, which were shipped on board the Isabella, in the London Docks



. I should know the trunk again (looking at it), that is it. I have patterns of the goods.


                  JOHN 
                  HAND
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Milner. I delivered the box at the London Docks, on the 20th of July.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a labourer in the Docks. I attended the shipping of the trunk on board the Isabella, for Charlestown, Captain M'Neil.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MEIN
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Bainbridge and Brown, who are agents to John Christian Beile, of Charlestown; he bought some cottons which were sent to Mr. Milner to pack, to go by the Isabella, Captain 
               M
            'Neil. I have patterns of the goods.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GYLES
               



            . I am a clerk at the West India Docks. My brother was mate of the Isabella, which laid in the London Docks. On the 24th of July, I was on board, on a visit to my brother. The prisoner, Rowley, was a mariner on board. Between eleven and twelve o'clock I saw him coming on board from the quay, dressed in a smock frock, which he usually worked in. He went down to the forecastle, and came up again in about a quarter of an hour. He had changed his trowsers, and pulled off his smockfrock. He appeared very bulky. There was a ship between us and the shore. My brother stopped him as he was making his way towards the bows to get ashore, to avoid us; we took him into the cabin; my brother told him to strip; he appeared unwilling to do so. My brother stripped him, and took two pieces of printed cotton from him, and gave him in charge.
Q. Before the officer came did he say any thing - A. He said he hoped my brother would look over it, and offered him all the money he had in his pocket, and said he would tell where the remaining pieces were, that they might be recovered. My brother refused, in consequence of a circumstance which happened before. The second mate brought in four pieces of cotton, which he said, in the prisoner's presence, that he found them under his bed.
Q. Did the prisoner tell where the goods were - A. He said as my brother would not forgive him, he would not tell; he knew the worst of it, that he should be transported, and he did not care for that, for he would not stop long.
ROWLEY. Q. Did you see your brother take the cotton from me - A. I did. The Isabella has sailed, and my brother with her.


                  JOHN 
                  MAIDMENT
               



            . I am a Thames Police constable. On the 24th of July I was fetched on board the Isabella. I took Rowley in charge, and the cotton and the trunk, which contained only thirty-seven pieces. As I was taking Rowley to the office he asked me to let him go. After the examination, as I was taking him to the New Prison, he asked if it would do him any good to say where the prints were. I told him it would not, but he might do as he pleased about it. He asked me to order the coach (which we were in) to go up Rosemary-lane. I did so, and he pointed to the prisoner Chambers's door, and said, "there is where I have sold them," and that he had got 1l. a piece for them. He said he took the first piece into the parlour. Next day I went to Chambers's and found Burton at the door, he appeared to be the servant. I asked for Chambers, he came out of the back parlour; I told him I wished to speak with him; he appeared reluctant to speak to me, and wished to go to the side door; I told him I must go into the parlour, as I had a warrant to search his house. I opened the parlour door, and immediately saw nine pieces of printed cotton in a trunk. I found a piece in a drawer which appeared to have been cut off the other pieces. He said he did not buy them, but that his man, Burton, did. I brought Burton in, he said that his master's money had paid for them, and they were both present. I took them and the goods to the office. I found some gown pieces had been cut off the cotton, and told them of it; they said some had been sold, but they should be recovered again. They were recovered again.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did not Rowley say that the man who stole them had not been paid his wages - A. Yes; he said he carried them out of the Dock. He said he got at the trunk through the ballast port, which was left open at night.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Whether the goods were taken at once or twenty different times, you cannot say - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HAINES
               



            . I was with Maidmant and searched. I went to Chambers's brother's wife and got two pieces of cotton, which correspond with the others. Maidment has spoken correctly. There was no linen in the shop. It is a clothes shop.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was there any women's apparel in the shop - A. I did not particularly notice.
EDWARD WILLIAM SOMERS. I am a clerk at the Thames Police Office. I took down what the prisoners Chambers and Burton said on their examination. (reads)."Chambers said, the man brought six pieces to sell. I did not like to buy them, but Burton came in and said, he dare say they were got honestly, and agreed to give 1l. a piece for them. I paid him. We cut off pieces and sold them to different people." Burton said he was shopman to Chambers. He saw the man with him, and bought them for 1l. a piece, which Chambers agreed to give; hesaid it was agreed; that he should have a third of the profits of what was sold, instead of his wages.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROWLEY'S Defence. My shipmate, Herrington, delivered me six pieces of printed cotton to sell, I sold them in Rosemary-lane, and gave him the money; as I was going to sell more for him I was taken.
CHAMBERS'S Defence. I did not know they were stolen.
BURTON'S Defence. I am Chambers's servant. I was to have a third of what I got and sold myself. I bought them of the man, not knowing they were stolen.
ROWLEY-GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CHAMBERS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
BURTON-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
