





857. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HICKEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of Mary Menzies bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Redding
               




            .
MARY REDDING. My husband's name is Richard Redding. I lodge in Mary Menzies house, Colvill Court, Charles Street


. The prisoner lived with me and minded my child.
Q. Do you recollect losing any money at any time. - A. Yes. I saw my money safe in my box on the Friday or Saturday week before she was taken. I always kept my box locked.
Q. What did your money consist of. - A. Three one pound notes, and two guineas in gold.
Q. Had the prisoner ever seen your money in this box. - A. I do not know, I had never shewn it her. On Tuesday I agreed with her to stop, she lived with me weekly, I then settled with her. On the Wednesday morning she went away with her bundle telling me that she was going to a place where she should have two shillings a week. About an hour after that I went to the box, it was locked, I opened it, my money was gone.
Q. Do you happen to know while she was living in your room, whether she had any money or not. - A. I am certain she had no money, she always begged of me to give her a bit of tobacco until her week was up, she had lived with me about eight or nine weeks. I never saw my money or notes again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . On Wednesday the 16th of October I was coming through Coventry Court, I saw Mrs. Redding, she had hold of the prisoner, she said the prisoner had robbed her of three one pound notes and two guineas. The prisoner put her hand into her bosom as if she wanted to take something out, I took the prisoner into a house in Rupert Street, I put my hand into her bosom, I took out a little bag containing seventeen shillings, two half crowns, and the rest three shilling pieces. In her pocket I found this key, and eighteen penny pieces, she told me it was money she had brought away from Ireland. I took her to Bow Street, the key I found in her pocket I tried to Mrs. Redding's box, it locked and unlocked it.


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am the book-keeper of the Black Bear, Piccadilly. On Wednesday morning the 16th of October the prisoner came to me and took an outside fare for Bristol, about ten o'clock she paid eighteen shillings, she pulled out a bag, she had but fourteen shillings in silver, that not being enough she opened a dirty piece of paper, in that was a guinea, I gave her two shillings and eighteen penny pieces change.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HAYE
               



            . I found a bundle of the prisoner's at Mrs. Corbett's house.


                  MARY 
                  CORBETT
               



            . The prisoner came into my place on the Wednesday, between the hours of eight and nine in the morning, she asked me to let her leave the bundle while she went and took a place in the coach, this is the same bundle which Haye took in, the bundle is a shawl, three new handkerchiefs, and a new gown and petticoat.
Prisoner's Defence. They are my own gowns, myself bought them, I brought the money from Ireland in my petticoat, I told my mistress if she would not give me two shillings a week, I would part with her, I gave her a week's warning, and then left her, I never saw the inside of the box since I was born.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
