






206. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROSE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, the sum of 10 s., in copper monies, numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        Susanah 
                        Pinherio
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles William 
                           Russell
                        



.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM RUSSELL
               



            . I am fourteen years of age, and am servant
 to Susanah Pinherio, who is a tobacconist
, and lives in Whitechapel. On the 31st of December, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, my mistress and I were walking along the pavement in Houndsditch


; I had two 5 s. papers of halfpence in a basket - one was tied up in brown paper, and the other in a piece of newspaper; my mistress was just before me. Three boys came round me, making a noise like a parcel of dogs, they lifted up the lid of the basket, and took one 5 s. paper out, which was tied up in brown paper; another boy took the other; I did not see who took them, but am sure the prisoners are two of the boys - the other boy was taller. Rose and the tall boy ran down Houndsditch, and I called out Stop thief! My mistress caught the prisoner, tore his coat, and took him into a clothes shop - the officer found a few halfpence on him; I saw Rose at the Mansion-house the next day, and am sure he is one of them.
Cross-examined by MR, ADOLPHUS. Q. Rose was looking in at the Mansion-house window next day, andwas brought in - A. Yes, and I said he was the boy, who took the first paper. They went away, returned, and then took the other; I do not know that Rose was one of the three who took the halfpence - I saw him before they were taken.
SUSANAH PINHFRIO. I am a widow
; I was in Houndsditch with my boy; I put the papers of halfpence into his basket. As soon as I came out of my house, which is about two hundred yards from Houndsditch, some boys hustled me - I will not be certain that the prisoners were then among them. When we were in Houndsditch they hustled me again, I turned round, and saw the prisoner take the printed paper of halfpence out of the basket, and give it to another boy, whom I do not know; I seized the prisoner, and never let him go until I had given him in charge - I think Rose was one of the party.


                  JOHN 
                  STOCK
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for, and took Thompson - a printed paper with 4 s. 6 d. in copper was picked up by a person.
THOMPSON'S Defence. The lady let me go, to run after the boys.
- RAMSAY. I know Rose. I was in Aldgate, and saw two or three boys running away - Rose was not among them.
T. THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
ROSE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
