





610. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROBERTSON, alias 
MAXFIELD





               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a watch value 4 l. a gold chain, value 3 l. a gold seal, value 3 l. five shirts, value 10 s. five pair of trowsers, value 15 s. a pair of pantaloons, value 5 s. two waistcoats, value 4 s. two jackets, value 5 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. a pair of drawers, value 2 s. two pair of shoes, value 5 s. a comforter, value 1 s. a hair cap, value 1 s. and a tin box, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Antonio 
                           Martins
                        



                     
                  ; a great coat, value 20 s. five spoons, value 10 s. a silver sugar tongs, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Blow
                        



                     
                  ; four pair of trowers, value 12 s. two jackets, value 5 s. five shirts, value 10 s. two pair of drawers, value 2 s. a frock, value 2 s. a waistcoat, value 5 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. two bags, value 1 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joze 
                           Perez
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of pantaloons, value 5 s. a jacket, value 1 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Domingo 
                     Joze
                  



               
            .


                  ANTONIO 
                  MARTINS
               



            . I am a Portuguese sailor, I came from Lisbon in the Charlotte Brigg, now laying at Limehouse hole.
Q. What was the prisoner - A. The prisoner came on board at Lisbon, he is a sailor
, and came in the same ship with me. On the 9th of July, I missed my watch, a gold chain and seals, and all my clothes, they were in a bag; the watch was taken out of my chest, which was broken open. On the next day, I saw every thing belonging to me at the Thames Police-office.


                  DANIEL 
                  TOBIN
               



            . I am part owner of the Brig Charlotte


: I gave the prisoner his passage home in this Brig, these portuguese sailor



s came to my house on the over night, and said they had been robbed, and their suspicion attached to this man. In a few hours afterwards, I happened to meet with him on London Bridge, I gave him in charge of an officer. Mr. Blow, the master of the vessel, attended at the Police-office, and swore to his property.


                  JOHN 
                  THWAITES
               



            . I am a publican, St. Martins-le-grand. On the 9th of July, the prisoner called at my house, there were two men with him, they had two bags; while they were drinking they said the prisoner had been robbed of eleven pound, in a Graveshend hoy, that he was going into the country, but he was distressed; he was going to sell the watch, chain, and seals, I gave him eight pound seven shillings on them, and a memorandum, that they should have the watch, chain and seals when he advanced the money; I believe him to be the same man.


                  JOHN 
                  VYSE
               



            . I am an officer; I was going over London-bridge, I saw the prisoner attempting to get away from Mr. Tobin; I took him into custody and searched him, I found upon him a handkerchief and this memorandum, that Mr. Thwaites advanced eight pound odd on the watch, and with respect to the clothes, on Monday it came out, that the prisoner had taken the clothes, and booked them at the Swan with two necks, Lad-lane, to go to Liverpool.


                  ROBERT 
                  COUCH
               



            . I am porter at the Swan with two necks. On the 9th of this month, about six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came with two porters, who brought the bags, and booked himself to go outside of the Liverpool mail, and gave two guineas; these bags was taken to the Police office.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
