





42. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, six shirts, value 4 l. a pair of boots, value 30 s. a pair of trowsers, value 10 s. a pair of pantaloons, value 1 l. four pair of stockings, value 8 s. four half handkerchiefs, value 8 s. one half-guinea, three bank dollars and two French sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Riley
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Evans
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  RILEY
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. I live in Carnaby-street


, in 
               
                  John 
                  Evans
               



            's house, in the parish of St. James, Westminster


. The prisoner slept four or five nights with me. On the night of the 3d of August I went to bed about half past nine o'clock. The prisoner came to bed after ten o'clock. On the 4th of August I got up a few minutes before six in the morning. I went out to my work, and left him in bed, behind me, and I returned at one o'clock. I had occasion to go up stairs into my room. I found my things taken away; six shirts, a new pair of boots, a blue silk purse, with money in it, half-a guinea in gold, three dollars, an eighteen-penny piece, two three-shilling pieces, and two French sixpences, a new pair of nankeen trowsers, four pair of cotton stockings, and four half handkerchiefs. I missed all these things when I came to my box. They were the clothes that I had on the Sunday before. I had put them in my box. I saw them safe in my box in the morning, before I went out. I did not see the prisoner for three months after that. It was on the 31st of October I saw him after that. He had then one of my neck handkerchiefs upon him, and one of my shirts. My landlord took him up. He took him home to his own house, and then sent for me, and when I came into the room the landlord asked if I knew who that person was. I answered, yes, that was the young man that slept with me, that I supposed had robbed me.
Q. Did you identify any thing of yours upon him - A. The handkerchief and shirt. I asked him the reason why he robbed me. He said, he had not robbed me. I sent my landlord out for an officer. The prisoner then asked me what my loss was, and if I would go with him, he said, to a friend, to pay me for the things. I told him I would not go with him, but as soon as soon as the officer came I would give him in charge to him. An officer came. I told the officer to take him in charge. He did. The officer took him to Marlborough-street office, and I went with the officer and the prisoner.
Q. Have you got the things here that you found on him - A. The shirt was not taken off him. The officer has the handkerchief. I know the handkerchief by a mark of paint on it, and it matches with those I have at home.
Mr. Reynolds. There were other lodgers all over the house, were there not - A. There were other lodgers. When I left the room in the morning I shut the door. I did not lock it. The key of the door used to hang up in the shop, and when I came there at one o'clock, I found the key these. I saw my things in the box that morning, before I went out. I took six shillings out, and left the purse in the box.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the landlord of the house. I know the prisoner to be the man that lodged with Riley on the night of the 3d of 
               August. On
             the morning of the 4th, Riley got up about six o'clock, and went out to his work. I had occasion to go out a little before seven, and on my returning homeabout eight o'clock I met the prisoner in Peter-street, with a bundle in his left hand. He had on a pair of boots. He passed by me without speaking. That passed on until Riley came home, about one o'clock. Riley went up stairs. He returned down, telling me that he had been robbed, that his box had been broke open, and desired that I would go up to see the nature of the robbery. When I got upstairs I saw the box had been forced open. We searched several pawnbrokers, and found nothing. I took the prisoner on the 1st of October, near the end of Newport-market. I observed him standing at the corner of St. Martin's-lane. I took him by the collar, and asked him if he remembered ever lodging in Carnaby-street. He denied that ever he lodged there. I told him, I was certain as to his person, and that I would not let him go unless he would go home with me, and further satisfy me that he was not the man. He went home with me, and when I got in my house I asked my wife whether she had ever seen that person before. She said, he was the man that lodged with Riley, in his hearing. I sent for Riley, and he said he was the man. The prisoner denied it.
Q. Now, are you sure that he was the man - A. I am sure he was the man.
Q. Was anything found upon him - 
               A. 
            Marsden, the officer, found upon him a handkerchief and a shirt. Riley claimed them, and said they were his. The prisoner had the shirt on his body. The officer has the handkerchief. The prisoner was my lodger; he and Riley paid me jointly for the room.


                  JOHN 
                  MARSDEN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 1st of October last. I found a neck handkerchief upon him, belonging to Riley. There was a shirt on his back, but having no mark that he would swear to, I would not take it off. This is the neck handkerchief
Prosecutor. I know it to be my neck handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in the house at all. I know nothing about his things.
JURY, Q. to Evans. Did the prisoner bring the key down - A. Yes, he brought the key down. My wife hung it upon a nail, and the key was found in its place when Riley wanted to go up stairs.
Q. to Riley. Was the door locked when you went up at one o'clock in the day - A. Yes, it was.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing the handkerchief only, value 1 s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
