





430. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     LEVI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February
, two thousand yards of printed cotton, value 100 l. two pieces of calico, value l. fifty dozen of habit-shirts, value 50 l. and fifty muslin dresses, value 15 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Titus 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  HACK
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  Titus 
                  West
               



            ; his warehouse is No. 2, Castle-court, Lawrence-lane


. On the evening of the 3d of February, I fastened up the warehouse; the warehouse is on the ground floor; out of which the property was stolen. I double locked the door; I put one key in the leather box, and the other I returned to 
               
                  Timothy 
                  West
               



            ,; a relation of my master's. The property was all safe then.
TIMOTHY WEST. On the 3d of February, about half after five o'clock in the afternoon, Hack delivered me the key of the warehouse; I went down stairs about half after six, and found the warehouse door wide open, and the warehouse had been robbed. Upon examination, I missed thirty-three pieces of printed cotton, about two thousand yards, value 100 l. two pieces of calico, fifty-five dozen and eleven habit-shirts, worth about 20 l. and between thirty and forty muslin dresses. Mr. West has no partner. I am only his clerk.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a tailor. I live in Still-alley, Hounsditch. On the 3d of February last, the prisoner came to my house, be brought a sample of printed cotton, what I call mock marsello, for waistcoats. I did not deal with him on that day. On the 17th of February he came to me again, and asked me to buy some mock marsello. He said it cost him ten-pence; I gave him eleven-pence a yard. He offered me thirty pieces or more. He told me that I must cut them up into waistcoats. I told him that I should call for the patterns at his house. This house is the corner of Cutler-street, Hounsditch; and when I was at his house I asked him if I could get discount if I sent them abroad. He told me I could not, for all the fag ends were cut off. I took the patterns, and went with the patterns to Mr. Jeffery, in Cheapside, (where I deal,) and afterwards I shewed Mr. West the patterns. It was arranged between Mr. West and me that I should deal with the prisoner; I told him I had no money; he furnished me with bank notes for the purpose. I then went to the prisoner's house. I saw him in the evening; he gave me two pieces of goods that is one hundred and six yards; I gave him five pounds; I paid him with the bank notes I had been furnished with; I came out of his house with the two pieces; Mr. Davis stopped me with them. I gave Mr. 
               Davis
             the memorandum that I had of the prisoner, and then the officers went immediately into the prisoner's house.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a ward beadle of Aldgate. In consequence of information I went to the house of Levi on Thursday the 18th of February. I fixed Forrester at the front of the door, myself at the left; Collins stipped by me, and I passed him once; Kinnersley was in Still-alley. Collins came up the passage again, in company of a little girl of the name of Garcia; they were coming close together; the girl had a roll of cloth. I asked him what he had there; he said a piece of mock marsello; he told me he bought it of the prisoner; he took me to the prisoner's house. I went into the prisoner's house, into the back kitchen, there I found the prisoner's daughter, a girl about fifteen; I took the candle off the table. The prisoner's daughter, said you must not go up stairs sir I immediately went up stairs, Forrester close to my heels. I found Levi at the top of the stairs, endeavouring to pass me. Forrester cried, you cannot go by, and then I recognised him; I laid hold of him, he squatted down directly; each of his legs got between two broken bannisters; I used entreaties to get him up, and in a moment the front room door bursted open, there I saw in that room about a dozen women playing at cards; the whole body of the ladies came out of the room, and we were completely surrounded; the prisoner's wife got between me and the back door, in which room I saw a woman that turned out to be the nurse; the nurse threw herself immediately upon me, the prisoner's wife asked me what I wanted to do with her husband, did I want to kill him. I told her no, but I was determined not to loose him. The prisoner's wife began to holloa out in the Dutch language, throw it out of the window. I know the language. I said I will throw it out of the window for you. I told her I knew the language, it is the same that was used to the three reams of paper. I desired Forrester to draw his sword; at last the prisoner got up. I took him into the back room and searched him. He produced his pocket-book out of his side pocket, in that pocket-book I found a two pound note; I sent for Mr. 
               
                  Timothy 
                  West
               



            , who was down stairs. I shewed him that two pound note, he identified it; it has his initials on it. He said he had given it to Collins in the morning. I have it ever since. I then went to search his house; I went towards the bed; the prisoner's wife said, my bed is not fit to be touched; take care of my child. I told her I would not hurt the child. I turned up the bed clothes, there I found the bed compleately doubled in half, and the child lying upon the bed; the bottom part of the beadstead was quite vacant; it appeared as if a quantity of things had been laying there. Kinnersley came up and told me they were throwing goods over into the next yard. I sent Forrester and Kinnersley for them. They will give you the account of them. I had them all brought to my house, seven pieces of goods.
Mr. Timothy West. Q. Look at that note produced by Davis - A. This is one of the notes; I marked in the morning, and gave to Collins to buy the goods with.



                  WILLIAM 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I accompanied Mr. Davis. When Collins came out of the house he passed me. The girl had got the marsello. He said to the girl, let us make haste and fetch another piece. After this I found Mr. Davis and the other officer had got into the house. I was at the bottom of the stairs, to see that nothing passed. When I had been there a quarter of an hour the nurse came down puffing and blowing, as if she had been at work very hard. At nine o'clock the watchman came and told me they were throwing the goods into another house. I went into the next house but one; in that yard one piece of goods came upon my head. I found seven pieces of marsello there that appeared to have been thrown out of some window. They appeared to me to come from the next yard adjoining to Levi's yard. I got upon the top of a shed there. I saw three women and a man carrying them. As soon as they saw me they cried, there is a man come in. They immediately went in, and I saw no more of them. There is something of a communication at the back of the houses. I saw them carrying a good way along. I brought away all the goods.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the girl with Collins go into Levi's house empty handed, and come out full handed. When they came out I entered the house. As I was going up stairs, Levi was making his escape down stairs. He said, let me go by. I said, no, go back. I took him up stairs on the landing-place, and there a parcel of ladies sallied out. The prisoner's wife sister asked me if I was going to kill him. I said, no, if they would be quiet it would all be settled. Levi sat on his backside, with each leg through the bannisters. The ladies began to lay hold of him. I was obliged to be resolute. Then he got up and said he would shew us all over the house. We went into the front room and the back room, and found nothing. We stopped a little bit. He had some refreshment. I went down stairs. Some of the people said, we shall all be taken up; they are throwing the goods into our yard; they said, we will not have them in our yard. Then they throwed them into another yard. I went through the second house and sat upon the goods. I sent for an hackney coach. I took them to the watchhouse and locked them up. They are here.
SOPHIA GARCIA. I went with Mr. Collins to Levi's house. Mr. Collins went into the house and brought me a piece of mock marsello to carry home. Mr. Davis stopped me the second time.
ESTHER DAVIS. Q. Do you remember going with Collins to Levi's house - A. I do; he went up stairs; I waited below. He gave me two pieces of mock marsello; I took them to Mr. West; he was waiting at Mr. Collins's.


                  Timothy 
                  West
               



            . Q. Do you remember the last girl bringing you any mock marsello - A. Yes, I was waiting for it at Mr. Collins's: at that time Davis and the officers were with me. I have not a doubt in my mind that they are the goods that we lost, They are Mr. Titus West's property.
COURT. How much have you got.
Davis. We have got about fifteen pieces. I produce them.


                  Timothy 
                  West
               



            . The last that are produced are also the property of Titus West. The fag ends are all now cut off. When we lost them every piece had the regular mark on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the charge. The two-pound note Collins paid my girl that very day, for work done by her. He said he would pay the remainder the next week. I am innocent of the robbery.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
