





166. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a portmanteau trunk, value 5 s. eight waistcoats, value 20 s. two girths, value 6 s. ten pair of stockings, value 10 s. three pair of gaiters, value 1 s, two razors, value 1 s. 6 d. a coat, value 1 l. five shirts, value 1 l. four caps, value 3 s. and five handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Field
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Field
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am the waggoner of the Bedford waggon. On the 12th of November, about six o'clock in the morning, I came to town with the waggon, and all the packages safe; I loaded the waggon myself; there was a package in the waggon belonging to Mr. Travers. I brought some poultry with me for Newgate Market; when I got to town the first thing was to unload the Poultry, meat, and other things opposite the White Hart in St. John-street


. The market goods are always put behind; the other goods were all safe, with a sheet over them. We took the market goods to market.
Q. Was there any person in the care of the waggon - A. I do not think there was. I returned a little after seven.
Q. When you came back did you miss any thing - A. Yes; we could see the space where it was taken from, in the front of the waggon. It was a portmanteau that was gone, belonging to Mr. Travers.
Q. Have you ever seen it since - A. Yes, I saw it on the same day at the Swan in St. John's-lane.
Q. Is that the way bill that you brought with the waggon into town - A. Yes.



                  RICHARD 
                  BOTFIELD
               



             I am a table keeper in Peter-street; I take in between to Smithfield market. On the 12th of November between six and seven o'clock I saw the waggon in St. John-street. I saw the prisoner standing on the shafts of the waggon with both his hands up, as if he was undoing some lines, or else endeavouring to get the portmanteau off; I knew the prisoner for several years, I turned round and looked at him; he saw me take notice of him; I have known him to work occasionally in the market as a drover; seeing me take notice of him he set himself on the shafts, folded his arms, and held his head down, as if I should not see who he was. I had a drove of beasts which I took in the market, and returned as soon as I could. I returned in about a quarter of an hour. I had information that the portmanteau was gone; I saw Kemp (the waggoner), and the beadle of the parish; they requested me to go along with them to the prisoner's lodging, we did not find the prisoner nor the property there. I did not see the prisoner for a great many weeks afterwards, until he was taken up to Hatton Garden office. I am certain he was the person that I saw on the shafts.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I was at the corner of St. John's Lane, on the day the waggon was robbed.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I cannot swear to him.
Q. I did not ask you what he did - do you know him - A. I have seen him four or five times, but as to speak to him I never did; he goes by the name of Skippey. It might be between five and six in the morning; when I saw him it was not day light. I was coming from my master's house, No. 20, St. John's Lane, to go with the sheep.
Q. What did you see - A. I saw a man with a portmanteau, or a parcel, what it was I cannot say. He might be about half a dozen yards from the waggon when I saw him.
Q. What sized man was be - A. About the same height as the prisoner.
Q. Though you have seen the prisoner a great many times, you have heard his name was Skippey, you will not swear it is him - A. No.
JOHN WETCH. I drive a horse and cart for Mr. Taylor, a bricklayer, in St. John's-lane. On the day this robbery was committed I was in Eagle-court, I found this trunk there, at the back of my master's shed; I told our bricklayer of it, he took it to Mr. Taylor's house, the White Swan; I went with him. It was the same portmanteau I afterwards saw at the magistrates.
JAMES HANCOCK. I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. I produce a portmanteau I received at the White-Swan on the 12th of November. I received an information from Mr. Taylor that there had been a robbery. I went in search of the prisoner, I did not find him; he was absent from the 12th of November till the 11th of December, I was obliged to serve Richards with a summons to bring him forward.
Q. to Kemp. Is that the portmanteau that you had with the waggon - A. Yes.
JOHN GOFF. I apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of December in the borough of Southwark; I told him I took him for a robbery in Smithfield; he said, I am innocent of it; it is of no use, I know I shall be done for it, he would go quietly with me; he did.
Q. to Batfield When you left St. John-street to take care of the cattle did you leave the prisoner upon the shafts of the waggon - A. Yes, he was sitting on the shafts of the waggon when I left him.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it. I am as innocent as a child.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
