






716. 
               
                  JASPER 
                  MORLEY
               





             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BESHER
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, one pig, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Hales
                  




               
            .


                  BARNARD 
                  HALES
               



            . I am a licenced victualler
, I keep the Durham Arms
, Hackney-road


. I lost the pig out of the sty on the 30th of August, in Hackney-road. I was alarmed by my dog; I went down, and found there was somebody at the sty, and then I called Collins, who is here, to my assistance, and as soon as he came near the gate, the prisoners run; one with the pig in his arms; he dropped the pig coming out of the gate. We followed them both until we catched them; we never lost sight of them until we catched them.
Q. What is the name of the man that dropped the pig - A. Morley. The other got down the ditch. He called Besher back; he came back, and made a blow at me; he missed his blow. The other struck me; I throwed him down, and held him there until assistance came; Collins is the man that came to my assistance. This was at eleven o'clock at night; it was a dark night. I was quite near to Morley when he dropped the pig.
WILLIAM COLLINS. I am a sailor. I was with Mr. Hales, he asked me to come to his assistance. I saw both the prisoners come out of the gate; I saw the pig close by one of their feet. I gave chace of them; I got Morley down, and gave him into Mr. Hales possession. I pursued Besher; I got him down, and kept him down until more men came up.
JAMES DANIELS. I heard the alarm of thieves: I ran to the assistance of Hales and Collins. I saw Collins strike one down; I gave assistance.
Morley's Defence. We were coming by that day, there was an alarm, somebody called out stop thief; they fired at us; we ran away.
Besher's Defence. The same.
MORLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
BESHER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
