






1346. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     ROWE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DURANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, forty-three pounds of lead, value 6s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HUMPHREYS.I am employed in Messrs. Oliver's premises, which 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hughes
               



             was building. On the 17th of July, I was set to watch on the upper warehouse, and saw the two prisoners, on the roof between twelve and one, there was a carpenter on the roof at the time, when he left, I saw the prisoners walk to and fro several times, I saw them together in the gutter, employed in laying the gutter, they were plumbers; I saw Rowe pull up his breeches, I remained in my place and saw them come from the roof, Durant came first and the other followed him, I thought Rowe looked bulky; I followed them down from the upper warehouse to the wharf, when I came there, I found Mr. Oliver on the wharf, and the gates locked; the prisoners went towards the gate and found them locked, they returned to the entrance of the first-floor above; Durant went to the ladder and called to Rowe, and said "there is a road this way we have no occasion to wait;" as Rowe was going up the ladder, Mr. Oliver took him - He resisted - I assisted - We searched and found forty-three pounds of lead concealed under his waiscoat, supported by a leather nailed to the lead; when I saw him pull up his breeches Durant was close to him - He must have seen what he was about.
Cross-examined. The lead was not fixed to the gutter.
THOMAS HUGHES. I am a beilded. I was erecting the premises; the lead was stolen while I was attending here on the Jury.
(Property Produced and sworn to.)
ROWE'S Defence. I put it there, that I might carry it down the ladder easily.
DURANT'S Defence. I was deisred to take the cuttings down.
ROWE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.
DURANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
