





1085. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     LOGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Jacob 
                           Anderson
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 1 s. two 5 l. bank notes, and nine 1 l. bank notes, the property of the said Jacob Anderson
            .


                  JACOB 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a ship carpenter
. On the 20th, or 21st of September last, I was going on board my vessel, between two and three o'clock in the morning, when the prisoner came up to me, and asked me where I was going; I told her I was going on board. She said it was so late, I had better stop on shore. I thought I had better, and said I would go with her. We went to a house at the corner of Gravel lane


, which was open, and got two glasses of gin; there were two young men in the house, who, she said, were her brothers, and asked me would I not give them something to drink; she then took my pocket-book out of my bosom, and ran away. When I saw her again, I reproached her.I never saw my pocket-book, nor any thing of the kind since. I am quite certain the prisoner was the person.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWNE
               



            . I am a patrole. I was on duty at about half past one; I heard a cry of watch, and the prosecutor told me that the prisoner had taken him round his neck with one hand, and taken the pocket-book with the other. I searched her, and found two five-pound notes and six one's; but we never found the pocket-book.
Prisoner. Q. To witness. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober - A. He was neither drunk nor sober, that I know of; for being a foreigner, we could not make him understand.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . On this morning, the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse, we found two five-pound notes and six one-pound notes on her. She told me to take them, and not say a word about them.


                  Jacob 
                  Anderson
               



            . I did not take notice of the notes when I was paid off; but I suppose those are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor made me a present of the notes.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
