





600. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of March
, a watch, value 2 l. and a watch key, value 2 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Mason
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  MASON
               



            . I lost my watch, on the 27th of March between ten and eleven in the morning; I was in Globe Fields, Bethnal Green


; I was standing there, the prisoner came and stood at the right hand of me, and afterwards, I missed my watch, I did not observe it go.
Q. Was there a crowd there - A. No, only a parcel of people standing about the houses.
Q. Did you observe the prisoner go from you - A. No, I cannot say I did.
Q. Had you known the person of the prisoner before - A. No, but I took particular notice of him, standing by the side of me.
Q. How soon did you see the prisoner again - 
               A. 
            Not till he was apprehended, on Wednesday or Thursday the week following, he was apprehended by Caroline and Kennedy.
Prisoner. Can you swear it was me that took your watch - A. You was the person that stood near to me.
WILLIAM REYNOLDS. I know 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Mason
               



            , he is a weaver, and I am a silk weaver. On the 27th of March, Easter Monday, I was in Globe Fields, I live in that neighbourhood. I was standing near to Mason, I saw the prisoner come and stand near to Mason, the prisoner, the identical same man, he placed himself at his right hand as close as he could get; there were full thirty people standing at the same stand, there was almost a mob. I saw the prisoner take Mason's watch; the prisoner looked sharply at Mason's breeches; there was a black ribbon hanging out, the prisoner passed by him; and took a second look at Mason's breeches, I withdrew from the prisoner about a yard; he laid hold of the ribbon with his right hand, and 
               drew
             the watch from his pocket, he took the watch in his left hand, and put it into his jacket pocket. He withdrew from the mob, and turned into the next street; I kept my eye upon him from first to last; I think he took notice of my watching him; he returned back into the mob, and there I lost him. Mason missed his watch, and gave the alarm of being robbed; I said nothing to him. He made an attempt at my jacket pocket first, that induced me to watch him.


                  ANTHONY 
                  CAROLINE
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 12th of April, I could not find him before, nothing was found upon him. Kennedy was with me, he knows no more.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
