





798. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FEAR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, a carpet, value 2 l. and a rug, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Figan
                  




               
            , spinster.


                  SARAH 
                  FIGAN
               



            . I am a single woman
 I live at 21, Lower Chapman-street, Cannon-street-road


. I lost six duplicates; they were taken out of a drawer in my parlour. When I looked over my duplicates I missed six of them. I cannot say when I missed them I afterwards saw my carpet for sale at a broker's shop in Mile-end-road, in April, I believe.
Q. All you know you lost your duplicates of a carpet and a rug - A. Yes, that I had pawned with Mr. Williamson, in Back-lane.
Q Had this man access to your room - A. I don't know. I was sometimes out. I had always the key of my room. The prisoner was the landlord of the house where I rented two rooms.


                  THOMAS 
                  MACE
               



            . I am a broker, 253, Whitechapel-road. On the 22nd of April I was out, and when I came home my wife told me that she had bought acarpet, and the man would come again that evening or the next morning, with a rug to sell. I bought the rug of the prisoner. I am sure he is the man. He asked me ten shillings; I gave him eight shillings for it. He said his name was 
               
                  George 
                  Long
               



            ; he lived at No. 20, Cannon-street. I am sure he is the man. He said he had sold the carpet to my wife too cheap. I told him, no, it was three shillings and sixpence a yard, which was the full value to sell again.


                  MARTHA 
                  MACE
               



            . The prisoner is the person that I bought the carpet of on the 22nd of April. I saw him again in the evening. I told my husband he was the man that I had bought the carpet of, in the prisoner's hearing. When he came in with the carpet he asked me two pounds five shillings for it. I bid him one pound fifteen shillings; he took it. It was between three and four o'clock when he sold me the carpet.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutrix applied to the magistrate at Shadwell office. She said that she had lost a carpet and a hearth rug; that she saw it a broker's in Whitechapel-road. I apprehended the prisoner at his house. I brought away this carpet and this rug from the broker's.
Mace. That is the carpet and rug we bought of the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. That is my carpet and rug. The prisoner went by the name of Fear. I rented two rooms of him at sixteen pounds a year.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at work at the time.
Williams. I found two picklock keys in this man's house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
