







829. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , one handkerchief, value 3s.; one waistcoat, value 3s., one 2l. and one 1l. bank note, his property
            .
JAMES TAYLOR. I am a sailor
. On the 30th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoner, Robinson, in Drury-lane


, and went home with her. In the morning I missed my money and handkerchief out of my jacket pocket - She was gone also. I had been drinking the evening before, but knew what I was about.


                  JAMES 
                  M'CARTHY
               



            . I am watchman at the corner of Bull and Gate-yard. I heard the prisoner, Johnson, demanding a 1l. note of Clarke, in Holborn. I turned them away; they went along Holborn, and I followed them. Johnson collared Clarke, and said she would have her share of it. I took them to the watch-house, with assistance. I held the man, and another watchman took the woman. I searched Clarke, and found a handkerchief and a waistcoat concealed behind his back, and a 1l. note in his hand - We had great difficulty in getting it from him.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was with the watchman at half-past three o'clock in the morning, when the prisoners were together. The handkerchief and waistcoat were found between Clarke's own jacket and shirt, and the note in his hand. He said he bought the waistcoat in Rosemary-lane.


                  MORRIS 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in taking the prisoners to the watch-house. We took Robinson in the room-Clarke belonged to that room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARKE'S Defence. I found the things under a doorway.
CLARKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSON-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
