






668. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOLDEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February

, eight bushels of wheat, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Rutter
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving five bushels of the said wheat, value 3l., well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RUTTER
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Sudbury



. On the 25th of February my servants had been thrashing wheat - They left work at five o'clock, and left about ten bushels in the barn uncleaned. Next morning I missed it all, and traced it by the chaff, through a hedge, into Mr. Trotter's field.
JOHN IVES. I am Mr. Rutter's servant. On the 25th of February I left the barn safe at five o'clock. I traced the wheat, by the chaff, over into Mr. Trotter's field, to a dunghill, and there found a sack of wheat buried in the dung. I left it there, and watched with Arslett, to see who would come for it. About half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner, Holden, come to the dunghill, and take the sack out - I came up and took him with it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ARSLETT
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoner. I saw him take the wheat out of the dunghill - I knew him before, and told him I was sorry for him. I examined the wheat-it appeared very much like Rutter'she said he took it from Rutter.


                  THOMAS 
                  ASKET
               



            . I am a constable. I had a warrant to search Holden's house, and found about a bushel and a half of wheat concealed under some straw. It is not so clean as wheat is for the market, but rather cleaner than that in the sack.


                  EDWARD 
                  RUTTER
               



            . I and North went to the prisoner, Carter's house with a search-warrant. As we returned we met Carter in his cart-it was about one o'clock on the day after the robbery. I had talked to his son at his house. His son ran up to him and talked with him - He immediately jumped out of his cart and ran away. I found him hid in a hedge-his son took the horse and cart-there was nearly a sack of flour in it. We asked him where he got it? he said from Kingston. We went there with him.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. He lives two miles and a half from us.


                  ALLEN 
                  ANSCOMB
               



            . I am a miller, and live at Hampton. Between eight and nine o'clock on the day Carter was taken, he brought about eight bushels of wheat to me to be ground-it was not in so clean a state as it would be if taken to market. He said he was going to Moulsey, and would call for it as he returned. He fetched it in a sack between eleven and twelve o'clock - He took it in his cart.
Cross-examined. There was chaff among it-there was a little left in the mill.
Q. Would not what is left in the hopper be more unclean than the rest - A. It might.


                  JAMES 
                  SAUNDERSON
               



            . I know the magistrate's handwriting (looking at the prisoner's examinations)-this has his signature-(reads)-" 
               
                  Richard 
                  Carter
               



            , on being asked what he had to say for himself, said he bought the flour, near the market-place, at Kingston, for 4l.


                  DANIEL 
                  NORTH
               



            . In consequence of what Carter said, I took him to Kingston. He could not find the person he bought it of. I took him there on a market-day.



                  EDWARD 
                  RUTTER
               



            . The samples found at the miller's, in the dunghill, and that found at Holden's house, are the same sort of wheat. Holden lives two miles from me, and Carter about the same distance. They live about three miles and a half from each other.
HOLDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
