





21. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TIFFIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, one watch, value 28 l.; two seals, value 9 l.; one key, value 6 s.; one ring, value 10 s. 6 d.; one ribbon, value 1 d.; one pocket-book, value 2 s.; one bill of exchange for payment of and value 26 l., and five 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis Lane Pittman 
                           Mortimer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  LEWIS 
                  LANE PITTMAN MORTIMER
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Bush-lane. On the 20th of November, about eleven o'clock at night, I was in Cornhill


, I had been to Messrs. Willis and Co.'s, my bankers, to offer my assistance, as there was a fire near their premises; I was standing on the curb, near one of the engines, about eight persons pressed me very much; I suspected them, and kept my hand to my watch and pocket-book; they drove me into the middle of the footpath with great violence, and nearly lifted me off my feet; I took my hands from my pockets to push them back, my pocket-book was in my left-hand breeches pocket, at that moment I felt a tug at my watch, and saw the prisoner's hand leave my fob; I collared him, and charged him with the robbery, I immediately received several severe blows in my face, which were repeated several times; finding they did not make me let go, one of them seized my wrist with his teeth, grasped my thumb, and bent that back, repeating the blows in my face - I called for assistance, and soon after two officers came and took him to the watch-house - he was searched, but nothing found on him. I lost my watch and seals, and my pocket-book, which contained five 1 l. notes, and a bill for 26 l. I have never seen any of the property since.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. There was not any crowd where I stood.


                  THOMAS 
                  LENO
               



            . On the 9th of November I paid a draft drawn by Shanks - four of the notes are the same I paid for it. I am clerk to Messrs. Smith and Co.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
