






295. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GOLDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December

, one time-piece, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sears
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  PENELOPE 
                  SEARS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Sears
               



            , and live in Ashby-street, St. Pancras



. I sell childrens' toys. On the 9th of December, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I missed the time-piece off the mantle-piece on the ground floor - I was absent in the next room for about five minutes, then missed it. I found it at Hatton-garden Office about twelve o'clock; the prisoners were in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  GOODHALL
               



            . I am a boot-maker, and live at Pentonville. On the 9th of December, about a quarter before eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner, Stevens, standing in Collier-street, where I live - it is a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; soon after I saw Golding come up, and give him the time-piece. I knew Stevens before. I got Cam, he went with me, and took them. I laid hold of Golding, and said I wanted the time-piece which he gave to Stevens; he said he knew nothing about it. I gave him to Cam, went after Stevens, and took him getting over a bank into a field, near White Conduit House, with the time-piece. He threw it down as he got over. I secured him, and picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAM
               



            . I am a constable. Goodhall pointed the prisoners out to me at the corner of Wellington-street. He gave Golding to me, he ran and followed Stevens, jumped over into the burial-ground, and secured him with the time-piece. I was in sight of him. Goodhall brought Stevens to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GOLDING'S Defence. It was given to me.
GOLDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Confined Six Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
