





679. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SORTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Corby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORBY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
; I live at No. 11, Old Cavendish-street, Cavendish-square. My pocket was picked on the 4th of June, on Westminster-bridge


, near seven o'clock in the evening. I was looking at the rowing-match. There were a great number of people collected. I had perceived my handkerchief sale in my pocket shortly before it was gone. I did not observe it was taken until Cave and Humphreys told me it was gone, and on my turning round the prisoner was in then custody; they shewed me the handkerchief; it was my handkerchief; it is worth two shillings.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 4th of June I was on duty on Westminster-bridge about half past six; I saw the prisoner coming over the bridge. I saw the prosecutor looking through the balustrades; the prisoner came up and stood close behind him. The prisoner was alone. I watched him. As soon as he came up behind the prosecutor he looked into his pocket, and then he put his fore finger into his pocket, and drawed the handkerchief out a little way. He lookedround to the right and left. I then got behind two horses in the road. I saw him take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket. He was making off; I catched hold of him by the collar. Cave came-up and laid hold of him by the other side. Cave took the handkerchief out of his coat. Mr. Corby claimed it as soon as we informed him of it. The prisoner begged for God's sake to let him go. I told him I would not let him go in an hundred years.
- CAVE. I saw the prisoner go close to the gentleman; he looked backwards and forwards; soon after he turned out of the mob; Humphreys catched hold of him. I came up, and took the handkerchief from him. This is the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. It is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I acknowledge myself guilty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
