





1090. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Williams
                     




                  , one pocket-book, value 6d.; one 10l., and four 1l. bank notes
            , his property.
THOMAS WILLIAMS. I am a distiller
, and live at Wandsworth. On the 29th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming down Fleet-street, near Bridge-street


, and felt a twitch at my pocket, I put my hand down and missed my pocket-book - I turned round, and observed three persons whom I had noticed following me, going in a contrary direction; I was going to speak to them, but Mrs. Newburn pointed to the prisoner, who was running across the street, I pursued, but he was stopped before I overtook him; a person picked my pocket-book up, and gave it to me; it contained one 10l. and four 1l. bank notes. I had not noticed the prisoner before.
HENRIETTA NEWBURN. I live in Brides-passage; my husband is a tailor. I was going towards Temple-bar, and saw a tall man, in a green coat, behind the prosecutor, and another man behind him - I saw the tall man hand the pocket-book to the short man, who went across Fleet-street - I watched him-the prosecutor turned round, I pointed the short man out to him, and went on.
WILLIAM DEVEY. I am a brass-founder, and live in Shoe-lane. I heard a noise, went to the door, and saw the prisoner, and a tall man, in a green coat, running by; I heard the cry of Stop thief! pursued the prisoner, and caught him by his arms - He made an effort to get rid of something, at that moment a man jumped out of a cart, picked up the pocket-book, and called out, "Here it is!" Mr. Williams claimed it; the tall man was stopped, but got away. We took the prisoner to my house - He asked me to intercede with Mr. Williams, saying, he had a wife and two children. Mrs. Newburn came in, and said she pointed out the man. He said it was a hard thing to have his life sworn away.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. My shop is eight doors out of Fleet-street.
WILLIAM HOLLAND. I am a grocer, and live in Shoelane. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner and a tall man, in a green coat, running down the lane, the mob were following them; Mr. Devey stopped the prisoner, the other man was stopped, but got away. I saw the prisoner throw the pocket-book from his hand, it fell against a cart wheel; a man jumped out of the cart, picked it up, and gave it to the prosecutor.
THOMAS BIGNAL. I was in a cart in Shoe-lane, heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner put his handto his pocket, and throw the back away; I jumped down, picked it up, and gave it the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I asked Mr. Devey to intercede on account of the disgrace; I was walking down Shoelane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
