






529. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRIANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, three squares of glass, value 1 l. and a box-coat, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hutton
                  




               
            .
EDWARD CARTER. I am a coachman to Mr. Hutton; he lives at Newington-green. On the 28th of May, about six in the morning, I found the coach-house doors broken open; we lost three glasses from the coach, and my box-coat.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUTCHINS
               



            . I am a constable. On last Friday morning about half past eleven, I was coming down Golden-lane, in company with Lock; I saw the two prisoners. Jenkins had three glasses under his arm, and the other prisoner the box-court. I asked them whose they were; Jenkins said they were his, he dealt in such kind of things. I took them into the Crown public-house, and handcuffed them together, and took them before the magistrate; and while I was giving my evidence before the magistrate, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Carter
               



             came in, and said Mr. Hutton's coach-house had been robbed that morning. This is the great coat and the three coach glasses.
Lock. I was present with Hutchins; I know no further than I took the coat off Briant.
Carter. That is the great coat; the glasses are out of the frames, I cannot speak to glass out of the frame the frames were left in the coach.

Jenkin's Defence. I did not tell the officer that I dealt in them things.
Briant's Defence. I am innocent of the robbery.
JENKINS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
BRIANT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
