






234. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     FITZMAURICE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FINLAY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, one drake, value 3s. two ducks, value 6s. and three fowls, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lynd
                  




               
            .
JAMES LYND. I am a mariner
; I live near the Commercial Road; I lost my fowls on the 4th of January.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . Fitzmaurice called on me about eleven o'clock that morning; I am a green grocer and dealer in fowls; much of my business is among shipping. He followed me from my house to the Docks, and asked me if I would buy some fowls and ducks; I said you don't deal in them, you are a tradesman; no said he, but a countryman at my house brought them from the country, and has them to dispose of. I said if they were good and fresh, I would give him two shillings a piece for them all round. Fitzmaurice I have known some years as a painter and glazier; he keeps a house. He went home to find the fowls, and in the afternoon he called two or three times for the money I had agreed to give for them; I paid him all the money I agreed for, except one shilling; the countryman was standing by at the same time, and said nothing; it was eleven shillings out of twelve. I did not see Fitzmaurice give the countryman any money. I went with them to a public house, and had a pot of beer; I never saw Finlay before. I bought the fowls on Thursday, Next morning when they were to be fed, I put them in a basket at my door to be sold, and this gentleman's friend coming by saw them there.
EBENEZER DALTON. On the 6th of January, the prosecutor came to the police office for a search warrant. The magistrate told him it was not necessary, as the things were exposed to sale. I went down with him, and saw the fowls in King's shop, and he said he bought them of a man named Fitzmaurice, and I desired King to bring him to me, to East Smithfield; he did, and took him to the office. Fitzmaurice said he bought them of this man, who said he bought them of a waggoner.
(Fowls produced.)


                  James 
                  Lynd
               



            . These are my fowls; they were stolen from my back premisses on the 4th of January at night, but gone before seven in the morning. The parties who took them, had got over my back wall by a ladder. I could not trace any footsteps; I am quite exposed to the fields.
Fitzmanrice's Defence. This man the other prisoner, came to me in the morning, and asked me if I would buy some fowls; I said I did not deal in them, and had no money, but that I knew a person named King who dealt in the like, and I took this man with me to King. I am an industrious tradesman, and served my time in London, where I have worked this thirty years.
Finlay's Defence. I bought the fowls of a waggoner, and paid nine shillings for them; he is not here.
The prisoner Fitzmaurice called one witness, who gave him a good character.
FITZMAURICE, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
FINLAY, 

               GUILTY
            






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
