





20. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of November
, 3 lb. weight of mustard, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live in the parish of St. Luke's, Chelsea


, I keep a chandler's shop
. The prisoner came into my shop to buy some bread and cheese; he did not take any thing the first time. He came into the shop a second time to buy a twopenny loaf. I did not see him take the mustard at all.
Q. Where was the mustard - A. It stood on the end of my counter where the tradesman laid it down that brought it in, and in two hours afterwards a person brought the mustard to me.
Q. Did you see the mustard directly after he was gone - A. No, I did not. A person sent to me to ask if I had lost any mustard; if I had I was to come up to Mr. Salmon's public-house. I went there, I saw the prisoner sitting in the parlour in custody; the officer took the mustard out of the bundle and shewed it me. I knew my own name and the hand-writing that was on it. This is the mustard, it was in this paper in my shop, and my name on it as it is now. I am sure it was on my counter when he was there, and I knew it the moment I saw it. I saw it on my counter at twelve o'clock when the prisoner first came there, and after he was gone; it was not a quarter of an hour before he came in again and asked for another twopenny loaf; this paper of mustard cost me five shillings.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BUTTERWORTH
               



            . I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner on a charge for another offence. I found the property on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a poor man, I was out of work at the time, and my wife had hardly lain in a month, I had the doctor to pay, I was short of money.
GUILTY, aged 30,




               Of stealing, to the value of 4 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
