





47. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GUYETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, one handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , the younger
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , the elder

.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . On the 9th of November I was standing at the corner of Earl-street


 with two females - a man tapped me on the shoulder, and said the prisoner had taken a handkerchief from my pocket. The man instantly laid hold of him, and I saw the handkerchief drop from between his legs.


                  JAMES 
                  BLANDFORD
               



            . I was standing at the corner of Earl-street about three o'clock, as the Lord Mayor's procession was landing. I observed the prisoner, with three or four more lads, looking at different peoples' pockets, but saw him take nothing. He then went towards Mr. White, who was standing with two females. I saw two lads, one at each of his pockets. I saw the prisoner draw his hand from the prosecutor's pocket, and attempt to put the handkerchief into his coat-pocket - I immediately collared him, and informed Mr. White. He looked round - I saw the handkerchief on the ground, and picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS
               



            . I was at the corner of Earl-street, and saw the prisoner, with four or five more, attempt several pockets. I saw him take a handkerchief out of Mr. White's pocket and put it into his own - the last witness secured him, and he dropped it; he also dropped another handkerchief, which I picked up. I secured him, and found five more on him.
Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
