





853. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of August
, thirty seven books, value 5 l. ten prints, value 20 s. a proof of the arms of Sir 
                     
                        Godfrey 
                        Webster
                     



                   upon leather value 1 s. the property of Sir


                           Godfrey 
                           Webster
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
ANY LAVER. I was servant to Sir 
               
                  Godfrey 
                  Webster
               



            . The prisoner at the bar used to visit me, when the family was out of town, and I was the only person left in charge of it; I have left him in the house by himself more than once,


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HANCE
               



            . The prisoner at the bar pawned these thirteen books at my master's shop.
(producing them.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 25th of August last. He then said his name was Bell; he would not tell me where he lived. At last I found out his lodgings, at 32, Buckingham place, Fitzroy square, and in them found a key to Sir Godfrey's hall door. I found also twenty five books, six towels, marked G. W. add two duplicates for thirteen books, and Sir Godfrey's arms and crest, in a pocket book,
Prisoner's Defence. I took these books for the purpose of reading, and intended to have returnedthem. Those towels are mine, and the initials are those of a relation, who gave them to me.




               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
Of stealing, to the amount of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Simon 
                  Le Blanc
               



            .
