





806. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOWNSHEND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of September
, apurse, value 6 d. and 17 s. 6 d.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Flannaghan
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same as the first, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Michael 
                  M'Lockey
               




            .


                  LUKE 
                  FLANNAGAN
               



            . I am a soldier in the 67th regiment 
. I lost my purse on Saturday morning, between four and five in the morning; it was laying on the chair by the side of M'Lockey. The prisoner came into our room between four and five in the morning; he took my purse, and shook the silver out into his hand. The prisoner lodged in the same house. I am sure he is the same man. I have known him three weeks back.

Q. 
            You lost seventeen shillings and sixpence - A. Yes.
MICHAEL M'LOCKEY. On the 10th of September, between four and five o'clock in the morning, the prisoner bursted our door open; he came into in the 67th regiment the room, and came to the chair where my silver laid; he took the purse; he shook the silver into his hand; he threw the purse on the chair, and run down stairs. I followed him into the yard, and asked him for the money; he said, whatever money there was, it was in the purse. I am sure he is the man. I had the care of the money.


                  RACHEL 
                  HUSSEY
               



            . I was in the room at the time; I saw the prisoner come into the room between four and five in the morning; he took the trowsers off the chair, took the purse out, shook the silver out, and threw the purse on the chair.
WILLIAM MONDAY. I apprehended the prisoner. I searched him, and found nothing but base coin about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into their room. I had been drinking. I sat upon a chair until between seven and eight in the morning; I never went out of the room. This girl slept in the same bed between the two soldiers. I went into the Ship public-house; these people came and swore I robbed them; I never stirred out of the public-house until they searched me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
