





776. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  GORDON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
, a sheet, value 10 s. three handkerchiefs, value 7 s. two napkins, value 4 s. a shift, value 4 s. a pair of trowsers, value 1 s. a napkin, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. three shirts, value, 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Keely
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, the property of different persons.


                  CATHERINE 
                  KEALY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Kealy
               



            . I live in Hart-street, Bethnal-green.
Q. You had the things contained in the indictment to wash for Mrs. Buxton - A. Yes. I hired the prisoner as a washerwoman
 to assist me. On looking over my things, I missed a shift, and a napkin, and several other things. On the 28th of July, I went to Armstrong and gave him information; he went out and brought the prisoner into his room; I was with him; he searched her and found a handkerchief on her, the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Buxton
               



            ; he gave it her on Saturday to give to me when she took home the clean linen, and the servant gave her seven shirts; these things were all entrusted me to wash; they were taken from me and found at the pawnbrokers.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live at No. 1, Old-street. I produce three shirts, a shift, five handkerchiefs, and three napkins; the prisoner pawned them on different days in her own name.
Prosecutrix. They were all left in my care to wash.
Prisoner's Defence. If I have done any thing, it was through necessity.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
