






838. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, one fixture (i.e.) one copper, value 1l., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Orr
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ORR
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live at Islington. On the 8th of April I lost the copper from a house of mine in Cross-street, Islington


. I ordered my servant to open the house in the daytime, to air it-in the evening he did not come to shut it up, as usual - I went to do it myself. When I came to the door, I found it bolted inside. I got my gardener to go through the adjoining house, and get in the back way. He opened the front door, and let me and the watchman in. I found the copper unfixed, and taken into one of the parlours, and the lead pipe, which branches from the cistern, wrenched from the wall, but not taken away. I found the prisoner behind one of the bedroom doors, and gave him in charge - I knew nothing of him. Next morning I found a skeleton key, a screw-driver, and a file in the house.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I found a knife on him. I asked him how he could go into the house, and take the copper? he said some ladies had been to see the house; as they went along the street he heard them say there were some very good fixtures, which induced him to go-that he had been four nights trying to get in, and that distress had driven him to it.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a gardener. I got in at the back of the house, let in the prosecutor, and found the copper moved into the parlour, and the prisoner behind the two pair of stairs room-door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
