






1221. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PICTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 10 live tame fowls, price 26s.; four live tame chickens, price 6s.; 11 live tame ducks, value 22s., and one clothes-line, value 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Richard James 
                  Blackford
               




            .
RICHARD JAMES BLACKFORD. I live in Wick-lane, Hackney


. On the 26th of June, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I locked up all my poultry in the stable, About twelve o'clock I heard a noise, but did not get up. Between seven and eight o'clock the next morning, I found the stable-door broken open, and missed the poultry stated in the indictment. About nine o'clock I found it all at the watch-house-it had been killed. I knew it to be mine.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLACKFORD
               



            . I was at my brother's, and saw him lock up the poultry-next morning it was gone.


                  ALLEN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I was constable of the night at Stepney. On the 26th of June, about three o'clock in the morning, the prisoners crossed the road, about a mile from the prosecutor's house. One had a bag, with part of the poultry in it, and the other had the remainder in his hands, tied together, and all killed. When they saw me they threw it down. and ran through a hedge into a wheat-field. I pursued, and took Parker in the middle of the field. I found Picton about one o'clock on Monday morning, at Bethnal-green. I am certain he is the man - I knew him before.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I was with Adams, and pursued Parker. I am certain Picton is the man who was with him, I knew him before.
PICTON'S Defence. I was in bed at the time.


                  CATHARINE 
                  BELLAMY
               



            . I live in Russell-street, Dogrow; Picton lodged with me. He was taken up on Sunday night. He was at home before ten o'clock on Friday night, went to bed, and got up at half-past five the next morning. I keep the key in the street - door.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
PICTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
