





782. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SIMMONS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, two brick hammers, value 4s. and two trowels, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Grimsdall
                        



                     
                  ; two squares, value 3s. one chisel, value 4d. one hammer, value 9d. and one trowel, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Cox
                     



                  ; one crow-bar, value 2s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Pool
                        



                     
                  ; one bevil, value 1s. one square, value 1s. two iron pins and limes, value 6d. two trowels value 1s. 6d. one bag, value 6d. two saws, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Gears
                     



                  ; six steel masons tools, value 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Phillips
                        



                     
                  , and two bags, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Papworth
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM GRIMSDALL. I am a bricklayer
. I was employed with other men on a job at the greenhouse, in Kensington Gardens


; we used to leave our tools there of a night. In consequence of missing them, we determined to watch. On the night of the 27th of June, I watched in company with James Cox; we were in a lane near the green-house; presently the prisoner passed me, and I knew it was he. He then went directly to the door which was fast. He then got rather out of my sight, but got through a semicircle which was over the green-house door. We then heard the ratling of tools, and the tools in question were then thrown out; we picked the tools up, and when the prisoner came out, we seized him.
JAMES COX. I was posted in this place on the night in question, and saw what the last witness has described.
STEPHEN TANNER. I am a patrole of Bow-street. I was in the inside of the wall on the night in question. The prisoner and another person came up on the outside of the wall, and were disputing which should get over, and at last the prisoner got over. They delivered the prisoner into my charge afterwards.
(Property produced, and sworn to by the several owners named in the indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was locked out of my lodgings, and I went to this place to sleep.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
