






500. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRIOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, one silk handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Isaacs
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Castle-street, City-road. On the 9th of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going up the City-road


, I had my handkerchief safe; a boy came up and told me I had lost it - I then missed it. I went up to the prisoners and charged them with taking it; there was three of them in company, they denied it, and walked away together; I ran after them, they then ran; I called out stop theif;I overtook them, and saw Prior throw the handkerchief down; I picked it up; when they were stopped, Smith struck me, and tried to trip me up.
ELY WOLSTENHOLM. I live in Trafalgar-street, City-road, I received information, and told Isaacs, he had lost his handkerchief; he asked the prisoners for it, they denied having of it, and said, they were willing to be searched; there was another boy with them; Isaacs said he wanted an officer. Prior said he was in a hurry, and if he did not search him, he should go; he went, Isaacs was going to follow him. Smith struck him several times, and tried to trip him up. I pursued, and at the corner of Bunhill-row, I saw Prior throw the handkerchief down; the officer took him, he tried to get away; Smith tried to rescue him; the other man went away.


                  AMBROSE 
                  BLACKFORD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pearson, an upholdsterer, in the Strand; I was in the City-road, and saw the prisoners and another, in company together, round Mr. Isaacs, one of them took the handkerchief out of his pocket, I could not see which. I told Wolstenholm, who informed Isaacs.
THOMAS VANN. I am a constable; I was coming from Bunhill-row-heard the cry of, stop thief, and seized Prior, who was running; he tried to get away. Smith was pointed out as the other - I took him; he also tried to escape.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a watchman; I saw Vann take the prisoners, Smith got away; I secured him; he tried to rescue the other prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PRIOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
