





673. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th August
, fifty six pound weight of cochineal, value 100 l
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Connop
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CONNOP
               



            . I am a dealer in drugs
, I live at No. 14, Chapel-fields, South Lambeth.
Q. Were you in possession of a quantity of cochineal, and where was it deposited - A. At Mr. Thompson's in Clement's-lane; I had bought it of Mr. Thompson, it remained there upon my credit.
Q. About the 16th of August had you sold it to any body - A. To Mr. Bennet, of Plumber's-row, Commercial-road. On the 15th I sold it, and on the 16th I was to deliver it to him. On the 16th about a quarter past nine in the morning, I went down to St. Magnus's church to hire a porter
, when I was going to hire the porter, theprisoner was talking to a man of the name of Bailey. I am certain the prisoner is the man; he went with me to St. Clement's-lane, Mr. Thompson delivered to me fifty-six pounds of cochineal, the value of it is on hundred pounds sixteen shillings. I then went out of Mr. Thompson's with the prisoner, intending to accompany him; I told him to go to Mr. Bennet's, number 12, Plumber's-row, Commercial-road. I wrote a direction on paper with a pencil, as I should not walk close with him, but keep him in sight. I saw him in Fenchurch-street, by Aldgate pump; there I was stopped by some friends; I was talking with them on some business; when I looked round for the porter, I missed him.
Q. How long did you continue with them - A. Not more than a quarter of an hour. I went directly to Plumber's-row, the goods had not been delivered; I went as fast as I could to Saint Magnus's church, to find the man that he was talking to, and what regiment he belonged to; he was in a soldier's dress. In consequence of information I received there, I obtained a warrant, and went to his house, he resided in a back street near Bunhill-row: we found him there, I knew him immediately, although he had changed his dress and was clean shaved and had his hair cut. I asked him whether he did not recollect me, and whether he did not carry a load for me; he denied it. I have never been able to find the cochineal since.


                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . Q. On the 16th of August de you remember the last witness coming to your house and desiring you to deliver the cochineal to a porter - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the prisoner, and say if he is the man - A. I believe he is the man; I cannot swear that he is; I did not take that particular notice,


                  CHARLES 
                  BENNET
               



            . I live at number twelve, Plumber's-row, Commercial-road.
Q. On the 15th of August had you purchased any cochineal of Mr. Connop - A. Yes, it was to be delivered on the 16th; it never came at all.
JOHN SANKEY PUGH. I am a constable. On the night of the 16th of August I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's house, in New-court. Moor-lane, I found the prisoner at home, Mr. Connop charged him with taking the cochineal, he said he knew nothing of it; Mr. Connop said, he was certain he was the man. Bailey was present, he said, he could swear he was the man which the prosecutor hired. I searched the prisoner's pocket, I found a two pound note, I asked him how he came by it, he said, he had it of his serjeant, he belonged to the London Militia. I searched the woman, on her I found six or seven dollars, three or four half-crowns, and some shillings. I asked her how she came by that silver, she hesitated, he said, you bitch, you took it for your work.
Q. Did you find any duplicates on them - A. No; there were some things that lay as if they were just taken out of pledge; he said, he had taken them out with his own money.


                  PHILLIP 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a broker. On the 16th of August I was at the foot of London Bridge about a quarter past nine; I was talking to the prisoner when Mr. Connop hired him.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
