





340. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 16lb of beef, value 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Clerkenwell


. On the 13th of December, in the evening, I was in my cellar; I sent my wife up to look to the door, and she called me; I missed the beef, and went to look for the man; I went to the White Horse, and found several men in the parlour there; I asked the landlord if there was any body in his kitchen, he said, no. I went down to see; they pushed me about as I was going to the door. The prisoner came to the door with the beef in his apron; he said, d-n me, lads, I have been and bought a fine bit of beef for supper. I took hold of him, and said, I have got you beef and all; I took him into custody, and sent for an officer; he shewed a great resistance, and got towards the street - door, there was a large gang of them; he tried to get out of the door; I held him; he got away for a little time; I was surrounded by about twenty men; the prisoner ran away; the officer took him again. I am sure he is the man.
WILLIAM THISSLETON. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at the White Horse, I took him to the office, and shewed him to the prosecutor among ten more men, and he said, the prisoner was the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man in Cow-cross. who saw a man drop the beef; I picked it up, and took it into the public-house to have some beer.


                  RICHARD 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a boot-closer, the prisoner is a book-binder, I live at No. 4, Glovers-hall-court, Whitecross-street, the prisoner lives in Golden-lane; I was going to Clerkenwell, and met the prisoner, he went with me; as we were going along Tash-street, a man was going along and dropped a piece of beef; the prisoner called after the man, but he would not come back, and the prisoner picked it up; he was a tall man with a blue coat on; the prisoner went with me to the public-house; the man seized him with the beef, nobody else was near. I was never in the public-house before. I do not know the landlord; there were several there; I stopped at the bar while the prisoner went in; the man brought him back by the collar, several gathered round; nobody was with me; this is the truth. We called for some beer; the man laid hold of him; I do not know what he said; I was paying for the beer; he went into the tap-room, and I called for the beer.
Q.Why did you not say you saw him pick it up then - A. There were so many round.
Q. Why did you not go to the justice - A. I went to Hatton-garden, but the justice would not hear me; it was some days after he was taken; it was not the next morning after he found the beef.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I never saw any body but the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSLETON
               



            . The robbery was committed on the 13th of December, I did not take the prisoner till 21st. I charged him on my own suspicion. He was not brought up to the office till the 23d. The prisoner was not taken that night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
