





1151. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, one gallon of wine, value 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Seppings
               



            , Esq.
 now Sir


                     Robert 
                     Seppings
                  




               
            , Knt.




                  TIMOTHY 
                  FRANCIS CAN
               



            . In June last I was in the service of Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Seppings
               



            ; the family went out of town on the 3d of June - the prisoner was cook
 in the family when I came. On the 3d of June we were in the house together - none of the other servants were at home; she desired me to get the tea ready in the kitchen, while she went up stairs to dress herself - I did so; after which I went up stairs, and saw her in my master's room on a chair, with a bit of wire, in the act of opening the wardrobe, by pulling the upper bolt down with the wire, and the lower bolt also. I went out of the room; she did not open the door then, as she saw me, and jumped off the chair. I went up into my own room, and in coming down I heard the wardrobe-doors creak on the hinges, I looked in, and saw her in the act of shutting them, she then had a bunch of keys in her hand. I said to her,
"Mary, you have not opened the wardrobe-doors to get the keys, have you?" she said,
"Yes, I have, and that is nothing to you. It is no sin to take things from my mistress, as she has not been the best of mistresses to me" - she went down with the keys in her hand, I followed her. She went into my pantry, where there is a store-cupboard. I went into the kitchen, and in a few minutes I saw her put some things in the kitchen-drawer; she then went into the back-kitchen - in a minute or two I followed her, and saw her at the wine-cellar. She brought four bottles of Port out, opened one bottle, and presented me with a teacup full of it - I refused to drink. She said.
"You may as well drink it, for you are as deep in the mud as I am in the mire." She drank some of it, and took the keys up again. Sometime after that I gave information.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. What religion are you - 
               A. A Roman Catholic
            . I never quarrelled with her about religion, nor did I ever say I should like to see her Protestant blood spilt.
LIEUTENANT 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . I am nephew to Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Seppings
               



            , and had the care of the wine-cellar. I missed a quantity of wine.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny the charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
