





852 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  REYNOLDS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, a pound weight of cantharides, value 1 l. 19 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward Harvey

               
            , 
               
                  Thomas Beckworth

               
            , 
               
                  Robert Baron

               
            , 
               
                  Robert Hernon

               
            , and 
               
                  William Lanckton

               
            .
THOMAS BECKWORTH. I am a druggist




 in Giltspur Street


, my partner's names are Edward Harvey, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Baron
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hernon
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Lanckton
               



            . The prisoner lived porter
 with us about eighteen months, he had access to all our warehouses. From information on the 30th of October we sent for Branscomb and Drinkwater, two officers, and during the time that we were relating to them the information that we had received, the prisoner was leaving our premises at the bottom of the gateway, he was going to dinner.
Q. Can you take upon yourself to say that he had been that day in the warehouse where the cantharides were. - A. I only know from report. When Branscomb was in possession of the information, he immediately stopped the prisoner, he took him to the warehouse and searched him, I saw Branscomb take a paper bag from him containing a pound of cantharides, they were worth thirty-nine shillings.
Q. Was it a species of drug that you had in your warehouse. - A. Yes.
THOMAS BRANSCOMB. I am a constable, I was sent for to Mr. Beckworth's warehouse, the prisoner and two more were going out of the gate, I desired that they might go back into the warehouse, they all went back. I followed the prisoner into one warehouse, and Drinkwater followed another into another warehouse, I told the prisoner I must search him, I took out of the front of his small-clothes this paper bag, I asked him what it was, he said he did not know any thing about it, he did not take it, I took him to the Compter, and after that went and searched his house, we found se-
Q. When you produced this paper bag did Mr. Beckworth claim the property. - A. He did, they were his.
- DRINKWATER. I am a constable, I went to the prisoner's house with Branscomb I found a great many articles, cayene, pepper, cloves, black lead as much as half a bushel.
Prosecutor. These cantharides are a similar article to what we have, I have compared them to the chest, they are similar.
Prisoner's Defence. The cantharides I got from another person, I did not know that they were my master's.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
