





33. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     KEMMING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, fifty yards of ribbon, value 1 l. 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Frazer
                  




               
            , the elder
.


                  JOHN 
                  FRAZER
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Frazer
               



            , who is a haberdasher
, and lives in Sloane-street, Chelsea


. On the 25th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I had been to wait on some customers in the neighbourhood, and on my return I found the prisoner in the shop - she had a ribbon drawer before her, with a quantity of ribbons out. I went round the counter, and spoke to her; she told me there was none in that drawer that she liked. I showed her another, which contained various pieces, and from that drawer she took this piece, with her handkerchief; she then asked to see some plaid ribbons, and from that drawer she took two pieces. During this time she had bought ribbons amounting to 1 l. 16 s. 3 d.; she tendered me 18 d., saying, she would call again. I asked her name? she said it was Clements, and said she had a sister living in the neighbourhood, and she would call as she came back. I said 18 d. was but a small deposit to leave on so large an amount, and would she be sure and call? she said she was going to drink tea with her sister, and wanted some handkerchiefs, and would be sure to call. She was about to leave the shop, I took her by the right arm into the back parlour, in passing from the shop to the parlour, she threw two pieces of ribbon out of her pocket. I then told her to take the remainder out of her pocket; she said she had nothing. On searching her person I found nothing in her pocket, but 12 s. 8 d. in her purse, and another purse, which contained duplicates. I found another piece under the chair on which she sat. I saw her take them all three. I sent for an officer, but he found nothing more. Her husband was outside the window, looking through, I seized him, but found nothing on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
