





128. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. WALFORD.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I deal with Mr. Wilson. On the 3d of August, 1818, I paid the prisoner 5 s. 6 d. for a cask of beer. I produce his receipt which he gave me.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I paid him money almost every Monday.


                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            . I am a brewer
, and live in Bett-street, Ratcliff-highway; the prisoner was my foreman
 from the 27th of December 1816, up to the 1st of May last - he received money for the beer he delivered. He regularly took a book out to make entries of what he delivered, and the money paid to him, which he was to pay to me every night. I refer to his book, and find no entry of the 3d of August - it was not paid to me, if it had it would have been in the book - every thing he paid me was entered there. On the 21st of August last I found it had been paid - he was then out of my employ.

Q. Soon after he left you did you find many accounts paid - A. Yes, I sent different accounts round, and had about fifty people at once come to say they did not owe me a farthing; I went through all my accounts, and had him apprehended. He was protected by a warrant of attorney which I granted; we agreed that he should give an exact account of what he had received, and for the sake of his wife and family I was to forgive him. An account was made out on his behalf by Mr. Bell, an attorney - the amount was 46 l. 5 s.
Q. That warrant of attorney came down to August 1818 - A. Yes, and beyond that, it contained an account of different sums alledged by him to have been received from various customers. It was produced as an account of all he had defrauded me of - this 5 s. 6 d., was not in that account.
Cross-examined. Q. When you took the concern you found the prisoner in the service - A. Yes, I have heard that he had been there twelve or fourteen years - he had been near three years with me. I kept an account of what beer was delivered to him.
Q. You must have known what he owed you - A. No, I considered the money not brought by him as owing by the customers; I received an instalment of 3 l. on the warrant of attorney - I never gave him a character to any one. Several people came about his character, and I told them what he had done.
MR. WALFORD. Q. You did not discover Mr. Harrison's debt till afterwards - A. No, I saw the warrant of attorney produced before the Magistrate, but never had it. Bell would not give it up to me.
Prisoner's Defence. When I left Mr. Wilson he had six weeks to examine his accounts. He had a warrant of attorney for the whole, which cleared every thing up to the 9th of June. He very often made mistakes in summoning people who owed him nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
