





447. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MEEK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of November
, one pound and a half of silk, value 4 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cooke
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cook
                  



               
            , the younger
, and 
               
                  Thomas Pickard 
                  Warren
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership with my uncle, 
               
                  John 
                  Cook
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickard
               



             Warren; we are silk-manufacturers


, and live in Crown-court, Cheapside. The prisoner had been four years in our service, at a salary of 2 l. a-week, with other advantages.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWBON
               



            . I am a weaver in the employ of Cook and Co. In December last I went to the warehouse for work, the prisoner gave me about a pound and a half of puce silk to get warped, and make into velvet; he told me if I could get it done that day in time, to bring it to the warehouse, if not, to bring it to his house. I could not get it done; I took part of it to his house. I went to Mile End that evening, it was weighed to me; I took it away again. On Monday I took the rest to him at the warehouse - he weighed it, and I took it back, he told me to make it into velvet - this was about five weeks before Christmas. He came, and told me to bring it to his house when it was finished, if I could not get it done before Christmas, as he did not wish it to be entered to the year's account. He said he did not wish Mr. Warren or Mr. Cook to see it. I took it to his house after Christmas - he was not at home - he paid me for it at the warehouse. I took the bobbins to the warehouse. My wife afterwards told this to a man named Gredus.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



             re-examined. Mr. Warren told the prisonerabout five weeks before Christmas, not to have any more velvet made. On the 12th of February Gredus gave me information, I sent for the prisoner, and charged him with having made away with this piece of goods; he hung down his head, and said nothing for sometime; I said he had better tell all about it, for there was the man who had made it. He then said he had made away with it, that it was his first offence, that he would ask our pardon, and pay double the price for it, if we would forgive him; I said I could hear nothing of the kind. He said he had sold it in Petticoat-lane, and he thought he could take us to the house - he afterwards said he could not. I sent for a constable - he went down stairs twice to make his escape - I went after him, called out Stop thief! and he was stopped in Bow Church-yard. When he delivered out silk, he ought to enter it in a book, and what was made of it when it returned - there was no entry whatever of it.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. He was your foreman - A. Yes. He ought not to give silk out, without being ordered.


                  THOMAS 
                  PICKARD
               



             WARREN. I am one of the firm. About the middle of November, Newbon finished a quantity of velvet; I then observed to the prisoner that we should have no occasion for any more. I saw some ends of silk, which Newbon produced - they exactly corresponded with the silk. I examined the account, and found a deficiency of 1 1/2 lbs of puce silk. There is no entry of money paid to Newbon for the silk.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove who I received the silk of.


                  JONATHAN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a silver plater, and live in Waterloo-street, St. Luke's. I was a silk manufacturer. About the middle of November I delivered the prisoner one pound six ounces of puce silk to warp, and about one pound two ounces undyed, to make into a piece of puce velvet. He returned it to me, manufactured, about the beginning of January. I am certain nobody can swear to the shade of silk after it is manufactured. I have brought a sample of what I gave him - I think it agrees with the ends of the silk produced.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you leave off being a silk manufacturer - A. About two years ago. I have had this silk ever since - I then lived at Macclesfield. I became acquainted with the prisoner at the Dog, public-house, in Widegate-alley. I gave him the silk at a public-house in Old Bethlem.
Q. When did the prisoner send for you - A. Last Monday - a friend of his lit on me at the Dog. I exchanged the velvet for some silver with a stranger. I wanted to sell the silver - I said I had a piece of velvet, and would swap with him. There were twenty-eight yards of velvet I got it at the rate of 15 s. 6 d. each yard. I do not know the quantity of plate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
