






224. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, twenty-six yards of linen, value 7 l. two yards of cambric, value 1 l. a shawl, value 10 s. six yards of muslin, value 24 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bright
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . I am a linen-draper
 at Brentford


. The prisoner was my shopman
.
Q. How long had you been in business - A. On the 17th or 18th of December I commenced business at Brentford. On the 12th of January, Mr. Thwaites's son produced a shawl to me; on Monday week. Mr. Thwaites's son was with me the first fortnight; he marked the goods. I then took down the linens from the shelf and examined my stock-book, and found one piece of linen missing. I found the shelf filled up with this piece of cotton; the shelf had the appearance of the same number, but when I examined it, I found cotton instead of linen; that was on the Wednesday. I came to Bow-street, there I saw the linen. The prisoner was in custody. A piece of cambric and a shawl was likewise produced.
Q. At the time that you received your business from Mr. Steele, did you examine the stock-book, and see that it all corresponded - A. Yes; I saw that the stock and the book corresponded. These linens were called over, and they filled up the shelf compleatly; and this piece of cotton came in the house a fortnight afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  THWAITES
               



            , Jun. Q. I believe you are the son of a linen-draper, in Holborn - A. I am. In consequence of suspicion, I obtained of Mrs. Green, the prisoner's washer-woman, a shawl; she lived in Brick-street, Piccadilly. I asked her, if she had any shirts or handkerchiefs; she produced a length of linen from a Mrs. Geary, and cambric; there is my own mark to that shawl which I had put on it at Mr. Bright's. I marked most of the goods for him. When Mrs. Green produced this length of linen, she said, there was more at Mrs. Geary's. I afterwards went with Mrs. Green to Mrs. Geary, in a court in Brick-street; I found three squares of French cambric. On Monday, I took a piece with me to Mr. Bright, at Brentford; he claimed the cambric. On the Tuesday afternoon I went with Perkes, the officer, and took the prisoner into custody. We afterwards went to Mrs. Geary's, and brought away a piece of linen with the maker's mark upon it, and the cambric also.


                  DOROTHY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live in Brick-street, Piccadilly. I am a washer-woman. I produce a shawl and a length of linen; I got them of the prisoner. The linen was brought by a carrier, I believe; but the shawl he brought himself. I saw the prisoner on the Sunday after; the prisoner said, they were to make him some shirts. I recommended Mrs. Geary to make the shirts for him.


                  ANN 
                  GEARY
               



            . I am a seamstress. I received the linen at Mrs. Green's house to make some shirts for the prisoner.
Q. Who gave you that linen - A. Mrs. Green's daughter gave me the linen out of the drawer; the prisoner was present in the room; the prisoner said, the linen was to be made into seven shirts. That linen was afterwards taken away by young Mr. Thwaites: there was some cambric and handkerchiefs brought at the same time.
Prisoner's Defence. That handkerchief and shawl that is there, I took out of Mr. Bright's shop this day week; I wrapped it up in paper when Mr. Bright was at the opposite counter; I put a seven-shilling piece and three shillings into the till. Previous to my going to Mr. Bright's, I was at my brother's in the country; and this Irish I bought of my brother.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 21,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
