





5. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  WILLY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Raggett
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of one, on the afternoon of the 11th of November
, Ann, the wife of 
                     
                        George 
                        Raggett
                     



                   being therein, and stealing a great coat, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Raggett
                        



                     
                  , jun.





                  GEORGE 
                  RAGGETT
               



            , JUN. I live at the Union club-house, St. James's square


, it is my father's house. On Sunday the 11th of November, at twelve o'clock, I was coming home from Church, I saw 
               
                  Samuel 
                  M'Ewen
               



             at the top of the area steps of my father's house, he had hold of the prisoner by the collar, the prisoner had dropped the coat on the area-steps.
Q. Where was the great coat taken from - A. The housekeeper's room, in the under office.


                  SAMUEL 
                  M'EWEN
               



            . On Sunday the 11th of November I came down stairs, and going to the housekeeper's room I saw the prisoner come out of the housekeeper's room, with an umbrella, and a great coat in his hand, I asked him three times what he wanted, and finding he wanted to make out as quick as possible; I pursued him; at the bottom of the area steps he dropped a coat and umbrella, he ran too fast for me; in Pall Mall I holloaed out stop thief, he was stopped by a gentleman's servant; I immediately collared him; and brought him back to the top of the area steps, and then the umbrella and great coat were there, which he had dropped; I begged of a person to bring the umbrella and great coat up to me, which I took to the watchhouse with the prisoner, I gave charge of him; I told him I was sorry a young man like him, so able to work to come to thieving, he answered, pray forgive me.
Q. Do you know how he got into the house - A. He came down the area steps and opened the passage door, which always falls to with a spring after every person to keep the cold out.
Q. Might not the door be open - A. It shuts with a latch, I always found it shut.
Q. Do you know that the latch was fast - A. I cannot speak to that; I know the door always falls to.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by at the same time, I ran the same as other people.
GUILTY, aged 20, 


               of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
