





804. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JEFFERYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, three bottles, value 1 l. 10 s. four snuff boxes, value 1 l. 7 s. four silver boxes, value 2 l. four purses, value 10 s. five tooth-picks, value 5 s. a tongue scraper, value 2 s. two work boxes, value 1 l. 10 s. three pair of buckles, value 9 s. nine brushes, value 1 l. 8 s. thirteen thimbles, value 13 s. three knives, value 15 s. a pair of salts, value 2 s. 6 d. and two pencil cases, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lambe
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LAMBE
               



            . I live at 29, Cockspur-street, in the parish of St. Martin's


; I am a pocket book silversmith
.
Q. Is your shop part of your house - A. Yes, it is part of my dwelling house. I have no partners; the prisoner was my porter and shopman
. On Monday evening, the 8th of October, from suspicion, I went for a constable and returned with him; I told the prisoner to go into my back shop, the constable followed him. I told the constable I suspected he had robbed me; the constable shewed his authority; the prisoner then put his hands into his pocket and pulled out a wicker bottle with a silver cap, a hair brush, two wooden snuff boxes, a small silver box, two pieces of soap, and two silk purses, the other articles were found at his lodgings. The prisoner asked me if I would grant him one favour, to permit him to go to Westminster-bridge and throw himself over, he wished to drown himself; I told him I could not comply with that request; we took him to the watchhouse. The constable has the property found upon his person, and Bly, the officer, the things found at his lodgings.


                  EDWARD 
                  BROOKER
               



            . On the evening of the 8th of October, I went with Mr. Lambe into his back shop; the prisoner was called into the room; I pulled my staff out, told the prisoner I was an officer; he then pulled all the articles out of his pocket; he said, he was guilty, and what he produced was his master's; he took out all except this snuff box, which I took out.
COURT. The things that you are now to look at are the things found upon the person - A. These are my property, and there is no one article at forty shillings.

The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 26,




               of stealing, to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
