





370. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of February
, a decanter, value 3 s. a water-ewer, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burnell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Palmer
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BURNELL
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer
               



            . On the 19th of February, I received information that four of our servants out of five were robbing of us. I applied to Mr. Hawkins, one of the marshalmen to come and watch.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalman. On the 22nd of February, about half past five in the evening, I was watching along with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Matthews
               



            . I sent Matthews to the side door. I watched at the front. I saw the prisoner come from the front of the house, and the officer after him. The prisoner ran very fast, and looked behind him, and when he saw me he ran a deal faster. I pursued him, and stopped him. I observed something under his coat. I asked him what he had got. He answered, nothing. I told him, I could see something under his coat, and I would feel. I took the decanter from him. I then took him to Mr. Burnell. He begged of the prosecutor to let him go. I took him into custody. We then went to his house, where he lodged, in Labour-in-vain-hill, and we found this water-ewer, and six china cups, and eight saucers. The prisoner was in the Compter when I searched his lodgings. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Matthews
               



             saw me take the decanter from him.
Prosecutor. I have every reason to believe this decanter is ours. We have decanters similar to this in our warehouse, and I also believe all the things are ours. As soon as I saw the prisoner he begged for mercy.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I was watching the side door. I saw the prisoner come out of the house. I saw Hawkins take the decauter from him.
Prisoner. We were hard at work. I took the decanter to fetch a drop of gin.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
