







419. 
               
                  EMMA ANN 
                  CRANFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January

, two gowns, value 15s.; two silver spoons, value 5s.; one apron, value 1s. 6d.; one umbrella, value 3s.; and one scarf, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Tothill
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  DANIELS
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, on the same day, they knowing them to have been stolen
            .
ELIZA TOTHILL. I am the wife of Joseph Tothill, who is a smith
, and lives in High-street, St. Giles's



 - We live in the back room of the first floor, the prisoner, Cranfield, was my servant
. On the 13th of January, at four o'clock in the afternoon, I went out-when I returned in the evening she was gone; she had given me no notice. I missed the articles stated in the indictment - She never returned. About three weeks after I saw her at a lodging-house in Buckeridge-street. I asked her where my things were? and told her if I could recover them, I would not prosecute her. She told me I had received them. She said that Daniels and his wife had given them up.
SPENCER SMITH. I am shopman to Mr. Lcighton, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Wardour-street. On the 15th of January, the prisoner, Sarah Daniels, pledged a gown with me, and on the 16th the prisoner 
               
                  Charles 
                  Daniels
               



            , pledged two spoons with me.
ALEXANDER TATE. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Cambridge-street, Grosvenor-square. I have two gowns, and a scarf, pledged on the 15th of January, by the prisoner, Charles Daniels.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM JONES. I am an officer. I took Cranfield into custody; in cousequence of what she said, I went to Daniels's house on the 18th of January, and took him into custody. I told him I took him for some things which Cranfield left in his apartment. He said he knew nothing about them. I found the duplicates of the things on him.
WILLIAM JEFFERSON. I am an officer. I was withJones, and went to Daniels's house with Cranfield. He said he knew nothing of it. Cranfield immediately said,"You told me that a lady and gentleman fetched them away, saying, that if you did not give them up they would have you before a magistrate; and that you had given them up." He made no answer. We found the duplicates on him - He said he found them. He lived in Duck-lane, Wardour-street.
CRANFIELD'S Defence. Mr. Daniels pledged them.


                  CHARLES 
                  DANIELS
               



            'S Defence. Cranfield came to me six months ago - We kept her a long time, as she had no lodging. She left us, saying she had got a place. In about two months she returned with the things that are pledged. I thought they were her own.
CRANFIELD - GUILTY. Aged 12.



               Judgment Respited. Sent to the Refuge
               




.
CHARLES DANIELS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
SARAH DANIELS-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
