






61. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PETHERICK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, one pair of coach glasses, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Poynter
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  POYNTER
               



            . I am a coach maker, and master
, and live in Great Ormond yard


. I have a nephew, an apprentice of mine, who has lived with me for the last six years.


                  ROBERT 
                  POYNTER
               



            . I am the nephew of the last witness. I know the two prisoners. My uncle carried on his business in Great Ormond yard. In consequence of what passed between me and the prisoners, I went with them on the night of the 30th, to get my uncle's coach glasses. There was a man of the name of Banting went with us. As we were going along, Petherick pulled of his great coat, and gave it to Williams, and Willisms took off his jacket and gave it to Petherick. When we got into the coach-house next the dwelling-house, we took a pair of side glasses out of a landaulet, Williams took the glasses. He had a bag with him to put the glasses in. We thought we heard somebody coming down stairs, and went away. Williams put one glass into the bag as he went along Ormond street, and carried the other in his hand. Petherick was standing at the corner to watch. We went with these glasses to Mr. Richards's in Bird-street, which is near Manchester-square. We took them before nine in the evening, as soon as we got in, we were taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BANTING
               



            . In consequence of an agreement made at a public-house, I met the prisoners at the Roebuck, James-street, Grosvenor-square; I went for the purpose of assisting Richards. We went all together to Ormond-yard; but did not go into the coach house. I saw Williams and Pointer running from the mews, with something, which appeared to me like coach glasses. I went into Queensquare, and soon after saw Pointer and Petherick, and asked where Williams was. I went with Petherick and Poynter to Richards's, in pursuance of the plan I had entered into; when I went in. I found Williams in custody, and Poynter and Petherick were taken as well as myself. Mr. Plank did not know I was in the plan.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am a police officer. On the night of the 30th, I was in a dark passage opposite Mr. Richards's door, waiting for them. The first thing I saw was a coach draw up to Richards's door; Williams got out of it, and knocked at the shutters, and was let in. I went in immediately afterwards, and took him into custody, and the glasses which he had, and then returned out again. The moment Williams saw me, he said, we are sold, they are all coming in half an hour, or rather more. Petherick, Poynter, and Banting, came and knocked at the shutters in the same way, and were let in. I took charge of the glasses, and took them all into custody; I took Banting into custody, never having seen him before, and not knowing him.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I keep a shop at the other end of the town, and what Banting did on this occasion, was under my direction. I am a friend of Mr. Poynter's.
(The coach glasses produced by the officer Plank, and sworn to by the prosecutor.)
PETHERICK, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
