





664. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 60lbs. of lead, value 12s., belonging to and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of our Lord the King
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating it to be the property of the Right Honourable


                     William 
                     Huskisson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William Dacres 
                     Adams
                  



               
            , Esq.
 and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dawkins
                  



               
            , Esq.
 the Commissioners of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues


, and fixed to their dwelling-house.
THIRD COUNT. The same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Duffield
               



            , and fixed to her dwelling-house.
THREE OTHER COUNTS. The same, only stating it to be fixed to a certain building (to wit), a house.


                  ELLEN 
                  DUFFIELD
               



            . I have been placed by the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, at 31, Mortimer-street, Marylebone


, and have lived there twelve months. On the 20th of March, about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by some persons jumping from over the window. I opened the window, and saw a man and a boy looking up to see who was looking out. I called the watch, and in a few minutes they brought the prisoner back. I found the lead had been taken up from off the flat at the back of the house, which forms the roof of the kitchen. I asked the prisoner why he came to a house where he was sure to be seen - He said, that it was distress that drove him to it, as he had had no work for sixteen months. I afterwards saw the lead fitted to the place-the lead and the bag laid just at the place where I saw the men.


                  JAMES 
                  MULDAM
               



            . I am a watchman - I heard Mrs. Duffield call out, and saw a man and a boy come out of the back part of her premises-they run past me - I followed them down Chandos-street - Davison secured the prisoner. I am sure he is the man - I never lost sight of him - He said, I suppose, if I had five or six shillings to give you, you would let me go - He said, there were too many of us for him, but if he had his coat off, he would get away from us - We found the lead cut off, and rolled up, and a bag and two knives, close by.


                  ANDREW 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I am a watchman - I stopped the prisoner in Portland-place, and found two knives on the roof-the lead exactly fitted the place-it weighed 47lbs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a watch-house keeper - I fitted the lead to the roof.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I did not say I had been out of work.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middllesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
