





Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
782. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COX
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Perrott
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Watts
                     



                  , on the night of the 31st of March
, and stealing a piece of printed cotton, containing 24 yards, value 30s.
            , their property.
CHARLES PERROTT. I am in partnership with Thomas Watts - we are packers

, and our premises are in Tenter-street, Moorfields


; neither of us sleep there, but our foreman and apprentices do. On Sunday morning, the 1st of April, about six o'clock, the foreman fetched me to the warehouse; I found the first floor window pulled down, and about eighty pieces of printed cotton, and three pieces of fustain taken away; it was light then, and two workmen were on the premises - I found the prisoner in custody, in about an hour, with a piece of cotton, which was one of those stolen, and had our private ticket on it; we had it to pack for exportation.


                  FRANCIS 
                  TIER
               



            . I am a watchman. About half-past four o'clock in the morning of the 1st of April, I saw several persons in White-street, which is near these premises; it was twilight - I watched them, and while I was informing my brother watchmen, up came the prisoner, with his coat buttoned from top to bottom; I told him I thought he was about no good, it being Sunday morning; he turned short round on his heel, and ran as hard as possible - I followed, crying Stop thief! and saw him drop this piece of printed cotton; he was not three minutes' walk from the premises; I only lost sight of him in turning the corner, and am certain of him - nobody was before him - I secured him; he said he was stopped for nothing - a watchman came up with the cotton, which he had dropped at the corner of White-court, White-street.


                  JOHN 
                  GAYDON
               



            . I am a City constable. About five minutes to five o'clock I was in Moor-lane, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner come out of Sweeden-passage into Moor-lane - I pursued him through White-street, and by No. 8, I saw him drop this print; I told a watchman to pick it up; it was taken to the watch-house, and claimed by the prosecutors - I followed him into Rope-maker-street; I only lost sight of him in turning the corner; no other person was to be seen in the street - I secured him; it was quite daylight; after that I saw three people taking property away from the prosecutors' premises; I took some from one of them.


                  RICHARD 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a watchman. I and Tier were at the end of Butler's-alley, which comes from Grub-street into Moor-lane; the prisoner came up; Tier asked what he did out at that time of the morning, and said, "I think you are one of the gang we are looking after;" he immediately turned about, and ran away; I joined in pursuit, and at the corner of White-court I picked up this piece of print - I did not see it dropped; I followed, and came up with the prisoner in Finsbury-square, took him to the watch-house, and delivered the print to Horton.
Prisoner. Q. Is White-court opposite to No. 8? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am an officer. Hill delivered this print to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an apprentice to the prosecutors, and sleep in the house the property was stolen from, on the second floor. I went to bed about twelve o'clock; the windows were then entire, and every thing safe - I got up at twenty minutes to six o'clock, hearing a cry of Stop thief! I found the first floor window open; the top sash was pulled down, and a quantity of prints stolen.
Prisoner's Defence. I got up at five o'clock, and was told to go the corner of Redcross-street, where I should find a person waiting for me - a man there said the person who wanted me, was gone to a public-house, opposite Whitechapel-church, and wanted to tell me of my grandmother's death; I was running, and was taken.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
