






1327. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WATTS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, two handkerchiefs, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Outen
                        



                     
                  , one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Josiah 
                           Simcoe
                        



                     
                  , and one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Douglas
                        



.


                  RICHARD 
                  OUTEN
               



            . I keep the Crown at Pentonville




. On the 27th of September a person came to the bar, and said there was three improper persons in the tap-room. I went in, and saw the prisoners and another person there, but having seen Watts before, I did not suspect them. Soon after another person came and desired me to have an eye on them, as they were bad characters. A short time after being engaged in the bar, I saw a person pass, and on looking through the window I saw King making his escape out of the house with something under his coat. I pursued, tapped him on the shoulder, and said I suspected he had a mug under his coat, he replied he had nothing more than these silk handkerchiefs - (producing four). - I went in doors looked through the window again, and saw there was still a large bulk under his coat. A butcher then came and said he had stolen the handkerchiefs from the yard. I then pursued and brought him back, with the four handkerchiefs under his coat, and gave him in charge.


                  ANN 
                  CHURCHESS
               



            . I hung the handkerchiefs on the line, and pinned them on about half an hour before. They were wet.


                  JAMES 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I was sent for, took King and one Cole in the tap-room, they made a desperate resistance; King bit my finger, and said he would cut my b - dy head off.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I apprehended Watts, there was an attempt to rescue him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
KING'S Defence. I was drunk, they must have been put into my pocket.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WATTS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
