





1142. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of July
 two half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Black
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  BLACK
               



            . I live in Bird-street, Manchester-square. On Saturday, the 10th of July, about half-past twelve, I was in Hyde Park


, at the review, and had two half-crowns stolen from my pocket - I had not been pressed by the crowd or hustled - I did not see the prisoner till Dorrington came up to me with him, and asked if I had been robbed - I had a sovereign, two half-crowns and a shilling loose in my pocket - I felt and thought I had lost all my money, but upon feeling again, I found the sovereign and the shilling - the two half-crowns were gone. The officer said he had taken two half-crowns from the prisoner, and showed them to me.
FREDERICK DORRINGTON. I am a constable of Bow-street. I was on duty in the Park on the 10th of July. - I saw the prosecutrix with a child on her right arm - I saw the prisoner in company with two others bigger than himself - I watched them, and saw him open the prosecutrix's pocket with his left hand, and put his right hand under it, he then put in his left hand and took something out, but I could not tell what. The other two were standing between him and me, he went away about twelve or fourteen yards, when I followed him, and collared him - he was looking at the two half-crowns, and dropped them when I took hold of him. I took him back to where I left the prosecutrix, and asked if she had lost any money. She felt in her pocket, and said
"Yes, all my money. I had a sovereign, two half-crowns and a shilling." I said
"I know nothing about it, but I have found two half-crowns." She felt again, and said she had lost two half-crowns.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by the soldiers among some other boys, when the officer laid hold of me; there were two half-crowns on the ground, he picked them up and said I stolen had them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Life
            .
