





408. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, onthe 17th of January
, being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Flint
                        




                     
                  , did steal four fans, value 2 s.; two silk handkerchiefs, value 12 s.; one pair of stockings, value 2 s. 6 d., and two pair of gloves, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Flint
                     



                  , his master
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HANDEL SHARP
               



            . I am father-in-law to Mr. Flint, a haberdasher
, who carries on business on Fish-street-hill; the prisoner has been his porter
 since September, and slept on the landing-place, between the shop and passage; his brother Richard was porter there before him. On Friday morning, the 17th of January, about eleven o'clock, when Mrs. Flint came from Wandsworth, in consequence of information, I called all the servants together. Mrs. Flint asked the shopwomen for the keys of their boxes, and I asked the shopmen and porter for theirs, and said that two Cypress dresses, and a length of plaid sarsnett were missing, and they must all be searched; the prisoner gave me four keys, saying, that three of them were of no use, and that the other belonged to his locked-up box, and said,
"In searching my box, take care of my money;" the place he slept in was parted off from the shop by two doors, which I lock up every night, and until I open them in the morning nobody can get into the shop; there is a large sky-light at the back of the shop, which opens, and a person can easily get into the shop that way from where the prisoner slept. Mr. Dumeford and I went to the prisoner's room first; I looked in and saw his room in great confusion; his bed-clothes all turned about, and several boxes. I said, it would take us a long while, and we would go to the young men's room first. I locked the door with a key which had been in my possession ever since his brother left; he was in the shop when I locked the door, but could not see me do it - he had no key himself. I went and searched eight or nine of the young men's boxes, which were in a room at a great distance from the prisoner's, and was an hour and a half about it. I then returned to the prisoner's room, and found it forced open; a piece was forced off the door-post, the lock was wrenched from its place, and there was fresh blood on the door-post; we sent for a constable - the prisoner at that time was gone out with a parcel; we took his locked-up box marked (T. C.) into the drawing-room, came down and examined the room, and between the bed and sacking, I found a pair of new worsted stockings. I found a phosphorus box, and two pair of ladies' gloves in a little box on the shelf; also a new silk handkerchief, and two pair of ladies' gloves on the shelf, with three or four handkerchiefs which were not new. I then went to the box in the drawing-room, and found the hasp of the lock completely forced off, and immediately it was opened, I found a clean neckcloth with a mark of fresh blood on it, four fans which had never been sold, and two new black silk handkerchiefs. The prisoner had just come in as I opened the box - I fetched him, and said,
"Thomas, here is the constable to search your box, but before we do that, if you are the person I suspect of breaking open the door, you have a wound on your hand;" he said,
"Broke open the door, my door was never locked." I said,
"Let me look at your hand;" he gave me his left hand - I asked to see the other; he then gave me the right, and there was a cut across the knuckle of the first finger, which was bleeding then; he said he did it in opening the shutters that morning - this was half-past two o'clock - we open at half-past seven; he then saw us search his box, and find the property; he said,
"These fans I took out of the warehouse, and meant to have spoken to Mr. Dumeford about them," and that he bought all the other things in Whitechapel. I asked where there, but he could not tell; he said, he knew nothing about the ladies' gloves. There being no money in the box, I asked where it was; he said, he had none. I said, he had desired me to take care of the money; he said,
"My clothes are my money, I have no opportunity of saving money in this service;" the constable searched him, and found five sovereigns and fifteen shillings in his left-hand pocket, and twenty-seven shillings in the other, which he had received of a customer. I sent him to the watch-house, and in the evening went with Mr. Flint to him. Mr. Flint asked if he knew anything of his brother; he said,
"I have not seen my brother for this month," and that, he did not know where he or his sister lived, but that his mother lived in some court which he mentioned. I asked if he had not a relation who lived at No. 33, 63, or 23, Curtain-road; he said he had no relation in Curtain-road.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You are not concerned in the business - A. Not at all. Mr. Flint has no partner. The prisoner sat within five yards of the door, when I locked it; he was sent out about one o'clock. We have about eighteen persons employed in the shop; I can swear to the fans; he could have had the other things from his master at the wholesale price; it is not likely he would have given the retail price to another person.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can people in the shop see his bed room door - A. No. They must open a door on the fourth stair, to see his room; he asked what I was going to search for, I told him the Cypress dresses.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUMEFORD
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Flint. Mr. Sharpe's account is correct; I knew nothing of the prisoner's having the fans, but the day before the search, I went with him into the cellar, to look for some wrapper, and there found fifty or sixty of these Dutch fans, in a very dirty state, which had been there for years - I told him to take them into the shop to be cleaned, and am certain these four were among them.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you a mark on them - A. No; but I could pick these out from the other fifty; he acknowledges taking them.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a constable, and assisted in the search. Mr. Sharp's account is correct; the prisoner's hand, had quite fresh blood on it; I shewed him the blood on the handkerchiefs; he said,
"Oh, you may say anything."
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FLINT
               



            . In consequence of information, I came to town; my father-in-law's account is correct. I went to No. 63, Curtain-road, and found the prisoner's brother Richard, there, with his mother and sister, they lodged in the house, (looking at a letter;) I have seen the prisoner write several times, I believe this to be his writing.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. I found this letter in 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark
               



            's pocket.
(Reads.)
December, 1822.
Please Richard call down this evening, when I am shuttingup. I have got a very heavy parcel to take very far - as soon as you can, and you will much oblige, J. Clark, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark
               



            , No. 53, Curtain-road; 14th of January.
The post-mark was,
"Fish-street-hill."
Prisoner's Defence. I was out at the time, the door and box were broken open. Different things which have been said are wrong. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
