





1579. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 coffee biggin, value 16s
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Simson 
                  Tiddeman
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  TIDDEMAN
               



            . I am the wife of John Simson Tiddeman, an ironmonger
, of Upper East Smithfield


. On the 26th of August, about eight o'clock, the prisoner came with a green-spectacle case, to know if I could mend it; I sent the servant girl to tell him he must go to a spectacle-maker's; as soon as he was gone I missed my coffee-biggin, and was much alarmed; a young woman then came and told me I had lost it; I ran to the door - the young lady pointed him out to me another time - he was a perfect stranger to me; I have not seen the coffee-biggin since.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Will you swear this young man was in the shop? A. No; I saw the coffee-biggin while he was in the shop - I missed it about ten minutes afterwards; I went into my parlour - there was no one in the shop - I had a child in my arms, which sucks - it was not crying; I had been robbed fivedays before of some spoons; I do not swear to this young man at all, but I am sure it was him.
COURT. Q. How came he to be taken up? A. Because the young lady, who came to tell me I had lost it, said she would point out the man - she did so, and he was taken.


                  LOUISA 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a waistcoat-maker, and live opposite this shop. Between eight and nine o'clock I saw the prisoner, in company with two men; they stood next door but one; the prisoner went into the shop; I am quite sure it was him; it was broad day-light, and my window was open; he had nothing with him that I saw; the other two then crossed; the prisoner then came out of the shop, and, in a few minutes, went in again, and the second time I saw him draw a coffee-biggin from the corner of the shop, and put it under his coat; he and his two companions then went away; I was so much alarmed I could not cry out, but I went over and told what I had seen - on the following Tuesday I pointed the prisoner out; I am sure he is the man; I had never seen him before, but I particularly observed him.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you did not see any thing in his hand when he wentin? A. No; he could not have had a spectacle case in his hand; he had his face towards me for about five minutes - when he came out of the shop with the biggin, they all walked away; I was but a little way from him; it is not a wide street - he had lightish-coloured napkeen trousers on, and a blue coat; I observed him particularly; he has a particular walk, and is rather a bow legged man; this was on a Saturday; I saw him again on the Tuesday, when they all three went past the house again, I went and told Mrs. Tiddeman - she went to try to get an officer, but could not; they got away - the prisoner was taken on the following Saturday; I could see the coffee-biggin in the shop as I sat at my window; it was just as you go in on the right hand.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at work at Hackney-common.


                  JAMES 
                  PLOWMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner on Saturday, the 2d of September, he made no resistance - Mrs. Tiddeman told me of him; they were all three walking together.
Mrs. TIDDEMAN re-examined. He is the man who came into my shop; he took the spectacle case out of his pocket - I have no doubt he is the man; I was sure it was him; I said, "You know me, I suppose;" he said, "I don't know you by God;" I told him if he would give me my property back, or the duplicate, I would not proceed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
