






910. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BURGINS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SWAINE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 3 sheets, value 6s.; 4 cups, value 2s.; 1 pail, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 2s., and 1 pillow-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Truebey
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  TRUEBEY
               



            . I am wife of John Trubey; we live in Nova Scotia Gardens, Bird-cage-walk


. On the 28th of February, when my husband got up in the morning at six o'clock, he found the wash-house door open; he called me- I went down, and found the door open, and this linen taken from the tub. I take in washing; I had locked the door at half-past twelve o'clock at night, when I went to bed. I went to Worship-street, where, I was informed, the linen was at Mr. Smith's, Kingsland-road; I went there, and saw Jones - the prisoners were then in custody.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman. I met Swaine, in Union-street, on Thursday morning, the 28th of February, when I was coming off watch; he saw me and crossed the road; I let him go on, and saw a pail on his shoulder, with something white over it. I turned back, and asked him what he had got there; he said what was that to me; I said, I insisted upon his telling me - he said it was wet linen, which he was going to carry to his aunt's, to dry; I said, what number was it; he said it was in some court; he could not tell the name, but he would show me - I then took him to the officers.


                  EDWARD 
                  OXLEY
               



            . On the 28th of March, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I heard that a person had gone down Crooked Billet-yard. I went there, and found Burgins, in his room, putting on his clothes; I asked him where a lad they call Snoozer was, he said he had not seen him for some time; I looked, and found this shirt in a blue apron, under the bed. I took him to the watch-house- I knew it was his room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SWAINE'S Defence. This lad was not with me, when the crime was done - I do not wish for him to suffer.
BURGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SWAIFE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
