





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
409. 
               
                  BIGLEY 
                  HERMITAGE
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 7th of January
, at Ealing, alias Zealing, did break and enter a certain building, being within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Fletcher
                     




                  , and occupied therewith, but not being part thereof, and stealing therein 48 lbs. weight of mutton, value 20s.
            , the goods of the said James Fletcher.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am the nephew of James Fletcher, butcher, of Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing


. On the night of Monday, the 7th of January, I killed seven South Down wether sheep - I dressed them, and hung them in the slaughter-house, adjoining the house; I saw them safe about six o'clock in the evening, and at half-past seven next morning I missed two; I have since seen part of a neck and loin of mutton, and know it to be my dressing; it was part of the two carcases lost - I got a search-warrant - I was not present when the search was made.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am a constable. I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's father's house, about half-past ten o'clock, on Tuesday morning, the 8th of January - the prisoner lived there; I knocked at the door - no one came - I then lifted up the latch, and went in; I called Mrs. Hermitage; she came about half way down stairs; I then went up, and found a sheep's head laying in a chair, in the first floor room; I then called the prosecutor's son, John, up, and we went into the attic together, and there found a quantity of mutton, cut in pieces; there was a whole carcase cut into pieces, and tied in a coarse cloth; we took it away; I went down, and told the mother and father I must secure them; I took the prisoner at the Little King's Arms public-house, Old Brentford; I said, "You are the man I want;" he said, "For what?" I said, "You will see;" I took him to the cage, and Mr. John Fletcher came up; I then said to the prisoner, "Mr. Fletcher lost two carcases of mutton last night, and I have found one carcase in your house;" the prisoner then said he found it, and I think he said near Drum-lane.
COURT. Q. How far is his house from Mr. Fletcher's? A. Four or five hundred yards.


                  JOHN 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. Ten sheep had been killed the night before; part of them by Thomas Fletcher, but he dressed them all; they hung in the slaughter-house, which joins the back part of the dwelling-house, and is occupied by my father; it has no internal communication with the dwelling-house; we lost two sheep, worth about 4l.
COURT. Q. Must this have been done in the night? A. Yes; I believe between eleven and twelve o'clock; there are two side doors, which were locked by Thomas Fletcher - they were not opened, but a lattice window, which fastens with a bar, was broken.


                  HANNAH 
                  HERMITAGE
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother: about seven o'clock on the 7th of January, he had tea, and went out - he said he was going to work, but I went to the public-house after him, between eight and nine o'clock, and found him smoking; I asked him to come home; he would not - he brought the sheep in about twelve o'clock, and said he had picked it up in the King's highway - he took it up stairs, as I have dogs and cats down stairs - it was in a cloth; I believe it was cut.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a watchman. Between ten and eleven o'clock at night I saw the prisoner at the Little King's Arms, about fifty yards from the prosecutor's premises.


                  THOMAS 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . Here are marks on the shoulder and loin of mutton, which I made - every butcher has his own mark; I am sure they are part of the sheep I dressed - they are not cut up in a butcher-like way.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the mutton, with a cloth, a saw, and knife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
