





570. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  DIGBY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 10 live tame fowls, price 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               




            .
WILLIAM TAYLOR. I deal in live poultry
. On the 11th of January I had some in two hampers, across an ass's back, at the Red Lion public-house, at Paddington; while I was in the house the ass went on - I received information, and went after it to the Yorkshire Stingo public-house; on going along I met a boy with a fowl, whom I detained; when I came up to the ass, there were ten fowls missing from the hampers - I have not seen any more of them since; I believe the fowl that the boy had was one of mine, but I had only had them about an hour.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BIRD
               



            . I keep the Yorkshire Stingo public-house. On the 11th of January, I saw the ass with two baskets of fowls - I saw some persons round it, and the prisoner took some fowls from the baskets, but I do not know what he did with them, for I was busy. I knew him well, and knew the ass was not his - I did not state in my examination at the office that the prosecutor was by him at the time.


                  SARAH 
                  WELLER
               



            . I am bar-maid at the Yorkshire Stingo. I saw the prisoner take two fowls out of the basket - he gave them to two men - the prosecutor came up just afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  BOUND
               



            . I live in Stingo-lane. On the 11th of January, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked if I wanted any fowls. I said No. He went away, and soonafterwards I found some fowls had been stolen - I looked out and saw the ass, and a number of persons standing there.


                  GEORGE 
                  PRINGLE
               



            . I was standing at the corner of Stingo-lane. I saw a man named Ambrose, who gave me a fowl - I did not see any thing of the prisoner - the prosecutor, soon after, came up and took the fowl from me.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and took the prisoner; the next morning a person named Hunt gave this fowl to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out the next morning, and was taken by the officer. The prosecutor has received a a sovereign, and compounded felony: this fowl which is here produced, was in the possession of Ambrose.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I have not received any money, nor made it up with him in any way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
