






1964. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     CAMPBELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 1 jacket, value 6d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 2 stockings, value 3d.; 2 ozs. weight of tobacco, value 7d.; 1 pair of drawers, value 6d.; 1 shilling, and 10 penny-pieces, the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Wilkinson
                     



                  ; and 1 hammock, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas Smith 
                  Cockburn
               



            .
GEORGE WILKINSON. I am a sailor
. I know the two prisoners; I saw them on the 22d of September, at twelve o'clock at night, in New Gravel-lane


, together, and one of them asked me to go with her - I went with one and Cockburn went with the other - we went to the same house; I was up stairs with Smith, and he was down stairs - I undressed, and laid my clothes in a chair with some tobacco, a pair of drawers, and 1s. 10d. in money; I did not go to sleep - Smith blew out the light and went down stairs - I got up and called the watchman, he came, and the clothes were gone; I saw her again in about an hour at the watch-house; my clothes are here.
THOMAS SMITH COCKBURN. I was with Wilkinson, and went to the same house with Campbell; I had a hammock with me which I laid on a chair - Smith is the woman that Wilkinson went with.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEVERELL
               



            . I am a watch-house-keeper. Smith and Campbell were brought to the watch-house with this bundle - Smith was very much alarmed, and said, "Do forgive me, and I will tell you all about it;" I sent the watchman to find where they took them from, and while he was gone, Smith said she took them from a sailor in Bluegate-fields; the witnesses then came, and I opened the lock-up place for them to see the prisoners - I saw this bundle lay by the side of Smith; I said, "What is that? I thought I searched you;" she said, "Yes; but I had these on;" it was these trousers.


                  THOMAS 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the two prisoners soon after two o'clock that morning; Smith had something bulky - I asked what she had got, she made no reply; I took her by the arm and asked her again - she then said she took them from a man who had been ill-using her; I took them to the watch-house, and then went toNo. 2, Bluegate-fields, where I found Wilkinson, with his shirt and a pair of canvas drawers on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CAMPBELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
