





1867. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWNUTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 bonnet, value 10s.; 3 caps, value 3s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 2 collars, value 1s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 6d.; 4 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 6 halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wells
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer. On the 8th of September I saw the prisoner, with three others, in the New North-road


, trying several area-gates; they stopped, and one of them disappeared for a short time; in a few minutes I saw the prisoner with this box under his arm - I sent Berry after the other two, but he mistook me; he went round and met the prisoner with the box, just as I got up to him - I had seen him at Mr. Well's house in Bridport-place, New-road - I went there, and they claimed the box - Mrs. Wells did not attend the office without a summons; and when she came, she would not swear to the property.


                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               



            . I am a butcher. I saw the prisoner with three others in Bridport-place - I saw another go into the house, and bring this box out; he gave it to the prisoner - I ran and took him.


                  HANNAH 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am wife of Richard Wells, and live in Bridport-place. I had a cap like this, and have no doubt it is mine, and the bonnet is mine; they were in this bonnet-box; the bracelets are mine; the box was taken of a chair in the parlour - I do not know whether the door was left open.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the other lads, who asked me to carry the box, and told me to follow them; they brought it out of the house, and told me to go to the City-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
