





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
60. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Middleton
                     




                  , Mary Ann Catherine, his wife, being therein, about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 14th of November
, and stealing 6 snuff-boxes, value 6s.; 6 segar-holders, value 12s. 6d., and 1 purse, value 9d., his property
            .
JAMES MIDDLETON. I live in William-street, St. Pancras


, and am a tobacconist
. On the 14th of November, about five o'clock in the afternoon, as I came home, I found my shop window in a disordered state, and when I got in, I found a piece was cut out of the bottom square, about five inches by three - it was whole at a quarter to four o'clock; I missed three wooden boxes, which cost me 1s. 3d. each, three at 10d. each, also six segar-tubes, which cost me 12s. 6d. - I found the snuff-boxes at the office, with a purse which I had not missed - I rent the house.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I am a patrol, and live in Titchbourn-court, Holborn. On the 14th of November, at a quarter past five o'clock, I met the prisoner in Crown-street, Soho, with two boys less than himself - they were all standing together, but when we got towards them they walked on - I secured the prisoner, and Cuthbert, who was with me, took the others; I felt these boxes in his breeches - he said they were his own, and, as I was taking them out, I asked where he got them - he said he picked them up, wrapped in a piece of green paper, at Charing-cross, and he could not tell how many there were; I found there were six boxes and a purse - I asked if he had picked the purse up - he said there was none - we took them all to the office, where the prosecutor described one of the boxes before he saw it.


                  HENRY 
                  CUTHBERT
               



            . I was with Rierdon, and took the other two.
JAMES MIDDLETON. I believe all these boxes to be mine, by the patterns, but I know one in particular by the plug being out - I have not found the segar-holders - some of the boxes were eighteen inches above the broken pann - they could not have fallen out of the window; I had gone out at eight o'clock in the morning - my wife, whose name is Mary Ann Catherine, and the servant, were at home when I returned.
Prisoner's Defence. I found them at Charing-cross, wrapped in a piece of paper.




               GUILTY. Aged 17. Of stealing one box only, and no person being in the dwelling-house
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
