






THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
24. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BARRETT
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  O'BRYAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 7 shifts, value 20s.; 1 scarf, value 20s.; 4 gowns, value 5l.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 brooch, value 3s., and 1 whittle, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Amelia 
                        Matthews
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Austin 
                        Rochester
                     



.
AMELIA MATTHEWS. I am a servant
. I had just left my situation in Duncan-place, Leicester-square - I went to lodge at Mr. Rochester's on the 13th of October, and did not know either of the prisoners before that; Barrett lodged there, and I put my trunk into her room, it contained the articles stated in the indictment - it was not locked; I did not know her before, but my fellow-servant had recommended me to lodge there; I would not have taken 50l. for my property. I went there on the 13th, but did not miss all the property till the 16th. O'Bryan was there on the 13th, when I went in; she was also there on the 14th and 15th. On Monday night, the 16th, I gave charge of Barrett - she was searched at the watch-house, but nothing was found on her; I was taking her gown off her on Sunday night, in her own room, and a duplicate of some of my property dropped from her. On the 17th I saw the officer find a silk handkerchief, locked up in her box, and my gold ear-rings were found on the mantelpiece. I saw O'Bryan on Sunday night, in St. Martin's-lane, opposite Chandos-street, with my bonnet and whittle on; the whittle was taken from the box, but not the bonnet; I found a brooch in her pocket when she was searched.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you not very intimate with them? A. No; I never gave them any thing to pawn; a man named Basterfield came to visit me there; I represented him as my brother, but he was not so, and that Barrett knew; I did not wish every one to be as wise as myself; no other man visited me till after I lost my property - then my fellow-servant came; I was never intoxicated; I did not have warning to leave the house. A watch was found at a pawnbroker's, which I claimed.
Q. Did not a lady come forward, and swear it was her watch, and that she had sent her son to pawn it? A. Yes; I could not give the number of it, and Mr. Halls, the Magistrate asked me to open it, but I was not able to do so, being flurried. I told him I had opened it but twice; I did nearly open it, but I was all in a tremble - it was given to the lady, because she gave the number, and I could not- she appeared like a poor, working woman; I had bought it three years ago, at a watchmaker's at Charing-cross - I do not know his name; Mr. Rigby now lives at the shop - I gave 10l. for it - I was house-maid at an hotel in Spring-gardens at that time. I never wound it up, for I was not in the habit of using it; I bought it because I was going out one Sunday, and wished to be back to my time - I did not wind it up after I first had it - my mistress has seen me with it, and offered to come, but the Magistrate did not wish to see her, as she could not identify it; I described the inside works to Mr. Halls, but there were three of the boy's friends to swear against me - Mr. Halls told me to bring somebody else to identify it, but the family I lived with are gone to Spain - the boy had been stopped when he offered it in pawn, and the mother swore it was hers, and she had sent him to pawn it.
Q. Have you ever said you had no charge to make against Barrett, calling her the little b-b? A. Never, nor did I ever use such words; I know Mary Brian by sight; I never told her I had nothing to allege against Barrett - I gave an alarm in the house on the 16th, that I had lost my property - Barrett was taken that day in her own room, and O'Bryan on the Wednesday.
COURT. Q. Did you lose from your trunk a watch worth 6l.? A. Yes, and all the other articles stated in the indictment. I never allowed either of them to take the things to pawn them, or to wear them - they were quite strangers - I believe the watch now to be mine, and it had a key like mine to it.


                  EDWARD 
                  STORR
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Balfour, of Chandos-street. I have a silk gown and a shift, pawned about half-past seven o'clock on Saturday evening, the 14th of October, by Barrett, in the name of 
               
                  Anne 
                  Barry
               



            , Bedfordbury; she had two duplicates of them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the prosecutrix swear to the watch at Bow-street? A. She swore to the best of her belief. The woman who claimed it appeared like a hard-working woman; she was dressed like a servant: I have no doubt but the boy gave her the number of the watch - Mr. Halls gave it to her after some hesitation.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am the officer. The Magistrate sent me on Tuesday to search Barrett's lodging, and in her box I found a silk handkerchief, which the prosecutrixclaims, and half a sovereign - I found a pair of gold earrings in a goblet on the mantel-piece; I was informed of the watch being stopped at Queen-square, and I took her there; she described it to Pople, who had it in his possession - the boys who had offered it in pawn were remanded until Saturday, and then sent to Bow-street - the watch was brought there, and she described to the Magistrate the mark of a snake inside the cap, which the woman could not do - she also knew the key, and the string attached to it; she described it before she saw it, but she did not know the number; the number was on the face - it appeared to be a poor tradesman's wife who claimed it. When I apprehended O'Bryan, I found on her the gold setting of a cornelian brooch.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you before Mr. Halls? A. Yes; she told him of the mark inside the watch, and she opened the glass cover, but could not open the inner case- I believe the watch now to be hers.
AMELIA MATTHEWS. I believe the setting of this brooch to be mine - the handkerchief, gown, and shift, are mine; also this silk dress; here is the gown I took off Barrett's back.
BARRATT's Defence. She told me she had only two shifts, but she had stolen a pair of sheets from her mistress to make herself some - she asked me to cook a dinner on Sunday for some friends of hers, and told me to put her gown on, that I might not stain my own - she borrowed my lace frill, as she was going to meet a gentleman in the Park, and lent me her handkerchief instead; she gave me the ear-rings.
O'BRYAN's Defence. A woman who works with me at Millbank trod on this brooch, and bent it; she gave it to me - I went to this house on Sunday, and Barrett told me to put on this shawl and old bonnet, as I was going to Chandos-street; I did not like it, but she said it made no difference; I returned, and gave them to her.


                  JAMES 
                  LEMON
               



            . I am a watchman of Bedfordbury. The prosecutrix came to me, and said she had been robbed of considerable property - I went to the house; she pointed Barrett out, and said she had seen the watch and gown in pawn in Chandos-street; but at Bow-street next day, she said she had not seen the watch, it had only been offered her there; but the night before she said she had seen it, and that it was pawned in the name of Barrett, the pawnbroker's boy had shown it to her. Barrett said she had pawned the gown at her request, and had given her the six shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROTTENBURY
               



            . I was with Lemon. The prosecutrix said she had been and seen her watch, and that it was pawned for 4l. 10s. in Chandos-street; and she said to Barrett, "Give me the duplicate, and I will give you a sovereign" - she said at the office that she had not seen the watch; Barrett said she had ordered her to pawn the dress.


                  CAROLINE 
                  ROCHESTER
               



            . I am landlady of the house. The prosecutrix came and lodged in Barrett's room. On Saturday night they were getting tipsy together; she and a man whom she called her brother remained all night with them, but I did not know it till the morning: I did not give her warning to leave the house; she was to have moved to the third-floor, as the rent of the first was too high - she fetched me up on the Monday night, and said that her brother was robbed of a sovereign - I asked how it happened; she said it was taken out of his trousers - I said to her brother, who was there, "Were your trousers off?" he said Yes - I asked if he had been there all night; he was going to say No; but she said she and him were in bed: she went out in the course of the day, and said she had seen her silk gown and watch in pawn for 4l. 10s. in Barrett's name, and afterwards she said she thought the watch was hers. I had lent the prosecutrix 3s. 6d. that week, and yet she says she had a 10l. note.


                  FRANCES 
                  BALL
               



            . I lodge in Rochester's house, with my husband, on the second-floor. I heard the prosecutrix say she had seen her watch in Chandon-street, pawned for 4l. 10s. She said -


                   
                  - EMISSARY
               

            . My husband is a labourer. I work with O'Bryan in a garden at Millbank - I felt something hurt my feet when I was in the garden; I took off my shoe, and found this brooch sticking to my heel; I gave it to O'Bryan.
COURT. Q. Did you go before a Magistrate about this? A. No; I found it this winter, when I was weeding spinnage - I do not know whether it is gold; there was a little dirt on it; we did not clean it, but I can swear it is the same.
BARRETT - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
O'BRYAN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
