





1085. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  SHAW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Sandall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
DAVID SANDALL. I am a stationer
, and live in Sherbourne-lane. On the 19th of April I was on the dickey of the Clapham coach, coming to town; and on London-bridge


 I perceived the prisoner hanging behind the dickey - he had an apron on, and thinking he was in a hurry to get into the City, I did not disturb him. When the stage got about the middle of the bridge, I thought I saw a scuffle; I turned, and saw the prisoner away from the coach, throwing my handkerchief from him; a gentleman was collaring him; the handkerchief was picked up and shown to me - it was mine.


                  DUNCAN 
                  HOSSACK
               



            . I am a tea-dealer. I was on London-bridge at a quarter to ten o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner and another little lad with him; the prisoner was hanging to the coach, close behind the prosecutor, and the lad was sitting on the step of the dickey; I saw the prisoner put his hand once or twice to the prosecutor's pocket - he took out a silk handkerchief, folded it up in his hand, and jumped down - I directly seized him; the lad jumped off, and ran into the Borough - he was eight or nine years old, or rather more. The prisoner never got from me - he threw the handkerchief on the ground when I seized him.


                  EDWARD 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I am a constable, and received the prisoner in charge with the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was riding behind the coach, and when I was tired I dropped off; the gentleman caught hold of me, and accused me of stealing the handkerchief - he searched, but could not find one on me; the coach stopped about twenty yards off, and they picked one up: the boy was not with me. I was riding over to my sisters.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
