





SIXTH DAY, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23.
411. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     FOOT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 3 lbs. of pepper, value 6 s.
            , the goods 
               

                        Joseph 
                        Turrley
                     



                  , Sen.



             and 
               

                        Joseph 
                        Turrley
                     



                  , Jun



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TURRLEY
               



            , SEN. I am a lighterman



, in partnership with my son Joseph; we live in Redcross-square, Wapping; the prisoner was our boatman
. On the 11th of November I sent him to fetch fifty bags of pepper from the East India warehouse at Bow Creek, and in the evening I sent Peck to assist in bringing it alongside the Semaphore ship, near Parsons-stairs. About eight o'clock the following morning Hunt came and informed me the boat had been robbed - the prisoner's duty was to take care of it - he absconded for six weeks, then came and demanded his wages, and I gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am an Excise officer. I saw Turrley's boat alongside the Semaphore, the prisoner was not on board then. I found a bag of pepper there, which appeared to have been cut open, and sewed up again. I weighed it - it weighed 2 cwt. 3 qr. 4 lb. I took the outer bag off, and found the inner one was cut and not sewed up again - it was marked MPR No. 53; the others were put on board the ship. Attwood delivered me 3 1/2 lbs. of pepper.


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I saw fifty bags of pepper delivered on board the boat at the warehouse, in the charge of 
               
                  William 
                  Hunt
               



            , the bag marked MPR. No. 53, weighed 2 cwt. 3 qr. 12 lb. On the 12th of November I weighed it again - it was about 8 lbs. deficient; both the bags were cut - the outer one was sewed up again.


                  JAMES 
                  ATTWOOD
               



            . I am an Excise watchman. On the 11th of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I took charge of the fifty bags of pepper, in Turrley's boat, at Blackwall


; the prisoner and Peck were on board; in the morning I missed the men from the oars. I was on board all night, under the tarpauling. I went aft, and saw the prisoner sewing up the bag which was cut, and a parcel of pepper in a handkerchief by the side of him. Peck came forward, he said he was only taking a little pepper for his own use; I took it from him - he wanted to get it from me. I went ashore, and took the pepper to my superior officer, Hunt, and informed him.
Prisoner's Defence. Peck was tried for this offence, and he was sworn to be the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
