






654. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, 18 lbs. of soap, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bishop
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler
, and live in Old-street


. On the 27th of February, about ten minutes to six o'clock in the evening, I missed 18 or 19 lbs. of soap, from about a yard within the street door. It was in a white deal box,


                  HENRY 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I was by Bishop's shop, and saw the two prisoners, and another man, stopping opposite his window, for about five minutes. They went about forty yards past the house, and then turned back. Welch left the other two standing opposite the window, and stood at the corner of Golden-lane. I saw King put his hand in his pocket, and give something to the other - he went over into the shop, and came out with a white deal box on his arm; King lifted it on the man's shoulder, who ran off down Golden-lane; I followed; they turned back, and asked where I was going - I said, home - Murphy was with me. King took Murphy's hand, and pretended to be drunk. Murphy said,
"Let me go home." He said
"No, do not be in such a hurry; come and have something to drink." During this time the man was going off with the box. King fell down, and Welch hit me on my neck, and I fell. I said,
"I know you, and will have you." He ran down the lane, and in a short time Bishop came up; and at half past ten o'clock, I saw them all in Whitecross-street; and then I think they were in liquor. I sent for the officer, and got Welch secured that night. I knew him before. I did not want to take them, but my father said, they ought to be made an example of.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I was with Prince, and saw the prisoners at Bishop's window with another. They went about forty yards, and then turned back; Welsh stood at the end of Golden-lane, and the other two kept looking in at the window. Welsh gave the other man something from his waistcoat pocket - he then went into the shop and brought out a deal box; King helped it on his shoulder, and went down Golden-lane with him. We followed them - King pretended to be drunk, and shoved me, and asked where I was going in such a hurry; I said home. He did not appear to be drunk before. Welsh said,
"Comelet us have something to drink;" I refused. King wanted me to go and drink.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 27th of February, about eleven o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners go into the Goat, public-house, about fifty-yards from the prosecutor's. Welch was coming out. I said,
"Tom, I want you, and that is the other," pointing to King, who Fordham took. Welsh said,
"Let me go, and I will walk with you." I did so, and he rushed out. I followed and took him.
KING'S Defence. If I was the person, is it likely I should be let go I was intoxicated, and met Prince that night in a shop, and why not take me then.
WELCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Confined Three Months
            .
