





360. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     FOGERTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wooley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WOOLEY
               



            . On the 26th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was by the Royal Exchange


, I felt some one at my pocket, looked round, and saw the prisoner concealing something under his coat, which made me suspect him. I accused him with taking my handkerchief, but he denied it, and ran away. My partner, who was with me, called Stop thief! an officer took him without my losing sight of him, and picked up my handkerchief.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARRAT
               



            . I am a patrol. I was coming down Cornhill, and saw the prisoner running, he was some distance from me. I stopped him; the gentleman said,
"That is the man who robbed me;" and with assistance I took him.


                  DANIEL 
                  FALSHAW
               



            . I saw Wooley scuffling with the prisoner. I secured him and took two handkerchiefs from his hat; he said he bought them at Blackwall.


                  JOHN 
                  CASLAKE
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the alarm, and somebody put the handkerchief into my hands. I found the prisoner wanted to shift his hand into his left pocket; I felt and found two more handkerchiefs there, which hesaid were his, and had no marks on them; two of them were marked.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a sailor at Blackwall.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
