







823. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  GARDINER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April

, four shirt, value 3 l., and a hat, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walker
               



            ; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ASPINALL
               



             and 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  RIDDEL
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am assistant
 to Mr. Hulmandel, the lithographic printer, of Great Marlborough-street. The prisoner Gardiner was in his service; I delivered to him, on Wednesday morning last, four shirts, to take to the laundress, at Battle-bridge, and a hat to take into the Borough: the shirts might be worth about 3 l. - the hat 20 s.; it was to be reduced in the brim - he never returned; he had given no notice of his intention of leaving his employer. On the following day I inquired after him at his usual residence, at a court in Wells-street, but I did not see him again till Friday evening, when he was taken up. I went with Schofield to a sort of clothes shop, No. 38, Wells-street, and saw Aspinall and Riddell; Schofield asked if they had bought any shirts of Gardiner; hementioned the price, 5 s. 3 1/2 d., naming the day on which they were taken by Gardiner: they denied positively having seen either the boy or the articles; they first said they were man and wife and then they denied it: they appeared to be in the shop as persons conducting the business: the officer then commenced his search; they mentioned something about his going into some back premises: the officer first looked round the counter and there he found one of the shirts, and another among the bed clothes: a third shirt was found concealed among some other things - I do not exactly know what they were: the fourth was found partly cut up in a corner of the room - the parts that were found made up the entire shirt when put together - my name was not on them, but I knew them to be mine - I stated so in the prisoners' presence. The man addressed himself to the woman, and insisted upon her giving them up if she had purchased them, which he said he knew nothing about: she denied knowing any thing about them: after the search the two prisoners were taken into custody: there was a third person in the shop, who was not taken - the duplicate of the hat was found in the possession of a waiter at the Jew's Harp tavern.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not some harness hanging on the outside of the door of the shop? A. Yes, there was.
Q. Did not the man and the woman tell you that he was a harness-maker, lodging in the house? A. Yes; the man denied that he had bought any shirts.
Q. Was it not as soon as the first shirt was found that the man said
"If you have bought any shirts you had better give them up? A. Yes. I have no private mark upon them.
Q. Were there any shirts exposed for sale? A. I did not notice any - there were some things hanging up.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. Walker applied to me. I apprehended Gardiner, and went with Mr. Walker to the shop, about two o'clock in the afternoon - I found the two prisoners in the shop, and another man - I had found Gardiner at the Jew's Harp, on the Thursday night; I told him he was charged with stealing a hat and five shirts; he denied all knowledge of it: I took him to the watch-house, and as we were going to the office next morning I told him I had found the hat - he then said he had taken it, and asked me if I had found the shirts; I said I had not, but I had traced different places where he had offered them for 12 s. - he then said he had sold them to a man and woman, who kept a shop at No. 38, Wells-street; he described the people, and said he had got but 5 s. 3 1/2 d., which was paid him by the woman, and that they then put him out at the back door of the house. I went to the house with Mr. Walker and his employer - the man was behind the counter, and the woman rather towards the end; there was a young man there, who appeared as if he had called on business - they were all in conversation; I told Aspinall I had got a search-warrant for five shirts, and asked if they had not bought them of a dirty looking boy, on Wednesday, for 5 s. 31 d. - they both positively denied any knowledge of them; there was a little harness inside the shop, and a little out; I understand the man works at that business; I then said I must proceed to search for the property; they said I was very welcome - they said they had some back premises, and wished me to go and search them - I began to search the shop first, and the woman assisted in moving the things. Under the counter I found a calico shirt - they did not at that time give any account of how they came by it, but the man told the woman to give the shirts up - she declared positively that she had got no more. I then let a bedstead down, and under the bed and bedclothes we found two linen shirts; the man still continued wishing her to give up the property, but neither of them gave any account of how they came by it; I searched in a recess in the wall, and among a parcel of rubbish I found another linen shirt; it was in strips, but appeared to be an entire shirt when the pieces were put together - Mr. Walker claimed them; the woman then said she had brought them of the prisoner Gardiner; I do not think she mentioned whether the man was present - I asked if he was present; he said he could not tell as there were so many things brought in; the woman then took it all on herself, and said the man had nothing to do with it; I took them both into custody. There is a back door to the house which leads to Booth-court.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go up stairs at all? A. No, I did not; I do not know whether the woman is a widow or not; at first they said they were man and wife, but afterwards they said they were not, and therefore I took them both, or I should only have taken the man.


                  CHARLES 
                  HULMANDELL
               



            . Mr. Walker is my assistant. Gardiner lived with me - he gave me no notice of his being about to leave. I went with Schofield to No. 38, Wells-street, and found the two prisoners and a man in the shop; the officer asked who owned the shop - the man stepped forward, and said he did. I saw some harness at the door, and some inside, and some phials and old rags - I did not see any wearing apparel. The officer then said he had a warrant to search for five shirts, which had been sold by a boy for 5 s. 3 1/2 d.; they both denied knowing any thing about it: a proposal was made by one of them, but I cannot tell which, to search the back premises, which was declined. The officer searched under the counter, in which Riddell assisted - among some rags he found a shirt, which was claimed by Walker: no objection was made to that, or any account given of how they became possessed of it; the man then told her to give up the other shirts if she had any; she denied knowing of any: the officer continued to search, and among the clothes of an old bed he found two other shirts; some conversation then took place, and they said they were not married. The officer proceeded to search, and near the place where the man appeared to have been at work, among some old bits of leather and other things was found a fourth shirt, which was partly unripped - I saw the parts put together, and they appeared to form a shirt - they were all claimed by Walker; the woman then said she had given 5 s. and a pint of beer for them, and had bought them of the boy.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it at the latter end of all that they said they were married? A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CARR
               



            . I live in Northampton-street, Battle-bridge; my husband works for Mr. Hulmandell, and generally brought Mr. Walker's linen to me to wash - the prisoner brought no linen to me on the Wednesday; I sent my little girl to inquire about it next day.

(Property produced and sworn to.)
ASPINALL'S Defence. I know nothing of the transaction; my business is quite separate from the other. I never saw the boy till we were taken into custody.
RIDDEL'S Defence. When the officer came into the shop Mr. Aspinall thought it was some person come about harness, and therefore he said he lived there; the officer then said he came for some shirts, but I did not think it was what I had bought on the Wednesday; I thought it had been some I had bought that day; I then took the shirts from the counter myself, and those from the bed - they did not lay hold of any of them till I put them on the counter; I did not form any idea they were stolen when I bought them; the boy said he brought them from his brother, and asked 6 s. for them - I said I would give 5 s. and a pint of beer for himself.


                  SARAH 
                  ALLENFORD
               



            . I live at Enfield, and am the landlady of the house where Mrs. Riddel lives - I let her the shop, and the kitchen under it; the house is let out in tenements - Aspinall rents the kitchen of her; he cuts out his work in the shop, and has men to work in the kitchen. I have known her four years; she has been an honest, sober, steady woman.
GARDINER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
RIDDEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
ASPINALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
