





1277. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, three pairs of boots, value 20 s.; a pair of shoes, value 2 s., and a birdcage, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Ponsonby
               




            .
WILLIAM PONSONBY. I am a shoemaker
, and have a shed in Manor-row, Tower-hill


; my son padlocked it on Friday, the 2d of September, at ten o'clock at night - I went there at a quarter past six next morning, and missed these articles.


                  THOMAS 
                  IBBERSON
               



            . I am a private in the 1st battalion of guards; I was on duty at the one gun battery, in the Tower, on Saturday morning, the 3d of September, at five o'clock; it is opposite to the court where this shed is - I saw three men go across Tower-hill, one of them had a black coat and top boots on - they went to the shed, and one of them attempted to break in; a second then tried - the third man then pulled something out of his pocket, and the door opened - two of them then went in, but the man with the top boots stood outside. I went on Monday morning, and gave what description I could of their dress, but I had not seen their faces. I could not swear that the prisoner is the man who had the top boots on, but he is like him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a waterman. I was standing at my own door, No. 5, Providence-street, Commercial-road, on Saturday week; the prisoner came by with three or four birds in a cage, one of them was a goldfinch; I bought one of the canary birds of him, for 2 s. 6 d.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I heard of the robbery on Monday morning, and from the description given of the person, I went to the prisoner's house, in Baker-street, Commercial-road, about ten o'clock at night; I waited till two, when he came home with a black coat and top boots on, as he has been described - the bird cage was in the parlour, and those boots which he said were his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I was with Lee. I searched him, and found three bunches of keys - this one opens the door of the shed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at my own door - a young man came along the street with three canaries and a goldfinch, which he asked me to buy - he said he wanted 17 s. for them - I said it was too much; he then said he had a pair of boots which he would sell for 7 s., or I should have the whole for 22 s. I said I would give him 1 l. for them, but he would not take it. I then borrowed 1 s. of a lodger to pay the money.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PERRING
               



            . I am housekeeper to the prisoner. I have lived with him five months; I saw him buy these goods of a person at the door, on Saturday week, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning - he went up stairs and asked Mrs. Stevens to lend him 1 s. to buy some birds. I and Mrs. Stevens went down - we saw the three canaries and a goldfinch, in a cage, and a pair of boots - he gave a sovereign and 1 s. for them.


                  MARY 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Stevens
               



            , a coachman. I have heard what the last witness has stated - it is true - I lent the prisoner 1 s.
COURT. Q. Did you come down? A. Yes, and saw the prisoner give the money, and also saw the man give him the three canaries, the goldfinch, the cage, and the boots; he is a dealer - he buys clothes for his mother, and brother in the country. I did not see him try the boots on.
Q. What sort of a man was it who sold them? A. He was a shortish man with a fustian jacket and velveteen trousers. The prisoner owns the house, and I have lodged there about two months. My husband is a groom, but generally follows the coach business. On the Saturday night the prisoner came home soon, and went to bed, as far as I can recollect, about ten o'clock, and was in bed at half-past seven the next morning. He occupies the two parlours and the kitchen. I believe the birds all died on the Saturday - he has borrowed money of me several times.
CHARLES STEVENS. I have heard what my wife has stated - it is true - I saw all this transaction - the man had a fustian jacket on, but I do not know what trousers - I am not aware whether the prisoner has any top boots or not.
ELIZABETH PERRING re-examined. Q. Are you a regular servant to the prisoner? A. Yes; I saw the bargain - it was a man with a fustian jacket on - I never saw my master make a bargain before - he does sometimes wear top boots.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
