





301. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, three sow pigs, price 9 l., and one barrow pig, price 6 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Greaves
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Kelly
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Greaves
               



            ; we are scavenger

s, and live at Paddington


 - we had four pigs in our yard, which is walled round. On the 24th of December I was coming out of the counting-house, and met Gordon, who asked me if we had sold our pigs? I said No. He then said there was a cove gone along with them. We went and saw the prisoner driving them about a quarter of a mile off; he turned them across Paddington-green, we went into a public-house to watch him. When he came opposite the house the largest pig ran away, and as he could not overtake it he went on with the other three - we secured him. He said,
"D - n the fellow, do you think I am going to steal your pigs." They were ours.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at Paddington; I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutors' yard with the pigs before him. He drove them about twenty yards; I followed him with Kelly, and secured him. He gave a boy a penny to help him drive them - he was alone at first.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLMES
               



            . On the 24th of December, about half-past twelve o'clock, the prisoner came by Paddington church with four pigs. They wanted to turn back, and he offered me a penny to help him drive them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COATES
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found 30 s. 6 d. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of employ; the pigs ran on the pavement. I took no notice of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
