





392. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     GOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, having three forged notes in his possession, he well knowing them to be forged
            .
Counsel as before.


                  DENNIS 
                  SINCLAIR
               



            . I am waiter at the Newcastle Arms, Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield


. On the 22d of January, the prisoner was in the parlour; a man, named Smith, asked him for the loan of 5 s. I afterwards saw him come into the taproom alone; he had a glass of rum and water, which came to 6 d., and gave me a 1 l. note. I immediately took it to Mr. Lange, at the bar, and told him 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gold
               



             had given it to me, as I had heard Smith call him so. It was not long before he came out, and my master, asked me if that was the man? I said Yes. He went out, came in again, and asked me for the change. I said my master would give it to him, and then went into the taproom.
LUDOWIG LANGE. I keep the house - the prisoner was there; Sinclair brought a 1 l. note out to pay for a glass of rum and water. The prisoner went out, returned in a few minutes, and came before the bar for his change. I asked him where he got the note? he said, over the water, and that he worked for a distiller. I said that it was forged; he gave me 1 s. in silver, and I returned him the note, having marked it with F; he was searched in my house about ten minutes afterwards, and some notes found on him. I sent for a constable, as I found I had another bad note, which I suspected Smith had passed, but he was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a beadle. I was sent for to Lange's, took the prisoner in charge as he came out of the taproom, and said,
"I suspect you have some bad notes about you." I took him in front of the bar, searched him, and found a pocket-book in his waistcoat-pocket, containing five 1 l. notes. I asked him how he got them? he said he would sooner die under the stick (gallows) first, than tell me. Several people came into the watch-house, and among others a Mr. King. The prisoner said to him
"You appear to be a gentleman, I'll tell you how I got them. I picked the pocket-book and notes up on Tower-hill this morning." Soon after Smith was brought in, charged with passing a bad note to Lange. He was telling me how he came by it, but the prisoner called through a hole, and said,
"Smith, if you split I will burst you when you come in;" in consequence of which I took Smith to another watch-house. Next morning the prisoner said he did not know that he had the pocket-book, and if he had, somebody must have put it into his pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . The five notes are all forged in every respect, and off the same plate.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOWE
               



            . I am a signing-clerk. Four of them bear my name, but are not my signature.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know that I had them.



               GUILTY
             Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
