





495. 
               
                  HYAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 1st of February
, of a certain evil-disposed person, one 5l. promissory note, the property of 
                     
                        Mark Oliver 
                        Iron
                     




                  , the said note having then lately before been feloniously stolen, (to wit,) on the same day, the prisoner wellknowing the same to have been stolen, against the statute
            .
MARK OLIVER IRON. I am an upholsterer
, and live at Ipswich, in Suffolk. On the 1st of February I was in Newgate-street, going to the Four Swans, in Bishopsgate-street; I had taken more wine than agreed with me - I was not particularly drunk; I was intoxicated I know - I had been drinking at an Inn in the Haymarket, where I had dined; I do not know what time I came away. I came on to Fleet-market, and got in company with a female, close by the market; she asked me to treat her with a glass of wine; I went into the wine-vaults, and gave her a glass - finding I had no change I took out my pocketbook; I then had seven 5l. notes, of Mills', of Hadley Bank, safe; I had taken the numbers down on the Tuesday before - they were Nos. 70, 636, 327, 816, 1351, 1443, and 4128; the landlord said he would not trouble me to change, but told me to take care and put my pocketbook into my pocket; I did so, and went on to Newgate-street; a person stopped me in Newgate-street, and pulled me about - my pocket-book and its contents were taken - I missed it before I got out of Newgate-street - this was on a Friday. About half-past nine o'clock next morning, the 1st of February, I saw one of the notes - I lost it on Thursday night, the 31st of January, after twelve o'clock, I mean - I saw it at the coach-office of the Four Swans; I had stated when I got to the inn that I had been robbed, and in the morning I went to Messrs. Hankey's, where they were payable, and stopped the payment of them, just as they began business; at half-past nine o'clock that morning I found the prisoner in custody in the coach-office, with the note No. 327; he said he had taken it of a person for a watch that morning - I did not hear him say where. The Hadley coach puts up at the Four Swans. I have not found any other note.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ever go by the name of Hevens? A. No. I recollect perfectly well having my pocket-book and notes that night; I had dined at the John O'Groat, in the Haymarket; I went there about six o'clock; I did not particularly notice at what time I came away: I went straight down the Strand to Fleet-market, and stopped no where; the landlord was in my company part of the time at the John O'Groat - I have known him some years; I paid my bill, but cannot recollect how much it was; I drank nothing but Port - I think there were about three pints among three of us: there was some brandy and water at dinner - I drank very little of that; there was 1s. worth between me and a man who went in with me; I had fallen over some lemon-peel as I went in, and gave him a glass for assisting me; I had no other spirits - this was before dinner; I did not speak to anybody, to the best of my knowledge, till I got to Fleet-market, where a woman spoke to me; I do not recollect going to any house with any female; I will not swear positively whether I did or not; I swear I did not give the notes to anybody. I had been about two days in London; I am not in the habit of walking out at night. I was not so drunk as not to know what I was about; I did not take my pocket-book out to pay for my dinner, as I had a sovereign and some silver in my purse. I know it was about twelve o'clock when I was in Newgate-street, as I heard the watchman call the hour; I will swear I did not drop my pocket-book, for I buttoned it in my pocket; the landlord saw the notes in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTER
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Four Swans, Bishopsgate; Mr. Iron had slept there for two or three nights before he was robbed; I lodge there, and when I came down at seven o'clock in the morning I heard from the servant that he had lost some country notes; I knew he had come by our Ipswich coach, and Hadley notes are commonly circulated there; our house is about four minutes' walk from Messrs. Hankey's. I went to breakfast at eight o'clock, returned to the office as the clock struck nine, and had not been there many minutes before the prisoner came in and presented me this 5l. Hadley Bank note - he was quite a stranger to me; he asked me to give him cash for it, saying he would allow me a shilling in the pound if I would do so; I said No, I knew nothing about the Hadley Bank; seeing it was payable in London was the reason I would not give change for it: he pressed me to change it - I told him he might go to the banker's, it was near enough - he said he would rather allow me the poundage, which he was in the habit of doing on country notes, at coach-offices, and he wished me to have it to get something by it - that he did not want to trouble himself to go the banker's. I thought of Mr. Iron's robbery, and said if he would wait a few minutes that I might make inquiry, I would; I went out at the back door, called Boots, and sent him to Hankey's, to change the note; when I returned to the office the prisoner asked if I had sent to the banker's - I said No, I had sent to a private friend in Bishopsgate-street, who had come from Hadley; he then said, "I will step up to the fishmonger's a little above here, and return in five minutes;" Boots and the prisoner came into the office together - Boots turned round against the counter, as a signal, and I detained the prisoner, told him the note was stolen, and that a gentleman at our house had lost some - he then told the porter and me that we might as well let him go; he did not ask for his note to be returned; I refused, telling him I must clear myself, and give an account how I came by it; I sent for an officer, who took him; Boots left the note at Hankey's - I had not noticed the number, nor mark it; I only know it was a 5l. Hadley note. I saw it again at the Mansion-house, in the possession of Messrs. Hankey's clerk- the prosecutor saw it there.
Cross-examined. Q. You put no mark on it? A. No, nor did Boots, in my presence; I saw it at the Mansion-house about twelve o'clock that day. No Hadley coach comes to our house; the Colchester coach puts up there - it is about four miles from there. I had not seen Irons that morning.
Q. How do you know it was the same note as you saw afterwards? A. I noticed the back of it before I gave it to Boots - there was some small writing on it: I have no hesitation in swearing to it; I noticed a small letter M, for Mr.; I noticed it in order to know it again - I do not know what words were on it; I was busy, and did not notice it so particularly as I might have done; a mark on it would do as well for me to recollect it by as the writing would: I am satisfied it is the same note; I recollect the small writing on the back of it.


                  JOHN 
                  STONE
               



            . I am Boots at the Four Swans. On the 1st of February, a little after nine o'clock in the morning, Shorter gave me a 5l. Hadley note, in the prisoner's presence, but he whispered to me to take it to Hankey's - I took the same note to Messrs. Hankey's directly - I left it with one of the clerks; I returned to the Four Swans, and before I got there I saw the prisoner withing a short distance of the inn - he asked me in the street if all was right - I told him Yes, all was right, and if he would come to the office I would give him his change; he then came into the office: I told him I had an order from the banker's to detain him, as the note was a stolen one, and I must detain him till he could give some account of it - he gave no account then: I left him in the custody of the book-keeper while I sent for an officer - I told him I was going for an officer - he said nothing to that; I did not return to the office till he was in custody; he gave no account in my hearing. I saw the note produced at the Mansion-house by the officer, I think - not by the clerk to whom I gave it.
Cross-examined. Q. It was in the officer's possession at the Mansion-house? A. Yes; I did not see the clerk there - I do not think I should know him again if I saw him. I made no mark on the note. I never saw the prisoner before. I saw Mr. Irons the night before, between twelve and one o'clock, nearer to twelve, when he came home; he was rather in liquor, but had his wits about him.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am a constable of the City. I was fetched to the Four Swans, to take the prisoner in charge; they told me, in his hearing, that a gentleman who lodged there had been robbed of some 5l. country notes; Shorter said the prisoner had presented one to him - that he had sent Boots to the banker's, and it turned out to be one the gentleman had been robbed of, according to the number. I told the prisoner I must take him before the Lord Mayor, and he must explain - I did so; Messrs. Hankey's clerk appeared there, and produced the note; it was given to me when the prisoner was committed; by Mr. Brown, the marshal; I put a mark on it - it is the same note as I received from Mr. Brown, in the presence of the Lord Mayor, and of the prisoner; it is the one he was accused of having received: I produce it.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the clerk here? A. No.
MR. IRON. This note is No. 327, and is one of the seven notes I had in my pocket-book; I received it from the Hadley Bank myself, the day before I came to town.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the others Hadley notes? A. All of them; they had been in circulation before: I cannot say whether there was writing on all of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTER
               



            . I believe this to be the note I had from the prisoner; here is the small writing on the back of it.
Prisoner's Defence. Shorter knows I gave an account of it, and Mr. Cope, the marshal, knows it: I gave an account to every body about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
