






1000. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MALPAS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARR
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, 60 lbs. of copper, value 30 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Andrew John 
                           M'Kenzie
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               A. J. M'Kenzie
            . This copper was fixed to the roof of his store-house, which is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


. On the 22d of April, I found it stripped off, and the prisoners in custody.


                  STEPHEN 
                  EVANS
               



            . On the 22d of April, about one o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise on Mr. M'Kenzie's premises. I went away for a few minutes, returned, and heard it again; I set Anthony to watch, while I fetched more assistance - Palmer went with me to the other end of the premises, and on entering the gateway, I sprung on Malpas, who was kneeling on a piece of copper, in the act of rolling it up, and two or three yards behind, we secured Carr.
Cross-examined by MR. HONE. Q. Carr was not talking to Malpas - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANTHONY
               



            . I am a watchman. I found Malpas in Booth's custody with a piece of copper rolled up, and another half rolled - I found Carr lying on his belly behind some gravel, and a piece of copper about a foot from him; I found two more pieces of copper on the premises, we took them to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. It is an open yard - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I saw Carr behind the gravel, lying on his stomach; he was in the act of rising, when we took him - a large piece of copper lay within eighteen inches of him - I found a knife on him.


                  JOHN 
                  MANDER
               



            . I am a carpenter. I measured the roof, the copper corresponds with it, and was taken from there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARR'S Defence. I went there for a necessary occasion.
MALPAS'S Defence. I was out late and met Carr, we turned up this gateway, and fell over this stuff.
MALPAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
