





2170. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  BATES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 2 fur tippets, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Harris
               




            .


                  LEVY 
                  JACOBS
               



            . On the 14th of October the prisoner brought two fur tippets to my shop for sale; I asked how he came by them - he said he had them to sell, and that he, manufactured them; I asked where he lived - he said in White Horse-court, Cow-cross; I took the tippets, and went to the place - he kept dodging me about for some time; at last we went to the house, and saw two or three women; I asked if he lived there - they said Yes; I asked his trade - they said he was a working smith, and they did not know of his having the tippets; they were astonished on seeing them - he was going to snatch at them, and he did get them from me; people came round, and said I wanted to make a property of him - he then went away into Cow-cross; a friend of mine came up - we went after him, and found him in Cow-cross with the tippets; I took them from him - he followed me through Sharp's-alley to West-street, and there made a stop; a mob gathered - an officer came up, and took him.
JACOB HARRIS I keep a furrier's shop
 in Peter-street


. The officer gave me these tippets at Hatton-gardon - they are mine, and were safe about a quarter-past one o'clock on the 14th of October; I was out of the shop about ten minutes, and then missed them.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a decent young woman in the street, and wanted to sell them to pay my rent; I asked 1l. for them - Jacobs offered 9s., and said if I would not take that he would take me into custody.
LEVY JACOBS. He asked no price - he was beastly drunk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
