





1140. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Dinwiddie
                     



                  , about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 29th of August
 (
                     
                        Ann 
                        Mundel
                     



                   and others being therein), and stealing three petticoats, value 6 s.; nine handkerchiefs, value 1 l.; four pillow-cases, value 3 s.; five shifts, value 10 s.; five towels, value 5 s.; four aprons, value 3 s.; three tablecloths, value 3 s.; four night gowns, value 10 s.; two bolster cases, value 2 s.; two bags, value 6 d.; five napkins, value 2 s.; two dusters, value 4 d., and one pair of stockings, value 6 d., his goods; and one gown-skirt, value 1 s., and two aprons, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Mundell
                        



.


                  ANN 
                  MUNDELL
               



            . I live in Burton-crescent


, and am servant
 to 
               
                  William 
                  Dinwiddie
               



            . On the 29th of September the house was secure, I believe the area gate was locked, and the door latched, but not locked. My sister Frances, was also servant there, she was in the house but no more of the family. I was in the front dining room, I thought I heard a noise, went to the window and saw the prisoner looking down the area, he was outside on the pavement, he looked at me and said something, what I do not know. I went down stairs instantly, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I had seen safe ten minutes before in the room next the area. I am no judge of their value. I found the area gate open, and found the prisoner in custody about a week after with the property. I am sure he is man; he was gone when I came up stairs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANCE
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 29th of August, about four o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Tavistock-square with a bundle, I watched him, he dropped some of the things and did not stop to pick them up, and mended his pace. I followed him down Little Corum-street, and took him in a minute with this property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had only left my mother's house at Islington at a quarter after four o'clock.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of Larceny only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
