






85. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, a coat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Dorrington
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CHESHER
               



            . I am an officer of Norton Falgate. On the 17th of November, about five o'clock, I was passing down Sun-street


, and saw the prisoners in company with another. I watched, and saw them go close behind a truck, which the prosecutor and another were drawing. I saw the one (who is not in custody) take the coat out of the truck, and throw it on the ground. Jones took it up, and tucked it under his arm. I crossed the way, and let them go down Ram-alley, and they met again in Bishopsgate-street. Jones had then got the coat on, and his hands in the pockets. I let them walk together some distance; then went up to Jones, and said, "You have got a coat on that don't seem to fit you; where did you get it?" he said, he had picked it up. I said, "I know you did; but who threw it down?" he denied all knowledge of that - Chapman ran away. I took Jones to the watch-house, and then apprehended Chapman in Long-alley.
JOHN DORRINGTON. I am a labourer
. I was with the truck, and had a coat there. I asked a man with a cart to give me a lift, by tying the truck to the tail - my mate asked me if I had lost my coat - I went round, and found I had. I saw it afterwards at the watch-house on the prisoner, Jones. I had not noticed either of them near the truck.

JONES'S Defence. I was walking down Sun-street, with a young man named Williams. I saw the coat lie in the road - there was a cart and a truck going by - the young man said, "Here is a coat." I took it up, and put it on; and when I got into Bishopsgate-street, the officer met me and stopped me. I told him I found it in Sun-street - we overtook the truck. I said, "Perhaps that is the truck which it was dropped from" - the officer called out "Mate, have you lost any thing;" one of the men said, "I have lost a coat." I said," I have found one; perhaps this is it."
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined One Year
            .
