





418. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     POLACK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, one watch, value 5 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Moore
                  




               
            , spinster
.
ELIZABETH MOORE. I am a single woman. At the latter end of November I lost my watch from my apartments in Upper Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square


. I came out of Drury-lane Theatre, and on getting into a coach my foot slipped, the prisoner and another assisted me into the coach. They heard me tell the coachman to drive first to No. 6, Upper Rupert-street, Haymarket. I was not in my apartments two minutes before the prisoner and the other gentleman came up into my sitting-room; my watch was on the table. I went into the bed-room to take off my spencer, and the other gentleman followed me - I was not there two minutes, and returned to the sitting-room; I then shewed them both down stairs, returned into my room, and missed my watch. They had promised to return in half an hour. I did not see the prisoner again till the 13th of January, when I met him in Oxford-street. I knew him, got an officer, and took him up. I have not recovered my watch.
Q. Why do you accuse him, in preference to the other man - A. I was in the sitting-room all the time the other was; he had no opportunity of taking it without my seeing him.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. You never saw either of them before - A. Never. I am not very often in the habit of seeing strangers. It was on a Saturday night.
Q. What is the house - A. It is an oyster-shop. The private door is always shut.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAN
               



            . I was in Oxford-street; the prosecutrix and another female came to me, and said two men had run round the corner, and one had stolen her watch. The prisoner was pointed out to me, with another person. I followed, stopped him, and said two ladies wanted to speak to him - the prisoner asked for what purpose? I said it was something respecting a watch. The prosecutrix came up and said,
"This is the man who stole my watch!" I took him to Marlborough-street. He wished me to call on his friends - they said they would not come near him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the house - A. I called there by the prisoner's desire. It appears respectable - it is not a brothel.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . On the 13th of January Mr. Dean brought the prisoner to Marlborough-street office. Moore charged him with stealing her watch at the latter end of November, he said he was not in England at the time, for he was just come from Gibraltar, and that a captain in the 64th regiment came home with him. I found a book on him - he said it was a journal which he kept, I found the last entry to be Yarmouth, the 19th of November, which proves he could not be at Gibraltar; I also found letters addressed to him in England before the robbery, in the name of G. T. Polack, Esq. R. N.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutrix fix on the day - A. She said it was on a Saturday, and mentioned the performance she had seen, and we found it was performed on the 27th of November, and on no other night in that month.



               GUILTY
             Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
