






391. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     SMITH
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of March

, one 1 l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Brown
                  



               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. J. Brown, who is a silk-mercer
, and lives in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden



. The prisoner was servant
 to Miss Morris, who has apartments in the house. On Wednesday, the 1st of March, I missed a 1 l. note from the till. Next evening, two new dresses were found in the kitchen, belonging to the prisoner. Next morning I found they were purchased at Mr. Curtis's, in King-street. I found the note in his possession which I had lost. He would not say who he took it of. The shop had been left unlocked that night.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. On the 1st of March I was sent for and took the prisoner. She denied having the note, said she had changed one in St. Martin's-court, but it was not that. Next morning, I went to her and asked her how she could tell such a falsity, for I found the note where she bought the gowns. She cried and said she had taken it out of the till.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BLAZE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Curtis. On the 1st of March the prisoner bought two gowns for 17 s. 6 d. and paid us a note, but I cannot say whether it was that which Pike claims.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
392. 
               
                  LYDIA 
                  SMITH
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March

, eight yards of bombasin, value 1 l.; two sheets, value 12 s.; one pillow-case, value 2 s.; one handkerchief, value 5 s., and one ring, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Morris
                  



               
            .
MISS 
               
                  JANE 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I live at Mr. Brown's; the prisoner was my servant. Eight yards of bombasin were cut off a piece which I had; I could not discover it till the time Mr. Brown lost his note, I then found it in her trunk, made up into a gown - it had been worn. I also found a pocket-handkerchief and the duplicate of a pair of sheets, which were mine.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
