






1071. 
               
                  JESSE 
                  BELL
               





             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  VALLANCE
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, 5 1/2 yards of printed cotton, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Brown
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to William Brown, a linen-draper
, of the Minories


. On the 18th of April the two prisoners came to the shop together, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and asked to look at some Irish linen - they looked at some, and I turned to get some more - my back was not turned more than a minute. Vallance then bought two yards of linen; they left the shop, and I missed a piece of printed cotton from the counter; I knew it had been there an hour before, but I thought it might have been removed. I went out, and brought them back - they had got about twenty yards. I brought them into the shop, and Bell dropped this piece of print from her, which I had seen on the counter.
Prisoner BELL. Q. Was there not a shopman at the door, hanging up prints, and some were on the floor? A. No; he was on the steps, hanging up prints, but they were not on the floor.
COURT. Q. What size shop is it? A. It is a large shop - and the print was taken from the further end. - There were only two articles near the print, which made me remark it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BELL's Defence. I met my fellow prisoner in the street - she asked me to go with her to buy some linen. I never saw any cotton - the man came and tapped us on the shoulder, and said he had lost something - he laughed. We went back, and some cotton was on the floor.
VALLANCE's Defence. I asked her to show me a linen-draper's-shop - we went to the further end of the shop; there were several pieces of linen.
HENRY BROWN re-examined. Q. How near were they together when they returned? A. About two yards from each other, but I know it fell from Bell; a neighbour said"Look out," and I saw it fall from her - I had hold of her arm.
BELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
VALLANCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
