





534. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, three hearth rugs, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Liddle
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LIDDLE
               



            . I live at No. 9, Tottenham-court-road


, and am a rug-maker
. On Saturday, the 19th of February, the prisoner came to my shop, and told me that Mr. Bentley sent his compliments and wished him to send two or three rugs to show a customer; to send the lowest price, and one only would be kept. I knew nothing of him, therefore would not send them by him, but sent them by my man - I am quite sure the prisoner is the person.


                  MATTHEW 
                  NELMES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Liddle; he sent me with the prisoner to Mr. Bentley's, and when we got there, he said he was going to show the rugs to a lady in Thornhaugh-street. We went down Francis-street, towards Thornhaugh-street, at the corner of which we went into a public-house and called for some beer, he asked me to let him have the rugs to show the lady. I parted with them. I waited for him, but as he did not return I suspected him, and went to Mr. Bentley to enquire if all was right. I did not see him till six weeks after, in the custody of 
               Read
             the officer - we have never found the rugs since. I was with him about five minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENTLEY
               



            . I know the prisoner, he formerly worked for me. I am an upholsterer, and he was not in my employ at the time. I never sent him for any rugs to show a lady - I did not see him on that day in the neighbourhood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 2d of April, on another charge - I never found the rugs.
Prisoner's Defence. I never went to Mr. Liddle about any rugs, or know anything of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
