





539. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JEFFRIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, four 1 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a waterman
, and live in Milk-street, Spitalfields. On the 4th of April, about four o'clock in the morning, my wife was taken in labour. I went to fetch her assistance, and on coming up Angel-alley into Wentworth-street


, the prisoner came up, and seized me by the fob, in which I had four 1 l. notes. I insisted on her going away, but she still kept hold of me - two other women were in the court; she took her hand out of my fob. I seized her hand, and she dragged me away up the alley. I still held her hand, and found a 1 l. note in it - she had either dropped the other three or given them to the other women, who were close to her. The watchman secured her.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not accost me - A. I never spoke to her.


                  JAMES 
                  BRIEN
               



            . I heard a scuffle in the alley, and the prosecutor calling out Watch! the prisoner was also calling Watch! and said the man charged her with robbing him, but she had none of his property. He said,
"How can you tell such a lie, for I have just taken this note out of your hand?" The other women were going away; she said she had nothing to do with it. When I came up they were struggling together. The prisoner seemed a little in liquor.


                  JOHN 
                  BOOTH
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. Johnson appeared rather fresh; he said he had been to fetch his wife a nurse.
Prisoner's Defence. It is all false. He gave me the money to hold till he got change,



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
