






2157. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCKLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 20 sovereigns, and eight 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN THOMPSON. I am a sailor
, belonging to a sloop in his Majesty's navy. On the 25th of August, about nine o'clock, I was in Ratcliff-highway


 - I was not quite sober, but knew what I was about - I had twenty sovereigns and eight 5l. Bank-notes, in my pocket - I had been paid off the day before - my money was in a purse in my breast-pocket - they were all safe in the afternoon; when I came out of a public-house, about nine o'clock at night, I met four women - my money was safe then - they said they would take me home - they were leading me home - the prisoners were walking after me - there were more men; the women and men appeared to know each other - the two prisoners laid hold of me; I am sure of that; they made a stop opposite Old Gravel-lane - the woman ran her hand into my bosom - I thought to catch hold of her, but one of the prisoner's laid hold of me across my breast, and the other took hold of my arm - they both held me, and asked me what was amiss - they then gave me a shove into the highway, and ran off the same way as the woman had. I felt her take the purse while they held me - it was on Saturday, the 24th or 25th of August - I went home, and gave information on the Monday or Tuesday - I have not found my money.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHER. Q. How much had you been drinking? A. I had a share of four or five pots of beer - some people sat there - I treated them all as they came in - I was sober enough to walk straight, and know what I was doing - I had seven sovereigns and some silver besides - I know it was safe when I came out of the public-house - I had received it at Somerset-house - I know Catherine White - I had gone out with her between 5 and 6 o'clock - she drank nothing that I know of - I had some beer and a glass of gin or so - I recollect changing a sovereign to pay for liquor while she was with me - a quarrel arose in the house - I took off my jacket, and gave it to her to take care of - she returned it to me - the prisoners followed me all the way from the house - I looked over my shoulder and saw them - the purse was between my shirt and Guernsey frock - I called out that I had been robbed - the prisoners took hold of me the moment the girl took the money - she was convicted last Session.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I am a seaman - I saw Buckley and another man lay hold of the prosecutor when the girl snatched at his money - she ran away with something in her hand, which looked like a purse - Buckley and three other men then ran away after her.
Cross-examined. Q. Had Buckley hold of him? A. One of them had hold of him; they then all ran away after the girls - I do not know that I can swear that I saw Buckley do any thing.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEBBY
               



            . I am a sailor, and was in the highway with Coleman - I saw the girls; one of them had hold of the prosecutor's right hand, and one of his left - four young men came behind - I saw one of the women put her hand into his bosom, draw something brown out, and put it into her bosom - he called out "I am robbed" - she gave him a shove and ran off, and one of the men took hold of him - there were four of them - Smith was one - I had seen him once before.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Buckley? A. I had not seen him before, but think I recollect his face - he was behind, and told the girl to take it home - I did not see him do any thing - the prosecutor walked very well.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am married - I was with Thompson in the public-house, and saw him have the money there - I saw the notes in his purse - he took it out of his pocket, and went out - I know nothing of the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he very drunk? A. He was drunk.


                  JAMES 
                  LILL
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoners at Astley's on the 25th of September - I found on Buckley a half-crown and a shilling: and this pocket-book was found in Smith's pocket, but no money in it - here is on a piece of paper in it, "Buckley, 3l. 8s." - I found some cards in the pocket-book.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY SCOTT
               



            . I am a clerk in the Navy Pay-office. On the 24th of August I paid Thompson 60l. in cash and notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am an officer - I apprehended Jacobs, who was tried last Session; I afterwards found the prisoners in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  WAYLING
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of September, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I was with my wife, passing near St. George's church, in the Borough, and saw the two prisoners standing with other persons; I knew Buckley was wanted; I went and took him, and took him into a public-house; Smith and several others attacked me, and rescued him from me.
BUCKLEY's Defence. I was taken on a charge of changing a 5l. note at the Bank; the cashier said neither of us were the men; I am innocent of this robbery.
SMITH's Defence. I had been travelling with a company of comedians; I met Buckley at the theatre, and we were taken; the prosecutor said he did not know us; I was seventy miles off at the time, but cannot bring witnesses.
BUCKLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Life
            .
