





94. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BLAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 ribbon, value 2d., and 1 key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Finlay
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT FINLAY. I am steward on board of His Majesty's ship, Huzza
, which was paid off at Chatham about a month ago. On the 1st of December, between twelve and one o'clock, I was with a shipmate, and met the prisoner at Charing-cross with another girl - they stopped, and asked us for something to drink - my shipmate knew them both before he went to sea; it was too late to give them drink - we went home with them to Duck-lane, Westminster


 - just before we got there, my shipmate stopped - they said he knew where to come, and we might as well walk on; we went to No. 20, Duck-lane - the prisoner and I went up to a room on the second - floor - the other girl followed us - in two minutes I asked her where my shipmate was - she wished us good night, saying she would go and look for him - we went to bed; I put my watch under my pillow - the prisoner said that was a safe place to put it - the door was shut, but not locked - she then said she was thirsty, and must go down to the first-floor for some water - she went, and staid some time - I felt for my watch, and it was gone; I had not been asleep, and am certain no other person was in the room after I put it there; I went down to the watchman, who searched the room, but could not find it; she was afterwards taken- I was perfectly sober, and am certain she is the girl.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman, and have known the prisoner by sight some time. On the 1st of December I was in Orchard-street, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor in company, at half-past twelve o'clock; I called the hour, and saw them go into No. 20, Duck-lane - the prosecutor came out soon after, and said he had lost his watch - he was quite sober.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am patrol of St. James's. The prisoner was given into my charge last Sunday.
Prisoner's Defence. If I was to die this minute, I never saw that man before - when I was taken, he said it was not me, but a girl named Jane.


                  ROBERT 
                  FINLAY
               



            . I never said so: when I told the watchman, he said it was a girl called Gipsey Nan - I had given her money - she went away half dressed, leaving her petticoat and stays behind her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
