






1066. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COATES
               




             and 
               
                  THEOPHILUS 
                  BELLIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT BROWN. On the 21st of May I was in Princes-street, Soho


 - a person came up to me, and pointed out two persons at a distance; I felt in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I pursued, and came up with the prisoner Coates in Little Pulteney-street; I charged him with having taken the handkerchief - he denied it. I said I should take him to the watch-house; he consented to go, but almost immediately ran away; he was pursued, and taken shortly afterwards - it was not found.

Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was it before you came up with him? A. About ten minutes; he had a companion, but I cannot tell whether it was the other prisoner or not.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RADFORD
               



            . I saw the prisoners in Princes-street - I saw Bellis take a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Coates; they then went through George-court to Coventry-street; I followed through Great Mary-le-bone-street, and then to Little Pulteney-street, with the prosecutor, who stopped them - they denied it. I saw them again on the Wednesday week, at the office, and knew them again; I had not seen Coates before; he was searched, but no handkerchief was found on him. I had kept them in view till they were taken, but I was about one hundred yards behind them.


                  ROBERT 
                  WALMSLEY
               



            . On the 21st of May I took Coates, as he was going into his mother's house, about four o'clock.
COATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BELLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
