





2042. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 3 half-sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, 5 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gravenor
                  




               
            .
JAMES GRAVENOR. I am a weaver
. On the 17th of October, between one and two o'clock in the day, I met the prisoner and another in Whitechapel - I was sober; they asked me to treat them with something to drink - we went to a wine-vaults at the corner of George-street, and had a quartern of gin; they then invited me to go home -I went home with the other girl, not the prisoner; we went up stairs into a room - I had then three half-sovereigns, three half-crowns, and some shillings, which I shifted into my coat pocket, and pulled my coat off; the prisoner was not there then, but in a few minutes I turned round, and saw the prisoner with my coat in her hand, going down stairs - I went to go after her, and the other girl who was in the room took hold of me, shut the door, and kept me till the prisoner got out; I then got down, and went into the street in my shirt-sleeves - I went about twenty yards; the prisoner called me, put my coat on the step of a door, and ran away laughing; I took the coat, and missed all the money but 6d.; I went to Lambeth-street, described her, and she was taken that day week - I am positive she is the girl; I have not got any of the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am an officer. Gravenor de-described the prisoner to me; I had seen her about Whitechapel before - I met her in Shoreditch, and took her to the office; I put her with several women, and the prosecutor pointed her out - I had looked for her where I had been accustomed to see her, and could not find her.
Prisoner's Defence. I had only just come out of fourteen days' imprisonment, and had not been in Whitechapel at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
