






1214. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NASH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of October
, six fixtures, that is, six locks, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wallis
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house of his
            .


                  MARY 
                  GOOGH
               



            . On the 25th of October last, I was servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wallis
               



            , who had a house to let at No. 17, Gloster-place, Camden-town


. Between twelve and one o'clock. Nash knocked at our door, and asked the rent of the house, No. 17, Gloster place. I told him - he then asked if he could have a sight of it. I said yes, and gave him the key - it was a little distance off. I followed him to the house - he had got in before I got there, and shut the door. I did not see him go in. I gave a doubleknock, and he came down - both the prisoners came out - he shut the door and gave me the key, and asked me whose house it was; I said Mr. Wallis's, (there was a bill up to let it) - he asked what time he could see Mr. Wallis. I said nine o'clock in the morning was the best time. He asked about the taxes - I said Mr. Wallis would inform him. He came out of the gate down the road, and crossed the fields towards Sommer's-town. I went into the house, and found a lock taken off the door, and laid on the drawing room stairs. I found the locks taken off all the doors, and put in a bag in the house - there were six in all. None were carried out of the house, but some of the handles were gone. They both went away together. I was in the house about a week before - the locks were all fixed then.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. The house was only kept single locked. - A. No: I had not shewn the house to anybody, as a family had just left - Mr. Palmer had it before. I got to the house in less than ten minutes after them. I sent a man after them on finding the locks off.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BITTLE
               



            . Googh alarmed me, and desired me to follow the prisoners, who were about fifty yards off. I followed them near half a mile, and took them, with Fletcher's assistance - they were together. I saw Johnson throw a lock and some brass away. I picked up the brass - the lock was picked up and given to me. Some other things were picked up.


                  PETER 
                  WHITEHAIR
               



            . I had these things in my possession till December, and then gave them to Mr. Wallis. I found a screw driver on Johnson.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . On the 25th of October I was at work in my garden - heard a cry of stop thief - looked round and saw the prisoners running violently. When they came up to me, I saw Johnson throw several things from his pockets. I dont know what they were, one thing looked like a watch. I called out, "It is all over with you, for you may depend upon it I'll have you." He jumped over a ditch into my garden, and then over a hedge; - his foot slipped, and he fell. I saw him throw some screws from his pocket - I seized him, and Bittle took Nash - we took them to the watch-house - returned, and in the way they ran a bell pull was found.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALLIS
               



            . The house belongs to me. Googh had to let it. The locks were fixed to the doors - the carpenter who compared them is not here - the house is in St. Pancras parish.
Cross-examined. Q. Are the houses yours. - A. They are.
NASH'S Defence. I wanted a house. The servant said I could see her master at nine o'clock. I said I could not be there so early, and would call to-morrow. I locked the door, and gave her the key.
NASH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
