





Before Mr Sargeant Arabin.
1880. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILMOT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 1 necklace, value 30s., and 1 pair of ear-rings, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Cohen
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Emanuel 
                        Godfrey
                     



.
EMANUEL GODFREY. I am nephew of Samuel Cohen, an importer of coral
, who lives in the Strand


. The prisoner came into his shop one Friday, in August 1825 - my aunt was serving in the shop - he said he wanted to purchase a few articles in jewellery - he looked out a pair of ear-rings and a coral necklace; I think my aunt knew him; he then said he had no cash about him, but if I would go with him to Exeter-street, he would give me the money - I think they came to 44s.; my aunt desired me to carry the articles - I was to receive the money before I parted with them - she said so before the prisoner; I went with him till he came to a very genteel looking house, where he took the property, and went up-stairs - he came down in a few minutes, and said he had no change in the house, but he would go to his uncle's and get change; he asked me, in the meantime, to walk up-stairs into the garret - I went up and staid an hour and a half, but he did not return; I should not have parted with them, if I had not believed that he would have brought down the money - he told me he would bring it down; I have made inquiries at the house, and there was no such a person as Joseph Wilmot lived there, but a woman in the garret knew him.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the person? A. No, I gave the goods to the person at the door, and he was very much like you - he was a quarter of an hour in the shop; I heard him talk to my aunt - I believe the prisoner is the man.


                  CATHERINE 
                  COHEN
               



            . My husband keeps this shop in the Strand. On a Friday, in August 1825, a person, who, I believe, was the prisoner, or very much like him, came to the shop, and asked for a cut coral necklace, and earrings, which came to 44s. - my nephew took the goods, and I gave him a charge in the presence of the prisoner, to bring the money back - I knew the prisoner before - he had lived with a pawnbroker three years before, but I had not seen him since that - he was a lad when I knew him - I have not much doubt that he is the man, he looks very much like him - the person who came and dealt for the articles was the person I had known so long before - I have been sworn on the Old Testament, and I have no doubt the prisoner is the person - though I knew him, I would not have parted with my goods, but for ready money - my husband described his person to Mr. Jonas.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONAS
               



            . I am a tailor and draper, and live at No. 446, Strand - Mr. Cohen described the prisoner to me, and said, he had formerly lived at Mr. Newby's, the pawnbroker, in Drury-lane - I had known him for five years, and have no doubt whatever that he is the man - I met him on the 23d of September last, in the Strand - he called me by name - I said, he had been acting very wrong to my neighbour; he said, "About Cohen's ear-rings?" I said, Yes, and he should go with me there - he said it was of no use, he had no money, but if I would go with him to a place he described, he would give it me - I went with him nearly there, and then he said he would go to another place and get it - I went on till I met an officer, and then gave charge of him: Mrs. Cohen made no difficulty in saying he was the man.


                  ROSELIA 
                  STOCKDALE
               



            . I live in Exeter-street. A young man came to my house about this time, and my servant opened the door to him - he asked if Mrs. Black was at home; she said, Yes: I came out of the kitchen and saw him going up-stairs - I said to the servant, "Who is that?" she said, "A person for Mrs. Black." I afterwards saw Godfrey up-stairs, and asked him in; he waited some time there - I believe the prisoner is the person who came, but I cannot swear to him - I had never seen him before.


                  ANN 
                  BLACK
               



            . I lodged in the third floor at Mrs. Stockdale's. I knew the prisoner - he came on the day in question, but I do not know for what purpose - I think he had called before, and knew that I lived there. I did not hear about the ear-rings for two or three days afterwards.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRIECE
               



            . I am an officer. I took up the prisoner about a month ago - as we were going to the watch-house, he said it was hard if he could not get over Mother Cohen.
Prisoner's Defence. I have known Jonas for seven years. The day I was taken, I accosted him; he asked if I was not afraid to walk about - I said, "What for?" and he said, if I would pay him for the ear-rings, it would be all right. I had heard of the robbery before that - I saw it was his view to get money, and I did not deny it, but kept him in conversation, and when we had been some distance, I said I would go to Mr. Cohen's, which I did - I believe Jonas's character is not very honourable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
