





1362. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, one watch, value 20 s.; one piece of ribbon, value 1 d., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cornelius
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CORNELIUS
               



            . On the 25th of September I was in Piccadilly


, near the corner of St. James's-street - a procession was going to the Queen - I was surrounded by a number of persons, and my watch snatched from my pocket. I believe the prisoner to be the man who took it. I saw it in the prisoner's hand, seized him round the body, he was rescued from me, and the prisoner was taken directly.


                  FRANCIS 
                  RHIND
               



            . I was with the officers, and saw the prisoner with a gang of twenty or thirty persons surround the prosecutor - I saw him very busy in front of the prosecutor, and laid hold of him; the gang rescued him; I seized him, they kicked and knocked me about. If the officers had not come up I should have been killed.


                  EDWARD 
                  RHIND
               



            . I was there, saw the gang, and heard the prisoner call out stall round - which means, to surround the person - they closed round the prosecutor, he seized the prisoner, I rushed in, and saw the watch-ribbon in his hand.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I confirm Rhind's statement.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
