






537. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERRY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, one snuff-box, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ellis Shipley 
                           Lobb
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. E. S. LOBB. I am a hosier
, and live in Cheapside. On Monday morning, the 26th of March, I was at the Cheapside end of Newgate-street


, going towards Holborn, a gentleman gave me information, I felt in my pocket, and missed my snuff-box, which I had put there at breakfast time. I had not perceived the prisoners near me. I found it at Bow-street two or three days after.
CHARLES READ. I am an officer. On the 26th of March, between twelve and one o'clock, I was coming along Lincoln's Inn-fields, and saw the prisoners coming towards me - as they shunned me, I laid hold of Griffiths, and began to search his pockets - Perry immediately ran away; I left Griffiths, and followed him, crying Stop thief! a baker attempted to stop him, but he knocked him down. I secured him without losing sight of him. He said he had merely met Griffiths.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. You found nothing on him - A. No; he did not throw the box away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Golding, of Temple-place, Blackfriars. I was walking with Read, he laid hold of Griffiths, and Perry ran off; Read let Griffiths go, and I laid hold of him - in less than a minute after he put his hand in his coat pocket, and threw the snuff-box over the rails, into the garden; when Read came up I gave Griffiths to him, I then got over into the garden, and picked it up.
Prisoner GRIFFITHS. Q. Did you keep hold of me allthe time - A. Yes; he was walking away - I collared him immediately that Read let him go. He threw the box away after I collared him.
GRIFFITHS. Q. Did I not say I would go quietly with you - A. No, he said he would not go.
WILLIAM BENNETT. I am a leather-dresser. I was passing near Gate-street, and saw the prisoners running; I followed, and saw Barton detain Griffiths - I saw Griffiths throw something over into the garden; Barton got over and brought the snuff-box. Perry was stopped in Holborn.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PERRY'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
GRIFFITHS'S Defence. I am innocent.
PERRY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
GRIFFITHS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
