





London Cases, before Mr. Recorder.
195. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WHEATLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sharpless
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SHARPLESS
               



            . I live at Mill-hill, Hendon. On the 31st of October, about a quarter past one o'clock, I was passing through Smithfield, and in St. John-street


, an officer informed me my pocket was picked. I found my handkerchief, which I had just before, in his hand, and the prisoner in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Had you seen him near you - A. No. I felt something at my pocket a moment before.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARL
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Webb, of Charter-house-lane, I was going into Smithfield, and saw Mr. Sharpless coming towards me, and the prisoner behind him, I saw him take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, I told Mr. Sharpless, and called Stop thief, he was taken near Cloth-fair, and he threw it down.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first see him - A. At Smithfield-bars, he took it out on this side of Charter-house-lane, which is in the City.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming towards the Old Bailey, and saw the prisoner with two more, (one a boy) in his company. I saw the handkerchief come from the pocket, but cannot say who took it, the prisoner run and threw it away; I picked it up and secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them speak to each other - A. They were close together; I suspected they were in company; I knew him before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  HARKER
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the alarm, and caught the prisoner who was running away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
