





1566. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 5 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Mudd
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM MUDD. I am a tailor
, and live in St. Helena-place. On the 13th of August, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock at night, I was going from Sadler's-well, to the top of Rosamond-street


 - the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to go with her; we got into conversation for about three minutes; she was throwing her arms about my waist - she then turned off from me, and though at first she wanted money, she did not then ask for any; I had taken liberties with her, and had not paid her, but I was to have done so; as she was turning away, I put my hand into my pocket, and missed one sovereign, two half-crowns, and five-shillings, from my left-hand waistcoat pocket - I seized her arm - a sovereign and a shilling were left; I asked her to give me my money - she denied having it - I took her to the watch-house, and stated to the night constable what I had lost; she said she would soon show what money she had - put her hand in her pocket, and pulled out the two half-crowns and five shillings; the officer told her to put her hand into her pocket again - she did so, and pulled out three penny pieces and between them was the sovereign.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARKHAM
               



            . I am an officer, and was in the watch-house when Mudd brought the prisoner; he thought at first he had one shilling more, but he recollected afterwards he had spent a shilling; the prisoner said she had had good luck that night, and would soon show what money she had; she pulled out two half-crowns, five shillings, and a sixpence, and said that was all she had; I said, "Come, now I must have a search;" she put her hand into her pocket again, and pulled out 3d., and between them was the sovereign, which she said she did not know she had, but gentlemen were in the habit of giving a sovereign, instead of a shilling, in the dark.
Prisoner's Defence. This man was in the company of two women - he left them and came to me - he took me up a court and offered me a shilling, which I took, and put into my pocket; he wanted to take very indecent libertles with me - I would not let him, and he gave charge of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
