





964. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  TEE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 55lbs. of cheese, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pettifer
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTT
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Henry-street, Pentonville. The prisoner lived with Mr. Buley, of Newgate-market, who is an egg-merchant - he was in the habit of coming to me twice a week with eggs - on the 16th of December he came with seven cheeses in a cart - he had left three cheeses on the 9th - he sold the ten to me at 80s. per cwt., which was a fair price - he said he would call for the money when he returned; I paid 19l. 19s. 8d. for them; he said he sold them for a person who was short of money, and that they came from Pickford's wharf; I did not ask him the person's name; I conduct the business for my aunt; I called on Mr. Pettifer, and saw some cheeses there like them; I formerly lived with Pettifer two years.
HENRY PETTIFER. I live at No. 244, High-holborn


, and am a cheesemonger
. I have known the prisoner seven or eight years, and have dealt with his master for the last six; in December, last year, I had one hundred and fourteen Cheshire cheeses in - my shop was very full, and had some trouble to place them; I placed four at the door to show, as they were fine old cheeses; I went out, and on my return I found three were missing, although none had been sold; I could not find them any where, until March last, when I found some in the shop of Mrs. Butt, of Pentonville; Butt said he had purchased ten of the prisoner; I found one of them with my own mark on it; I could not swear to the others which were not marked; here is one of the cheeses which I put on the tub at the door in December.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Had you a brother living with you at that time? A. Yes; the prisoner never came to me, and told me what my brother had done about cheese; I did not see the prisoner in my shop about the time I missed them to my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETTIFER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. I am now in custody - I know the prisoner - there was a conversation between us about cheeses; I at first gave the prisoner one cheese, on account of his large family - after that he enticed me to give him another; he was always asking for another; I gave him twelve cheeses of my brother's altogether; he came up in a morning before the shop was open, to carry three away - he helped me to remove them; he said if I would let him have them he would let me have half the money they sold for - I only got from 8l. to 9l. - this was from December to March last; I did not say any thing to my brother about it; he at last asked me if I was not troubled in my mind, and then I told all about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. You say you gave the prisoner twelve cheeses in all? A. Yes; he used to come with a cart to fetch them away; he used to be in the cart sometimes, and I gave them to him; I was taken into custody about this, and have been confined ever since.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner into custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
