





879. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SCOTT
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS WILLIAM AUGUSTUS 
                  DOUBLEDAY
               




            . I am a coal-merchant
, and live at Pimlico. The prisoner came into my service in February, 1827; he was entrusted to receive monies for me, which he was to enter in this book which I produce.


                  JOHN 
                  VASEY
               



            . I am a licensed victualler, and live in Rupert-street, St. James'. I dealt with the prosecutor for coals; on the 11th of September last I paid the prisoner 12l. 18s. for Mr. Doubleday - he gave me this receipt.


                  VINCENT 
                  CUTMORE
               



            . I keep an eating-house in Carlisle-street, Soho-square. On the 3d of November I paid the prisoner 12l. for Mr. Doubleday - he wrote this receipt and gave it me.


                  ANDREW 
                  HAYDON
               



            . I am a baker, and deal with Mr. Doubleday. I paid the prisoner five guineas for him on the 7th of November - he gave me this receipt, but I did not see him write it.
MR. DOUBLEDAY. On the 11th of September the prisoner paid me no money, but on the 12th he paid me 10l., for Mr. Vasey; on the 3d of November he has entered 10l., for Mr. Cutmore, and on the 24th he paid me 2l. for Mr. Haydon; he has never accounted to me for the balance: he left me on the 8th of December - I had spoken to him a day or two before, respecting an account which was incorrect, and he left me on that day, without notice. On the 10th of December I received a long letter from him, begging me to take him again into my service, and offering to allow part of his wages to pay me the money.
The prisoner put in a written Defence. stating that if there was any deficiency in his accounts, it was owing to his being compelled to drink at different public-houses, in order to get orders - that he was frequently intoxicated, and might have been robbed when so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
