





767. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HUTCHINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 1 coat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Bernard
               




            , Esq., commonly called Viscount Bernard
.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Darby - he lives in the Grand Junction-road


. When I left the shop on the 9th of March, about half-past three o'clock, I saw the prisoner and two other persons standing between two stacks of bricks, examining the pockets of a livery coat - I asked what they were doing, and they said nothing - I said, "You have stolen that coat;" they said they had not, and the other two ran away; the prisoner had got his hand in the pocket of the coat, and could not get it out - he then brought it to me, and ran away. I made inquiries, and found whose it was; I left it at a public-house - the prisoner came afterwards, in company with another person, and demanded it - I said I would not give it up till I knew the owner; the strange man said it belonged to the prisoner's father; I then said I would go to the public-house, and give it them; I took them there, and locked them in the back parlour while I went for a beadle - while I was gone they got out of the parlour; I called Stop thief! and they were stopped by the beadle.


                  JAMES 
                  COCHRANE
               



            . I am the parish beadle. I heard the cry of Stop thief! about five o'clock on the 9th of March; I followed, and stopped the prisoner and another man. I had heard of the coat being found before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am groom to Lord Bernard - he lives at No. 3. Connaught-place. This is my livery coat, and is Lord Bernard's property - I had seen it safe in the harness-room, opposite the house, about three o'clock on the 9th of March; I missed it at five - it had been drawn out at the window, with a hooked stick.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by the side of the canal, and a chap asked me if I would have the coat - I said Yes, and took it; I was going on the other side of the bricks, and the gentleman came and asked where I got it; I said I had it given to me; I thought I would come and ask for it again, as I had it given to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
