





1518. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WETHERSTONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, 1 turbot, value 10s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas Hill 
                  Freeman
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL FREEMAN
               



            . I am a retail fishmonger
. At half-past four o'clock last Monday morning I was away from my stall for about ten minutes; on returning I missed a turbot, which weighed about 6 lbs.; I inquired of my lad, who said he knew nothing about it - I inquired of an officer of the market, he brought it back in about ten minutes; I have sold it for 10s. 6d. - by what I understand, the prisoner is a night patrol of Tooley-street
.
Prisoner. Q. Was the turbot the officer gave you the one you lost? A. I cannot swear to it, it was as near the size as possible; I told Mr. Rangecroft I was very well satisfied that I got my turbot back; I did not say I did not wish to hurt you - I said so to your father.


                  JESSE 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I was in the market; I saw the prisoner, with Benn and Hamilton, near the prosecutor's stall - I knew them before; I heard Benn say "Go on, it is all right;" they were all together some few yards from the stall - Hamilton had the turbot then.
Prisoner. Q. Were they standing is a position to see me take the fish? A. I cannot tell that; I did not tell the Lord Mayor that they must have seen you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN BAILEY
               



            . I am a fellowship porter. I was near Freeman's stall, and saw the prisoner take the turbot - I was about two yards from him; I saw no one with him - he walked away with it; I was not there when Freeman returned, but upon my oath he is the man who took the turbot - I cannot say what time it was.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see Benn and Hamilton? A. No; I had a load on my head, and I did not know but the owner had sent for it.


                  JOHN 
                  RANGECROFT
               



            . I am constable of the market. I saw the prisoner with the turbot in his hand, at the top of the stairs, five or eight yards from the stall - it was a quarter before five o'clock in the morning; it was a middling sized turbot - I did not see him take it, and was not aware but that it was his own; I afterwards heard Mr. Freeman had lost one.
Prisoner. Q. What was the conversation that took place between you and Mr. Goludham? A. I pointed out the prisoner, and said "That is the man who had the turbot in his hand," and Bailey saw him take it; I wished to take him then, but Mr. Freeman said "No, we will wait till he has something on him."
Prisoner. Q. You say I was on the stairs, and one of the witnesses says I walked away? A. I was on the dumb-lighter, and saw you with the turbot in your hand, towards the water-side.


                  RICHARD 
                  BENN
               



            . I am an officer of the market. I know Hamilton and the prisoner; I was on duty at five o'clock on Monday morning; the prisoner and Hamilton came up; we passed the compliment of the day, and Hamilton said he should like a little bit of fish for breakfast; the prisoner said he would get him a bit, and it passed on for some minutes - the prisoner then went away, and Hamiltonsaid to me "Will you stand a drop of gin?" I said "No. it is your treat this time;" he said "Very well, we will go and have a drop:" we went into the public-house, and the prisoner came up with a fish, but what fish it was upon my oath I do not know; it was a plaice or a small turbot - I was not going to breakfast upon it, and I did not pry into it, knowing him to be an officer; when I came out of the public-house, and went round the market, Mr. Freeman told me of his loss - I then thought that was the fish, but I was lost for a moment to think that I should be in company with the thief; Fox gave me the fish: I have been four weeks in the market - I did not tell Mr. Freeman what I had seen; I thought I knew where it was, and when I returned the fish, I said I had every reason to believe the prisoner was the man.
Prisoner. Q. What conversation took place between you and Mr. Fox, the landlord, when he delivered up the fish? A. I went to the George and said, "Mr. Fox give me that fish as I suspect there is something wrong"- he gave it me; I took it to Mr. Freeman - there was no other conversation; when there was a stir made about it, I thought it was a turbot - Mr. Goldham gave me no orders, and knowing you were a night patrol of St. Olave's, I thought you were honest; you were gone when I got the fish back.


                  GEORGE 
                  FOX
               



            . I am landlord of the George, Billings-gate. On the morning in question, Benn and Hamilton came into my house, and Hamilton gave me a bundle tied up in a handkerchief; I put it on the seat - I thought it was a fish; it was about 6 lbs. weight - they had some gin and bitters, for which Hamilton paid; Benn came and fetched the fish away on a stick, in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say before the Lord Mayor that Benn saw the fish fly? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GOLUDHAM
               



            . I was at Billingsgate market


, and heard that my officer was as bad any body else; this roused my feelings, and I gave my officer orders to take the man - when he saw him on the Tuesday morning, he came and knocked me up; I got up and went down, but the moment my door was open, some one gave the prisoner notice, and he was out of the market; in two days afterwards, I went down in disguise, pounced upon him, and took him; I sent for another officer, and found there was more than one concerned in it - Hamilton is an officer of Union-street, and Benn has been lately appointed; the prisoner is a patrol in Tooley-street.
EDWARD HAMILTON. I am an officer of Surrey.
Prisoner. Q.Do you think a person in my circumstances could afford to make you a present of a turbot? A. Certainly not: I knew nothing of its being stolen -Benn brought me my handkerchief the same morning; I did not see you at the Surrey theatre on Tuesday night, to the best of my recollection.
Prisoner's Defence. I can assure you I was at this time, in a state of intoxication - these men made a tool of me: I had no occasion to do such a thing - my friends could afford to keep me, if I had no situation; I did not attempt to conceal it - I ran about the market like a drunken fool; there were a hundred persons in the public-house, and if they had acted like friends, they would have returned it to the man, and there would have been an end of it; but they kept it till they were obliged to give it up, and then come against me - if I am detained in prison, I shall be obliged to resort to what I have now done in a drunken frolic, to get a living.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
