





1550. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 trowel, value 1s., and 1 hammer, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Newth
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 trowel, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Vankwell
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWTH
               



            . I am a plasterer

, and was at work in the Five-fields, Chelsea


, on the 8th of August - I left a trowel and a hammer there - when I went on Monday, the 10th, they were gone. and a number of other tools; these are mine, and this other trowel is my partner John Vankwell's; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  SOUTHERWOOD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 21st of August I heard some tools had been taken from a house in Elizabeth-street; the prisoner had been given to me by a private watchman, on a charge of stealing some other tools; he said he did not steal them but his brother did, and sold them to Kitchen; I went to the prisoner's mother's, who said he had a younger brother, who has since been punished; the prisoner told me, that Kitchen told him his brother had stolen them; I went and found Kitchen at work; I said I wanted the plasterers' tools; he denied having any; I said I had witnesses to prove it - and then he went into a foundation and got them out; he said he had them from Tintar, which is the name the prisoner and his brother go by; I took him to the prisoner, who said, "My brother gave me the tools."
Prisoner's Defence. I was up at Paddington walking with Kitchen - my brother and another boy called me; my brother said he had got two trowels and a hammer; there had been a fight at Chelsea, and he picked them up and a piece of bread with them, which he eat; I took the tools to Kitchen - he said the trowels were worth 1s. a piece and the hammer 9d.; I said he should have them for that - he put his hand into his pocket and took out the money; I gave it to my brother.


                  JOHN 
                  SOUTHERWOOD
               



            . Kitchen said he bought the tools on the Sunday about ten days before I saw him, and the prisoner had sold them to him - the prisoner's mother took some other tools back to the prosecutors, which had been taken at the same time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
