






302. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BENNETT
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WORTLEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, seven muslin dresses, value 3 l., and two wrappers, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Highfield
               



            .
2d COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lainson
               



             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lainson
               



            .
JOSIAH HIGHFIELD. I am a Deptford carrier
. A parcel was delivered to me from Messrs. J. and H. Lainson's, at Rotherhithe, on the 22d of December - it was to go to Mr. Daris, in Newgate-street. I put it inside the cart. I did not stop till I got to London. I then went round the west end of the town, and stopped at several places. I stopped first in Drury-lane


 - I sat on the front of the cart, and no one could have got in without my seeing him. I did not miss the parcel till I got to Newgate-street


 - it had a direction on it - I found it at Worship-street next day, when the prisoners were in custody; it was opened at Worship-street, and contained muslin dresses. I got to Newgate-street about seven o'clock in the evening.


                  THOMAS 
                  RODGERS
               



            . I am apprentice to Messrs. John and Henry Lainson, they are linen-drapers, at Rotherhithe. I delivered the parcel to Highfield on the 22d of December, about half-past one o'clock - it contained five coloured muslin and two flounce dresses to be taken to Davis's, in Newgate-street; I saw them next day at Worship-street - the value of the property is between three and four pounds.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCKE
               



            . I am headborough of St. Luke's. I was in company with Bee, in Golden-lane, St. Luke's, between six and seven o'clock in the evening. I saw a man at the end of Playhouse-yard. I said to Bee,
"Something is going forward, let us look out." In two or three minutes I saw the two prisoners come across Golden-lane; Wortley had this parcel under his arm, they were in company together; we ran after them - they went into a house in Playhouse-yard, and we went in - Wortley laid the parcel on a table - the house is kept by one Benjamin. I took hold of Wortley, and asked what he had got there? Benjamin, jun. was there then, and he and his mother laid hold of me, and begged me to let him go; I did not, but took the prisoner to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Is Playhouse-yard a thoroughfare? A. Yes; they came from Golden-lane end, not from Whitecross-street. Wortley had the parcel. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BEE
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Locke in Golden-lane,and saw the two prisoners, with the bundle - Wortley was carrying it. We followed them into a Jew's house, of the name of Benjamin - I bolted the door, and secured them and the parcel; we handcuffed the prisoners, and took them to the watch-house. Mrs. Benjamin and young Benjamin offered us money to let them go - they offered first two sovereigns, and then one more.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WORTLEY'S Defence. I live in Whitecross-street. I got off my shop-board at six o'clock, and went into Playhouse-yard to get a piece of cloth. I went into Benjamin's shop, and the other prisoner came in after me. In about a minute the constables came in, and asked what we had got there? They took the parcel, which I had never seen before, and said we had brought it in.
BENNETT'S Defence. I left home just after six o'clock to get a hat. I came down Golden-lane, and went into the first shop I came to; when I had been there about a minute the constable came in and said
"What have you got here?" I said
"I have got nothing." He looked round and took this parcel off the table, and said we had brought it there.
BENNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
WORTLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
