







27. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  HART
               




            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LILLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PAINE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 2 handkerchiefs, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Keene
               




            .


                  LUCY 
                  KEENE
               



            . I am sister of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Keene
               



            , a hosier
, of New Bond-street; I conduct a shop for him in Davis. street


. On the 19th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, Hart and Lilley came into the shop, and asked to look at some comforters - they bought one, for which they paid 2s.; they then asked for some black handkerchiefs - I said I had none but what I was afraid would be too expensive; they then asked for some silk pocket-handkerchiefs - I shewed them some; they said they were not the sort they wished, and did not buy any- they went out, and in about ten minutes the officer brought in the three prisoners, and asked if I knew them- I said two of them had been in the shop before; they then asked if I had lost any thing - I said not that I was aware of; they then produced a bag and two silk handkerchiefs - they asked if the handkerchiefs were mine; I said one of them certainly was, and the next morning I knew the other also - each of them had my private-mark- I knew they were in the shop when they came in; I showed them to them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you sold any of these handkerchiefs? A. Not that day; I had before - I believe we had sold all but this one of this pattern; I cannot say which of them bought the comforter -I believe it was Lilley - they were both in the shop; there was a lamp in the shop.
COURT. Q.Did you observe their faces? A. Yes, and I am sure they are the persons; they were ten minutes in the shop.
JESSE PHILLIPS. I am a constable. On the 19th of November I saw the three prisoners together in Glass-house-street: one of them went into a hatter's-shop - I followed them to the prosecutor's; I saw Hart and Lilley go in - Paine stood at the door - I got two Police-men; we followed, and each of us took one of them - this bag and two handkerchiefs were found on Paine.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you not the china-man? A. Yes; I perhaps have appeared in two or three casesagainst prisoners for stealing from persons unknown - I will swear I have not appeared twenty times, nor ten.


                  JAMES 
                  CONDIE
               



            . I am a Police-man. Phillips came to me; I went to the shop, and saw Paine outside - the other two came out of the shop, and joined Paine; they spoke to each other - we followed them down three or four streets, and then stopped them; I took Paine, and found these handkerchiefs and bag on him - we took them back to the shop; the lady owned this handkerchief that night, and next morning she owned the other - she said Hart and Lilley had been in the shop, and one of them bought a comforter.
Cross-examined. Q. Could she tell which of them bought it? A. No - I did not see any thing transferred from one to the other in going along.
JOHN GOODWIN. I am a Police-man. I was at my door in Davis-street; Phillips spoke to me - I went and saw the three prisoners: we followed, and took them - Paine had been at the door of the prosecutor's shop while the other two were inside.
Cross-examined. Q.Did you see any transfer of property? A.No - nothing was found on Hart or Lilley but the comforter.
Hart's Defence. I was going along Coventry-street, and met Lilley, whom I knew - he said he was going to purchase a comforter; I went to a hatter's shop, in Glass-house-street, and looked at a hat - I then went with Lilley, and bought the comforter.
Paine's Defence. I know nothing of the prisoners; I had been to a glass-cutter's to get a job - I was going home, and when these young men were taken, the Policeman took me; he took these two handkerchiefs from me, which I said I had picked up over the way - I had never been into the shop; the lady said they had been in a box.
LUCY KEENE. They had been in a box, but I took them out to show the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose if one of these young men had taken them, he might have done it without the other seeing him? A. Yes, I think so.
HART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
LILLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
PAINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
