





810. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CARROLL
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d February
, 12 yards of gros-de-Naples, value 40s.; 11 yards of poplin, value 22s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jonadab William 
                  Hunt
               




            , his master.
JONADAB WILLIAM HUNT. On the 21st of February thismatter was discovered; the prisoner absconded the next day, without any notice. I apprehended him on the 24th, at his lodging, in Golden Lion-court, Aldersgate-street. I have since found this property in pawn; when I took him he said he hoped I would forgive him; I said, I should promise nothing of the kind; he said he had taken these articles, and a variety of others, from the warehouse, and directed me to the different pawnbrokers; he showed me where the poplin was pawned.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, if I did not tell you every thing, you would immediately take me before a magistrate? A. Never; when I first discovered about the 3l., he said, he had lost it out of his pocket; and not then suspecting any thing else, I told his brother if he would come back, I would look it over.
Q. Are these poplins your bona-file property? A. They were consigned to me for sale, and I am answerable for them.


                  HENRY 
                  CLUMP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Aldersgate-street. I have some poplins, which were pawned on the 23d of February, by the prisoner's wife, in the name of Mary Carroll, Golden Lion-court, for 16s. 4d. - I knew her as a customer before.
Prisoner. Q. How do you know she was my wife? A. You often came together, and talked as man and wife.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, pawnbroker, Tottenham-court-road. I have twelve yards of grosde-Naples, pawned in the name of Mary Riley, Bainbridge-street. I believed her to be the prisoner's wife; I had seen them together, and supposed so, by their manner. I know all the family, and consider her to be his wife.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am a patrol, and went with Mr. Hunt to the prisoner's lodgings - he asked his master to forgive him; he would promise him nothing - but said he had lost property, and insisted upon his telling what he had taken; the prisoner then told what he had taken; he said he could not find the duplicates for some time; but at last said to his wife."Go and fetch the duplicates of Mr. Hunt's property." I followed her down stairs, and saw her take them out of a hole in the privy.
MR. HUNT. This woman never visited him at my warehouse; she came there once after he had absconded.
Prisoner. Q. On what grounds did you discharge Thomas Hunt from your service? A. Because I discovered he had formed a very improper female acquaintance. I never suspected him to be guilty of any dishonest act - I allowed him to sell goods among his friends. I might have told the female, that such a connexion as hers would bring him to Newgate. I never saw any poplins made exactly like these - I have been seven years in the trade.
Prisoner to H. TURNPENNY. Q. On arriving at my apartment, what did Mr. Hunt say? A. He asked why you did not come to the warehouse - I believe you said you were ashamed. I am certain he made you no promise of forgiveness, nor any thing like it.
Prisoner's Defence. He held out insinuating language to me, by which I might understand he was going to forgive me, if I gave him information. I know nothing whatever of these goods being pawned.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
