








126. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October

, seven spoons, value 36 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catharine 
                           Cowan
                        



                     
                  , from her person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BURY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     DUGGETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  CATHARINE 
                  COWAN
               



            . I am a widow
, and keep a lodging-house
, in Duke-street, Portland-place



. On the 25th of October last, a boy brought a letter for the servant, saying, it was from her brother. She asked him down in the kitchen, while she wrote an answer, she went up stairs to get something to give him. I went to the cupboard for the spoons afterwards, and missed them, this was about nine o'clock, I had seen them afe about three o'clock. I did not see the boy myself.


                  MARY 
                  GARNELL
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Cowan. On the 25th of October, a boy brought me a letter, I think it was Davis, he said he brought it from my brother, I opened it, and thought it was from him. I asked him down in the kitchen, while I wrote an answer. I left him alone there, while I went to get him 1 s., for his trouble, this was be-between six and seven o'clock. at night; I came down, and gave him the 1 s., and the letter, he was alone about two minutes. I let him out, nobody else came until my mistress missed the spoons, I had put them in the cupboard at three o'clock. Nobody was in the kitchen from three o'clock, until that time.


                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Wise, a pawnbroker, in Broad-street, Bloomsbury. On the morning of the 26th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Duggett
               



             offered me five silver tea-poons, for 12 s., I offered her 9 s. She left the shop with them, not then thinking it enough, and in a very short time returned with two table spoons. I suspected she had stolen them, she wanted 22 s., on the table spoons, and said they were her mother's, who lived at No. 4, or 5, Charles-street, Drury-lane; I asked her name, and she hesitated, and said her mother's name was Charles. I sent a boy for an officer, she wanted to go with him, I told her she must stop. When the officer came, she said, a man who slept with her the night before, dressed like a baker, gave them to her; she did not bring the tea-spoons back, she said she offered them to another pawnbroker, who had offered the same money.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. When she brought the tea-spoons, did she not say the person who sent her, desired her not to take less - A. No; I am confident she never said so.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Wise's, and asked the prisoner where she got the spoons, she said they were her mother's, and that she lived at No. 14, Charles-street, Drury-lane. I found six duplicates, and 7 s., or 8 s., on her, I left her then, and went to Brook-street, for Ellis. We went to No. 4, and asked if 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Duggett
               



             lived there? they said No; nor her mother either, but they believed she lived at Somer's-town. We returned to Wise's,she then said the spoons were given her by a man, dressed like a baker, at No. 4, Charles-street, on the first floor, we went there, and in consequence of information, went on the second floor, and found Turner and Bury, and asked if they knew 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Duggett
               



            , they said yes, but she was not at home. I searched Bury, and found the duplicate of a handkerchief on him; I found a hat in the cupboard, with the name of Davis in it, they said it belonged to a young man who came there sometimes; we took them to the office with the hat.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Was Turner dressed like a baker - A. Either a baker, or stable man. The house is a very infamous one.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I went to Charles-street, with Baker, and found Duggatt's mother did not live there, we went to Wise's; Duggett said the person she had them from was on the two pair of stairs; she had before said it was a one pair, I went there, and found Turner, Bury, and a woman named Todd, I searched Turner, and found two duplicates in his pocket, one for a watch, pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



            ; the other, a suit of clothes, for 20 s., in the same name, he said the property was his, and he got Davis pawn them; and when the hat was found, he said it belonged to the same person; we took them to the office. I fetched Duggett from Mr. Wise's, when I took her into the room, I asked her if either of them were the men, she said No; she did not know them. I had previously asked if she knew the baker's name, she said "No;" and turned round, and Bury took the advantage of that and ran to her. I suspected them, and then the said young man's name was Davis, who gave her the spoons to pawn. After they had been examined, the prisoner, Davis, came to the office, to ask about a hat, which had been brought away, with the name of Davis, made it, I said I could not part with it, but shewed it to him, he said it was his. I went with him to No. 4, Charles-street, and found Todd there, I took her and him into custody.


                  HANNAH 
                  TODD
               



            , I live at No. 4, Charles-street, I know all the prisoners. On the Saturday night I was out, and came home about eleven o'clock, I heard nothing of the spoons till Friday morning, when one of the young men asked Duggett if he would pledge five tea-spoons, I do not know which it was, but they were all there, she said she did not like. One of them again asked her to pawn them for 30 s., she took them, and returned, saying, the pawnbroker would not let her have so much; one of them sent her with two table-spoons to pawn for 1 l. I cannot say who gave them to her. Duggett lived on the first floor, with Bury; I live on the second floor, with Davis. Turner was a stranger, he only came the night before.
Q. You are sworn to speak the truth. Whom did you tell the Magistates gave her the spoons - A. I saw Davis have them.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. You are an unfortunate girl - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you not entice Duggett to the house - A. No; she was there about three weeks.


                  MARY 
                  GARNELL
               



            . I saw Davis in custody on the Friday week after. I believe him to be the man.
DAVIS'S Defence. I was told my hat was gone, and went to Bow-street for it; if I was guilty I should not go after my hat.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DUGGETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Judgment Respited
            .
BURY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
TURNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
