





1518. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  LARTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 1 tobacco-box, value 1d.; 4 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cooke
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN COOK. I work in the Docks
. On the 4th of July, about eleven o'clock at night, I was coming out of the Phoenix public-house, Norton-falgate; I was rather groggy, but knew what I was about; I met the prisoner on the pavement - she took hold of my arm, and said,"Come along Jack;" she took me across, down Magpie-alley, into Blossom-street


; she put her arms round me, and I heard my tobacco-box, fall, empty on the ground; I cannot tell whether she took it, or whether she caught it falling, but it fell empty; there had been three shillings, four half-crowns, and one or two sixpences in it; I had paid for my liquor at the house within twenty minutes,and know it was all safe then; I seized her, and said,"You have robbed me; she said she had not; I called Watch! no one came, and as I was taking her to the watch-house, she put 5s. 6d. into my hand, saying, "There is your money, will you go home with me?" I said, "No; here is not all my money;" I was pulling her along; a watchman came up and took us both to the watch-house - he found my money; I have been a mariner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am a watch-house keeper. I found the prisoner and prosecutor at the watch-house - he said she had robbed him, because he was a little groggy; he said she had taken 13s. or 14s., and gave me two half-crowns and a sixpence, which he said was all he had got back; I asked her what she had got - she said, "I believe half a crown, and 1s.;" I searched her, and found two more half-crowns, three shillings, and a sixpence; I detained them both, as he was groggy.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRESSEY
               



            . I live in Blossom-street. About twenty minutes to twelve o'clock I saw the prosecutor and prisoner pass our window - I heard them at words, and told them to move on; he said he would not till he had got his money; I had heard something fall on the stones - I got a light, and found the tobacco-box under the window.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him - he gave me 5s. 6d. to sleep with him - I refused, and he gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Life
            .
