





1975. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PEARSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, 1 till, value 1s.; 48 penny-pieces, and 72 half-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Perkins
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am the wife of John Perkins, a Greenwich pensioner
 - we live in Little George-street, Bethnal-green


, where I keep a chandler's-shop. On the 1st of July I left the shop for a short time - the till had a good deal of copper in it - I was in the back room about four minutes, and when I returned I missed the till - I received information, and a person brought back the till, but I have not found the money - the prisoner was afterwards taken - he lived in the neighbourhood, and had no business in my shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DIXON
               



            . I live in the next street to Perkins. On the 1st of July I was passing her house, and saw three boys looking through the window; I think the prisoner was one - I knew his father - I saw one of them go into the shop - I cannot say which - I went into a house to get a light, and heard an alarm, ran out, and saw the till laying in Blackbird-alley - I took it to the prosecutrix- the boys got away.


                  MARY 
                  HAYES
               



            . I live opposite to Perkins. On this morning I saw three boys at her window, and am sure the prisoner was one - I had known him six years - I saw him go into the shop with nothing in his hand, and come out with the till, and with a handkerchief - all three ran down Blackbird-alley - an alarm was given, and Dixon, who was lighting his candle in my room, ran out and got the till - the prisoner lived with his parents in Great George-street - I told the prosecutrix he was the boy.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am an officer. I was stationed at Bethnal-green, and, in a brick-field, there are a parcel of boys resort at night; I went there and found the prisoner on a brick-kiln, and took him.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in that woman's house several times since - she was asked if it was me - she said, No.


                  MARY 
                  HAYES
               



            . He is never in my house - I never said so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
