







766. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HART
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March

, 1 bushel and a half of oats, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , the elder, and others
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WOODHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            , JUN. I am a stone-merchant
, and am in partnership with my father, Thomas Smith - there are other partners: our premises are in Old-street-road; White had lived with us for about eleven months, as a horse-keeper
. On Sunday morning, the 1st of March, I went into the lost, and observed one of our sacks with some corn in it, concealed under some chaff in the chaff-room; there was about a bushel or a bushel and a half of corn in it - it was of the same sample as ours, and of a very good quality indeed; we keep our corn in the counting-house, and a proper quantity for use is taken out every day - I took two pieces of Spanish liquorice out of my pocket, put them into the sack among the corn, and left it there; I went the next morning, and saw the sack in the same place, but did not then examine it - on the Monday evening I spoke to the officer; about nine o'clock that evening he went into the premises - I showed him the sack and the corn; he marked the sack so that he should know it again - on the Tuesday morning he came to my premises early, to watch; about eight o'clock, when White was gone to breakfast, I went into the lost, and found the sack as I left it, under the chaff; about nine o'clock Hart came with a cart, from Forder Mellish, at Edmonton, and began loading some dung in it - he was in the habit of fetching dung from our premises; when he went out of our yard, and crossed the road, I observed a sack, containing something similar to corn in it, behind the cart; I went into my lost - the corn was gone, and the sack thrown carelessly over a partition in the chaff-room - I went to the King's Head public-house, in Kingsland-road, and there the cart had stopped; the sack which I had seen behind it was gone - I said to the officer, "No doubt it is gone down the yard;" we went down, and saw Hart standing against Woodham's stabledoor - the officer said to Hart, "What have you done with the corn which you brought?" I went down the stable,and at the bottom there is a little dark room, where Woodham was; I found the corn, but no sack of mine on the premises: I told Woodham they did not sell such good corn as that, and if it was mine, there were two pieces of Spanish liquorice in it - I found one piece of Spanish liquorice in it, and said to the officer, "Take this;" Woodham replied, "Yes, it is very easy for you to say that - you might have put it in," or something like that; the money for the dung belongs to my two carmen, but White takes it for them.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Was it not a return cart? A. I do not know; I believe it had brought potatoes to town - they generally come in sacks; when the sacks are emptied they are generally put into one sack, and placed on the copse, not on the tail of the cart; White was not to keep the money for the dung - my sack was left in the chaff-room; I found no sack of mine where the corn was found at last.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 2d of March, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went into the lost, and saw this sack of corn, which I marked; on Tuesday morning I was placed in a room near the stable - Hart and another man came in, and loaded the dung close to the stable; as soon as they had arranged some bags, White went into the lost - he was there eight or ten minutes; and then came down again; Hart and the other man were then loading the dung, and when they had loaded and trimmed the cart, they got down, and I saw Hart bring a sack from the stable door, with something in it - he went to the tail of the cart, and immediately I saw White and Hart leave the tail of the cart; Hart then drove the cart off; White went into the lost again, and staid, three or four minutes - he then went out of the yard after the cart; I sent for a young man to watch the cart - we went on to Pitfield-street, but the cart was gone; we went on to Kingsland-road, and saw the cart and Hart with it; Mr. Smith, who had got there before me, said, "The corn is gone;" we went into the stable, and found Hart just within the stable door - I said, "Where is the corn and sack you brought in here?" Hart said, "I brought none;" we took him down to the bottom of the stable, and there found Woodham - I said, "Where is the corn and sack this man brought in?" he said he brought none; the room was dark, but Mr. Smith stepped aside, and opened the door, which put us all in the light directly; we saw some corn in a bin - Mr. Smith said, "This is mine, and I will swear to it - you have not such corn in your place: if it is mine there are two pieces of Spanish juice in it;" he turned the corn up, and one piece came up; Woodham said, "I dare say you put it there;" I said, "How dare you speak so to a respectable tradesman?" Mr. Smith said"Never mind, Vann, there is another piece in it;" I looked and found it - I asked Mr. Smith whose stable it was; he said, "It belongs to Mr. Milledge, who keeps the King's Head" - this is the corn.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you lost sight of the cart? A. Yes, I did; I did not see the other man again who had been with it.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a stone sawyer, and work for Mr. Smith. The cart was backed down to the dung-heap; the old man; who was helping Hart, got up, and threw out some sacks from the cart - he threw one bundle of sacks near the stable-door; I then went into the stable and saw White emptying something out of a sieve, but what it was I could not see; I went to my work, and when the cart was loaded, I saw Hart and another man drag a sack out of the stable; he put it up behind the cart, and then another sack, with something in it, which appeared to me to be empty sacks - I saw the sacks at the back of the cart; it went away, and I saw no more.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.
HART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WOODHAM - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
