





1339. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAWYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, one watch, value 30 s.; two seals, value 1 s., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Ackers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ACKERS
               



            . I am a pensioner in the Haberdashers alms-houses
. On the 22d of September, about half-past eight o'clock at night. I was walking along Shoreditch


, with my hands in my pockets, and crossing Bateman's-row, just as I came on the pavement, the prisoner stepped before me and dodged backwards and forwards - I could not get by, the gas shone right in his face; I observed him particularly, and should know him any where. I felt something touch my thumb in my pocket, and felt my watch go, he immediately started from me - nobody but him was near me. I ran after him immediately - he ran a considerable way before I called Stop thief - I pursued him into the Curtain-road till he was taken, and kept him in sight all the way, except about a minute, as he turned the corner of Bateman's-row, he he was stopped at the corner, I came up, and said
"That man has robbed me of my watch." It was produced to me without the case, and the glass broken.


                  RICHARD 
                  EVERETT
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in the Curtain-road. I was at my shop door, opposite Bateman's-row,I heard the cry of Stop thief! I crossed to the sound, and saw the prisoner running, crying Stop thief! I said "You are the first man, I will stop you." I heard something fall from him, and saw Adams, who was the only person present, pick up the watch, between me and the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I ran out with Everett, and saw the prisoner running, he was foremost. I assisted in taking him. I saw him drop the watch and picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had just come from Reading, and met a friend who directed me to the Curtain-road for work; I was going there - some people ran by - I put my leg out to stop them - they passed - I followed, and they took hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
