







349. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     STONE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CROSS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, two live tame pigs, price 50 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            , who is a timber-merchant
, and lives at Limehouse-hole


. He kept three pigs in his yard, they ran about the street in the daytime. On the 30th of November, about two o'clock, I saw them; missed them about half-past three, and found them at Badcock's on the Saturday following. The prisoner, Cross, lived in the neighbourhood, and is a labourer
.


                  HUGH 
                  BADCOCK
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in New Road, St. George's in the East, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's. Cross and Johnson came to my house about eight o'clock in the morning of the 1st of December; they said they had two pigs to sell; that they were obliged to bring them off the premises the over-night, to prevent their being seized for rent. They took me five or six doors from my house to see the pigs, I there saw Stone and the pigs - he said nothing about them, but after I had agreed for them he said he would lend a hand to drive them to my house. I made the agreement with Cross, he said he was the owner. I gave one of them 2 s. earnest, and said if they would wait two hours I would pay for them. Three or four days after, Jones and his servant saw and claimed them. I was to give 50 s. for them.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell. On the 1st of December I received information that the three prisoners had two pigs in their possession - I found them at Badcock's. I apprehended Stone on the 1st of December - he lived in the house where the pigs were found; hesaid he knew nothing about them, but that Cross had left them there. The house is let out in different tenements. Cross came to the office when Stone was examined, and I secured him at the door - he said he knew nothing about them. I found Johnson on the Sunday following - he said he would tell the Magistrate all about it. The prosecutor had the pigs returned.
CROSS'S Defence. I met a man with them, and was to give him 2 l. for them.
JOHNSON'S Defence. I met Cross, and told Badcock he wanted to sell three pigs, as he promised me something for my trouble.
STONE'S Defence. The man asked me if I knew where they could lodge the pigs? my landlord gave him leave to put them there.
CROSS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
STONE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
