





412. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GOODE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 3 s., and one key, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Noah James 
                           Tarrant
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Davidson
                     



.


                  MARIA 
                  TARRANT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Noah 
                  James Tarrant
               



            , who is a shoemaker
; we occupy the second floor front room, at No. 26, Marylebone-lane


. On the 18th of January, between seven and eight o'clock the prisoner called, and stopped twenty minutes - I have known him twelve months - he gave me 1 s., and sent me to fetch some liquor; I refused, but afterwards gave him the child to hold while I fetched it. I went two doors off for it, and we drank it; he was standing, and said he was in a hurry, as he hadto meet a young man at eight o'clock. I lit him down stairs directly, and we stopped some minutes at the door. When he left I went to the mantle-piece, and missed the watch. I left only him and the child in the room. My cousin was with me when he came, but she left me then. I left a child three years and a half old in the room.


                  ANN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I called to see my cousin. I let the prisoner in, he went up stairs, and I left; the watch was then on the shelf.


                  JOHN 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I live in the next room to the prosecutor, and heard the prisoner say to the child
"I will bring it back to-morrow."




               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
