






129. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FAGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARNEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, a hat, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Theobald
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  THEOBALD
               



            . I am a hatter
, and live in Rathbone-place


. On the 21st of November I went out, returned about half-past four o'clock, and was in my private passage coming into the shop, and saw Fagan come out with a hat in his hand. I saw Marney inside the shop. I called to Fagan, and asked where he was going with the hat - he said, "I have bought it at that shop" - I said, I had my doubts about it, took it from him, and he ran away. I secured him, and asked if he knew the man in the shop - he said No. I took him into the shop - a mob collected; I saw Marney among them, and charged him with having been in the shop; he said he went in to buy a hat-band. I asked him how much he had to buy it - he said a penny. I desired him to come into the shop, which he did, and said he had no knowledge of Fagan. I got the constable, who took them; he broke from the officer afterwards.


                  RICHARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Rathbone-place, nearly opposite the prosecutor's. I was standing at my shop door, about four o'clock, and saw both the prisoner's pass in company, talking together. I did not see where they went to; but in a few minutes I saw the prosecutor running after them.


                  CHARLES 
                  GAST
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoners in charge at the shop; and at seven o'clock I was taking them before the Magistrate, handcuffed, and when we came to High-street there was a whistle, and three young lads came up to them, whispered, and ran on; and when we came opposite to the Black Horse, public-house, High-street, Fagan slipped out of his handcuff, and ran into the Black Horse, and Marney ran up the street - I followed, and overtook him.

MR. THEOBALD
            . I followed Fagan, and brought him out of the Black Horse; he was trying to get under the people's legs in the tap-room. I took him to the officer; he called some persons to his assistance; they came, and said I was strangling him. I went to shift my hand, and he caught my finger in his mouth and tried to bite it. One of my daughters was in care of the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Marney running with the handcuff hanging to his hand - I seized and took him to the office. He denied all knowledge of Fagan, but I have frequently seen them together; and, after the examination, Marney had a cut in his hand. I said, "That looks as if you had put your hand through a pane of glass." Fagan said "No, it was not; for I was in his company last night, and he tried to steal a beef-steak off a man's plate, and got cut."
FAGAN'S Defence. I had been to buy a cap, and saw this hat laying on the step - picked it up, and a man stood next door, and said it must belong to the hatter. I was turning back to take it into the shop, and was knocked down.
MARNEY'S Defence. My hat being too large, for want of a hatband, I went to buy one. This hat laid on the step, and I told the girl of it - came out, and the gentleman asked me to walk in.
FAGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MARNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Three Months
            .
