





711. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  WYATT
               



            , ESQ. I live in Langham-place


, I have three houses there unfinished. On the 26th of February, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, Chapman, the watchman, fetched me. I went into the adjoining house, which is unfinished, and on the first floor I found the prisoner hid in the chimney-place. The house is now in the possession of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Wyatt
               



            , Esq., my father's executor. The prisoner was taken to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I went up Langham-place, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, with Hollingsworth and Mr. Wyatt's servant, who said somebody was on the building, throwing lead off the house. I fetched Mr. Wyatt, and found the prisoner on the first floor, and found about one hundred weight of lead thrown off the ledge into the pleasure-grounds.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGINTON
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Hibbard, of No. 3, Langham-place. On the 26th of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was alarmed by something falling from the house; I went out and saw a roll of lead laying in the pleasure-grounds of Mr. Wyatt's house - I saw the prisoner throw another piece off the ledge. I went into the house with Chapman, and found the prisoner on the first floor.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with the lead - I compared it with the roof; the nail-holes corresponded, and it matched exactly. I found 2 s. 6 d. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I thought it no harm to go into an unfinished house to sleep, having no money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 62.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
