





1004. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BARNETT
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Colebatch
                        




                     
                   and others, on the 7th of March
, and stealing therein 1 silver waiter, value 30l.; 4 silver candlesticks, value 20l.; 4 silver extinguishers, value 1l.; 1 pair of silver snuffers, value 24s.; 2 other silver waiters, value 16l.; 1 silver fish-slice, value 32s.; one silver wine-strainer, value 50s.; 2 silver gravy-spoons, value 60s.; 5 silver soup-ladles, value 6l.; 1 silver salad-spoon, value 1l. 10s.; 1 silver butter-knife, value 14s.; 12 silver dessert-knives, value 3l.; 12 silver dessert-forks, value 3l.; 36 silver table-spoons, value 25l. 10s.; 24 silver tea-spoons, value 6l. 15s.; 36 silver forks, value 18l. 15s; 1 silver mustard-pot, value 5l.; 1 silver mustard-spoon, value 10s.; 2 silver cream-boats, value 6l.; 4 silver salt-cellars, value 12l.; 4 silver salt-spoons, value 24s.; 1 silver toast-rack, value 3l. 15s.; 1 other silver strainer, value 11s.; 1 pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 7s.; 4 kniferests, value 10s.; 2 pairs of nut-crackers, value 10s.; 1153 ermine skins, value 28l.; 5 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 1 crown; 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of the said 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Colebatch
               



             and others.
MESSRS. ALLEY and CRESWELL. conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COLEBATCH
               



            . I have some warehouses at No. 60, Lower Thames-street


, and have two partners; there were several boxes in our warehouse - they had been there eighteen or twenty months; some of them belong to the Rev. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Oxborne
               



             - I never saw the contents; I leave the foreman to shut our warehouse up when I leave, and the keys are brought to my house. On the morning of the 7th of March, at nine o'clock, I found the premises had been broken into, and the property gone: the warehouse is in the parish of Allhallows, Barking - the windows have all iron bars to them; persons outside cannot look into the windows unless they get within the gates - I found the fronts of several boxes ripped down, and several articles taken away; the locks of the premises were all broken open - we found one silver candlestick left behind, and several plated articles; the warehouse which was broken open is at the back part of the premises - we let part of the front warehouses- the windows were perfect outside, but the interior was all dilapidated; the counting-house was broken open, the deaks and iron safe broken open, and money gone - there was a bag put up to prevent the party being seen.
Cross-examined. Q. Were several boxes opened, or one taken away? A. No boxes were taken away, but the contents were - one was entirely stripped, and the other partly; no outer door was broken that I could discover.
RICHARD WILLIAMS. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Colebatch. On the 6th of March I locked up the warehouse, and delivered the keys to the clerk; I left the premises quite safe - I went again about nine o'clock in the morning; Mr. Colebatch was there - I found the outer wicket secure, but the inner wicket open; the two doors of the salt warehouse were also open - I found a door on the staircase had been forced open by some instrument; I went up stairs, saw another box forced open, and things scattered about the floor - it was principally linen; five boxes had been forced open.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. On the morning of the 7th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in Paul-street, Finsbury, and saw the prisoner - he nodded at me, and I saw Haydon behind him, carrying a basket, about a yard and a half off; I was on the opposite side, crossed over, and questioned him -I found the basket contained plate; I then looked for the prisoner, but could not find him that day - I took Haydon into custody; he was detained till the following Monday, when I met the prisoner in Leonard-street, about eleven o'clock - I was going down by the Tabernacle, and all at once saw a person turn round and run a contrary way, but I was not it was him then - I saw the person run into a shop; I went to the shop, but could not see him - I went to the stairs which lead to the bake-house, and hallooed Joe come up (meaning the prisoner) and he came from the cellar where they bake; I said "If you go quietly I won't handcuff you," he said he would go quietly, and I took him to Guildhall - he was going to say something; I said, "Mind what you say to me," and nothing passed - I have had the plate ever since.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He knew you? A. Yes, and nodded - I followed the porter two or three yards, and then looked for the prisoner, before I stopped the porter, and he was gone in a moment; he could not have got out of my sight if he had walked - I went to look for him, but did not go to his house; I met him on the Monday, nearly on the same spot.
Q. Did he not say he had a complaint in his bowels which obliged him to go down there? A. Certainly not - I believe the baker's wife was in the shop.
COURT. Q. When he came up was there any conversation between him and the person in the shop? A. None.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer; I was with Herdsfield in Paul-street, and met the prisoner, and a porter behind him a few steps, with a large basket - Herdsfield crossed over the road, lifted up something, and called me over; I am certain the prisoner is the man who was there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you search the prisoner? A. I saw him searched, and 40l. odd found on him.
JOHN HAYDON. I am a porter, and generally ply at Spitalfields-market. I was there on the 7th of March, when the prisoner applied to me between ten and eleven o'clock; he asked if I wanted a job I said Yes - he said"Then carry these," and gave me a parcel wrapped up in a great coat - he put it into my basket himself; the officer took it from me in Paul-street - it is the same parcel; he went before me into Lamb-street, across Spital-square, up Primrose-street - we came at last into Paul-street, and I was taken into custody; the prisoner had ran away then - I had seen him not a minute before; he went away when the officer spoke to him - he had continued with me up to that time; the parcel the officer took from me was exactly the same as he gave me.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Where do you live? A. In York-street, Shoreditch. I never saw the prisoner before; I never said I doubted his being the man, nor that there were so many faces alike, I did not like to swear to him - I said he was the man; I did not express a doubt of him, but swore positively to him; I have seen Herdsfield here - he has never called on me, nor have I had any conversation with him about swearing to the prisoner; he was about six yards before me, and saw him.
COURT. Q. Did you follow any other person but him from the market, till you were stopped? A. None.
THE REVEREND EDWARD OSBORNE. I had left some plate in the care of the prosecutors, secured in a box, above a year ago; I have since seen, out of the box, some of the plate - that was before the Magistrate; I knew it to be part of what I left in their care - (examining the property) this is part of it; there is still some missing - the value of this is considerably above 100l.: I saw the box after the robbery - it was the same box as contained the plate.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - it is all prejudice against me: Haydon strongly denied my being the person before the Magistrate, and said there were so many alike he could not tell: Herdsfield called at my house, and wastold I was gone out to see the paper; he came out, and saw me, and says I ran into the shop. Had I not forty-eight hours to escape if I had been guilty? it is nothing but a conspiracy.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



             LATHAM. I am a baker, and live in Leonard-street. I have known the prisoner about two years - he dealt with me, and is a jeweller, I believe; he frequently called to see me - we both visited: he called the day he was taken up - he did not appear particularly ill; I came into the shop just after the officers - he often went down stairs without leave; he was familiar with the place: it was not unusual for him to go down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
