





1514. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robinson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On Sunday, the 13th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Cow-lane, West Smithfield


, going home, and heard a disturbance in the street, a little before me. I came up and spoke to my brother, who was with me at the time, and while speaking, I felt my handkerchief drawn from my pocket. I turned round and collared the prisoner, who was near, and accused him of the theft, and gave him in charge. The handkerchief was picked up; he said he knew nothing of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWE
               



            . I live in Fox and Knott-court, Cow-lane. I was standing at my door between seven and eight o'clock on Sunday evening, the 13th of October, and heard an altercation at the top of the court. I went up, and had not been there more than two or three minutes, when the prosecutor came up, and at that moment the prisoner and another made a sudden dart in among the people. I kept my eye on the prisoner, and while the prosecutor was speaking, I saw the prisoner draw the handkerchief from his (the prosecutor's) pocket, and throw it to the person who rushed in with him. While the prosecutorwas securing him, I picked it up. His companion was trying to shuffle it under his feet, to conceal it. He ran off as hard as he could. I gave the handkerchief to the officer.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am the patrol. The prisoner was given into my charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  WORRALL
               



            . I am the beadle. I found the prisoner at the watch-house; the handkerchief was given in my charge. I found nothing on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the lane, and saw a dozen people together; a gentleman who was with the prosecutor was charged with taking indecent liberties with two women, which caused the mob.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
