





613. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  WILSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, twenty-eight brass cocks, value 50 s., thirty brass rods, value 70 s.; 5 lbs. of nails, value 2 s., and eighteen sheets of sand paper, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Evans
               




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
MR. DAVID EVANS. I am a stove-grate manufacturer
, and live in Crutched-friars


. The prisoner was in my serviceabout three years, in the capacity of steel-burnisher - he had accros to my premises - I have missed the articles stated in the indictment.


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Charles-street, Westminster. I know the prisoner - he produced some brass cocks, and other articles to sell, on the 7th of February.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Did you not say that it would be better for him to give you some information? A. No, I did not.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you buy any of them? A. Yes, I bought eight cocks of him, at the sign of the Robin Hood public-house - I took them home and Mr. Evans came about a month or five weeks afterwards and I delivered them to him - I gave him 11 s. for the cocks and some nails; he paid me 4 s. which he owed me - I asked how he got them - he said he worked for different employers, and they sometimes paid him in goods - his father-in-law had worked for me five years - I had no suspicion - I also bought of him some stair carpet rods for 18 s. which I delivered to the officer, and the cock likewise.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I saw the prisoner at my husband's house some time after the 7th of February - he brought a bundle of rods and a bundle of cocks.


                  JOHN 
                  WHEEL
               



            . I am an officer of Queen's-square. I received this property from Mr. Adams, which I have kept ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Adams. These marks on the paper are my writing - I tied the cocks up in it - there are twenty-eight, which are worth 2 l. 16 s.
Prisoner's Defence. There are a great many cocks on the premises, and Mr. Evans can swear to no marks on them - he promised me a free pardon if I would tell him of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
