






1182. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Godwin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GODWIN
               



            . I live in Gutter-lane, Cheapside, and am a warehouseman
. On the 16th of July, between twelve and one o'clock at noon, my pocket was picked in Newgate-street


, as I was returning from Newgate-market; I had used my handkerchief after I left home: as I was passing near Ivy-lane, in consequence of some information I put my hand to my pocket, and missed it: I did not observe any person near me - it was a silk handkerchief, and has my initials on it. I did not see the prisoners till after they were taken in an alley, near Dolly's chop-house.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On the 16th of July I saw the two prisoners in Newgate-street, near Warwick-lane: they were following several persons backwards and forwards - this conduct induced me to watch them for about twenty minutes; I then saw Mr. Godwin and another gentleman close together; I could hardly tell which of them the prisoners were following: they were close to them - I stopped down, and looked under a cart, and saw them turn down Queen's Head-passage, leading to Paternoster-row: I saw Mr. Godwin clap his hand upon his pocket - I called to him, and took him down the passage; there were no other persons near enough to pick his pocket but the prisoner, and the other gentleman: it was done momentarily, and I took them within about a minute, five or six yards down the passage - I found the handkerchief in Wilkinson's small clothes; Mr. Godwin immediately claimed it. Hesketh seized Parker.
Prisoner PARKER. Q. Was I in company with Wilkinson at the time of the felony - A. Yes; I am quite sure of it. I saw you open one or two gentlemen's pockets.
Prisoner WILKINSON. Q. Did you see me take the handkerchief - A. No: there was a cart which prevented me.


                  ROBERT 
                  HESKETH
               



            . I am a constable. I followed the prisoners from near St. Martin's-le-grand till they came to Newgate-street; I did not see Mr. Godwin till about a minute before he lost his handkerchief - I saw the hand of one of them go to his pocket, but I cannot say which: there were no other persons near them. I had been watching them in company with each other about ten minutes. Mr. Godwin put his hand to his pocket - we then pursued them down the court; I took Parker, and saw Herdsfield take the handkerchief from Wilkinson's trowsers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILKINSON'S Defence. I saw the handkerchief lying on the ground; I did not know whose it was, or I should have given it to them. I turned down the court, as I had heard there was some painter's work to be got there.
PARKER'S Defence. I was walking down Newgate-street, and got into conversation with this young man: we turned down the court, and the officers came and took us.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 18.
WILKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
