






955. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WYNCH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WYNCH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 1 set of double harness, value 5l.; 1 piece of wash leather, value 1s., and 1 chopper, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Alvin
                     



                  ; 1 pair of overalls, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Crouch
                     



                  ; and 1 sack, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Watson
               



            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
PHILIP CROUCH. I am coachman
 to Mr. Francis Alvin, who lives at Fulham


. On the 14th of February, in the morning, I found the coach-house broken open - the lock was broken to pieces, and the door stood open - the harness and several articles were stolen; they were more than one man could carry.


                  JOHN 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 14th of February, about three o'clock in the morning, I was on mybeat with Saunders - I stopped the prisoners; I let one of them pass - Joseph had this pick axe; John then passed me - I bid him good morning, but seeing something under his (John's) coat, I said, "What have you in there?" he said a bit of canvas, which he had picked up - I told him to unbutton his coat, and found it was this sack. Joseph went on - I knew them before; I compared the pick-axe with the marks in the door, and they corresponded.


                  HENRY 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I was with Essex, and asked Joseph what he had under his coat; he said nothing - but I saw the point of the pick-axe, and made a catch at it.
PHILIP CROUCH. I saw this pick-axe compared with the marks in the stable door, it corresponded exactly - here is a notch, which makes a remarkable impression, and the other end corresponds with other marks. This was taken out of the stables.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Joseph Watson, and know this sack to be his - it was in Mr. Alvin's stable.
JOSEPH WYNCH's Defence. My brother was in bed - I called him up, and gave him the sack to carry.
JOHN WYNCH's Defence. My brother called me up.
JOSEPH WYNCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHN WYNCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Six Months
            .
