






1982. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CURTIS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 1 gold watch-key, value 45s., and 1 gold seal, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Thomas 
                  Tyas
               




            .
WILLIAM THOMAS TYAS. I am a jeweller
 and watchmaker
, and live on Holborn-hill


. On the 8th of October, about one o'clock in the day, the two prisoners came into my shop together; I am certain of their persons - Curtis requested me to show him a gold seal which was in the window, in a tray; I produced the tray, with gold seals and keys in it - he then wished me to point out those which were solid and most valuable, and said he would leave it to me to select him a good one, that the price was no object; I selected five or six of the best - he took them in his hand separately, weighed them, and showed them to Smith; they both stood at the counter: Smith said they were good seals he had no doubt, and then selected one - he asked if I could recommend it; I said it was one of the best I had: Smith then put his arm on the tray, towards the top of it, and took up several, which I told him were inferior; he took them up again and again - Curtis then decided on the one I had recommended; he then gave it to Smith, and Smith said he could not have a better: he then said had I another that would match it - Smith was by him all the time; my sister was in the kitchen; I knocked with my foot for her to come up. to get another tray out of the window, to show them - I kept my station behind the counter; there was nothing that they liked in the second tray - Curtis put his hand into his pocket, and gave me 5s. as a deposit for the one he had selected, which came to 3l. 18s., he said he would call again in two hours, and in the meantime I might possibly find another that would match it, and that he should want a key also; Smith urged him to go: he said, "No, I wish to look at a key" - Smith said he might look at the key when he returned; they then left the shop: after they were gone I took the tray off the counter, and put it on the glass-case; the seals were disturbed, and when my sister and I were putting the tray in order, I missed one of the solid seals, but cannot say there was one less in the tray than when they came in (not suspecting them); I reproved my sister, as she generally attends to that tray. I expected them to return in two hours, as they had said so two or three times, but they never came again; I waited at home all that afternoon and evening, and sent for some seals to match the one Curtis had selected - Mr. Hardman, a neighbour, came in the evening; in consequence of what he said to me, I looked at my tray about seven o'clock next morning - (it was before any customers came) and missed agold key, worth 2l. 5s.; I am quite sure that was in the tray when the prisoners called: the tray was kept in the window, secured by slides, and locked - no person could reach it from the other side of the counter: no other customer looked at the tray. I saw them in custody on the Monday following - I am quite sure they are the persons who came to buy the seal; they never came to my shop again - the key has never been found.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long were the persons in your shop? A. I suppose ten minutes; I never saw them before - I speak to them with the greatest certainly; my tray is a very large one, and in taking it out the key caught my eye, but I cannot positively say the seal was there then.


                  JANE 
                  TYAS
               



            . I live with my brother. On the 8th of October I was called up by him, and saw the prisoners in the shop; I am quite sure of them - I produced a tray from the other window; they selected nothing from that - I always arrange the tray which they first saw; it was on the counter when I came up, and the prisoners were close to it - I had seen it safe about half an hour before they came in; I saw Curtis give my brother 5s., and said he would call again in two hours: after they were gone I put the tray to rights, and then I missed a key, and my brother missed a seal; he was very angry with me about it - I cannot say whether a seal was missing myself; I am quite sure the key was safe that morning - I had seen it about two or three hours before: I have never seen the prisoners since, till last night; I am quite sure they are the persons.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw the key two or three hours before? A. Yes; I was in the shop all the morning, and that tray was not produced to any one - it was enclosed in the window, and not within reach.
CURTIS' Defence. I am innocent.
SMITH'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
CURTIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of stealing the key only. - 



               Transported for even Years
            .
