





206. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LEACH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, two dead pigs, value 38 s., and one wrapper, value 1 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Challis
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Munday
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Challis
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            , and Stephen Munday, salesmen


, Bell-yard, Warwick-lane


. The pigs were consigned to them for sale, and were placed on a block by the bar, inclosed in a wrapper. I saw them between six and seven o'clock and they was missed soon after. I found them at Guildhall, the next day, with the prisoner in custody; there was a label on the outside, directed to Challis and Co.


                  ISAAC 
                  DEBENHAM
               



            . I am a porter, in Friday-street. I saw the prisoner watching at the window, and stooping down to the block. I saw him take the pigs from the block in the yard, and bring them into Warwick-lane. I followed him almost into Newgate-street, and asked what he was going to do with them; he said a person employed him to take them to a butcher's in Newgate-street, and was to give him 2 s. I knew there was no butchers in Newgate-street, and took him back to Bush's, the Bell inn, he knew nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSH
               



            . I keep the Bell inn. I saw the prisoner lurking about the yard. I did not miss the pigs till he was brought back. I knew they were in my place.


                  HENRY 
                  GELL
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. A porter gave them to me in Newgate-market, to carry to a butcher's - Debenham swears false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
