





28. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 9 sheets, value 2l.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 5s.; 2 gowns, value 4s.; 2 half-handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 tippet, value 2s., and 1 waistcoat, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Verey
                  




               
            , her master.


                  CHARLES 
                  VEREY
               



            . (Examined through an Interpretess.) I am a confectioner
, and live at No. 231, Regent-street. The prisoner was in my service - she washed for me first, and I then took her into my house; I missed a number of articles while she was there.


                  HERBERT 
                  JOHN CLARK
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker in Wardour-street. I have some sheets pawned by the prisoner at different times from the 11th of September, and here is a gown pawned by her.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREW SIMPSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Longacre. I have a gown and waistcoat pawned by the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILLIAM VALENTINE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found seventy-two duplicates in her pocket; I afterwards received information that she had a box in Portland-town - I went there, and found some more duplicates and some articles.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TISSILAIC
               



            . I went with the officer, and took the prisoner at her lodging; the servant told us the box was at Portland-town - we went and found it.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
