





649. 
               
                  JOHN WILLIAM 
                  PRICE
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 ring, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Pearl
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PEARL
               



            . I live with my father, John Pearl, a jeweller
, in Burlington-arcade


. On the 10th of January, after shewing this ring to a customer, I replaced it on the glass-case - on the following day the prisoner was at work, fitting up the gas apparatus, behind the counter, for two or three hours, and on the 12th a workman, who had made the ring, called about it; I went to the glass-case, and it was gone - the case was not locked - it is but a small shop - people are continually coming in, and my attention was called away while he was there- only my father and myself serve in the shop - I am positive I never sold it; on the Monday following Cousins brought it to our shop (looking at it); I am sure this is it - I have the fellow on my finger - it is chased, and has a carved coral head.
Cross-examined. Q. At what time did he come to your shop? A. About eleven or twelve o'clock; he was working near the glass-case, which draws out - the ring was in front - I do not think he was left alone in the shop - the ring is a new pattern and quite uncommon - it was made on purpose for us - we had had it but two or three days.
COURT. Q. Who made it for you? A. One Greswell; it was for a lady; I had not shewn it to her before Greswell called to know if it suited, and it was produced to me on the Monday after the prisoner was taken - not the Monday after I lost it.
JOHN PEARL. I know this ring to be mine - I never sold it - I have one like it, except that the head is a crysolite.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the same man make both? A. Yes; I received it from him as a new pattern - this was made a fortnight or a month after I selected it from his stock, to bring here; I do not recollect seeing any more of the same kind.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GUEST
               



            . I live in Bear-street, and have known the prisoner about three months; he offered me that ring, with about two dozen and a half or three dozen more, about six weeks ago, when he came to be shaved; he shewed them to me in a paper, and asked 7s. each for them; I examined them for a minute, then said I did not understand them, and should not buy them.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you undertake to swear this ring was among them? A. Yes; for there was no other like it; I picked it out, and it would not go on my little finger; he did not say how he got them.
GEORGE PEARL. The ring cost us 30s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I searched the prisoner's apartment, and found four rings in a drawer, in the back parlour, and two more in a drawer of the bedstead in the same room; the ring in question is one of the four. When I produced it at Bow-street, the prisoner said it was one out of many others, that he had brought from France some years ago, and that it was French manufacture; this was on the 9th of March, and on the 18th, Mr. PEARL came and claimed it; he described it before he saw it, and picked it out from the rest.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the drawers locked? A. No.
The prisoner, in his defence, stated, that he had found this ring at the Opera House, and it was not the one he said he had brought from France, and concluded by asserting this prosecution to be a villanous scheme, on the part of Guest, to rain him.
Prisoner to PEARL. Q. Does not the adjoining shop communicate with yours? A. A milliner keeps the shop- I have occasionally got her to mind my shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
