





London Cases, before Mr. Recorder.
180. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, a ream of paper called bag-cap, value 13 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Williams
                  




               
             and others his partners.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. 
               
                  James 
                  Williams
               



            , Coopers, and Co., wholesale stationers
, of West Smithfield. On the 12th of December, I saw some paper looked out, about four o'clock, and put into the cart, which left the premises - it returned about seven o'clock, and next morning I saw a ream of bag-cap at the Mansion House, which had been put into the cart the preceeding afternoon. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  CORBY
               



            . I am the carman. I put the paper into the cart, about four o'clock in the afternoon. I went to Davis's in the Minories, opposite Rosemary-lane


 - I got there between five and six o'clock; it was dark. All the paper was right then - I stopped inside the shop about ten minutes, and left nobody in care of the cart. I heard an alarm, ran out, and found the prisoner in the custody of Mr. Brown in Rosemary-lane - the paper laid on the pavement close by the cart on the opposite side of the way. I had not noticed him near the cart.
JOHN BROWN. I am a linen-draper, and live two doors from Mr. Davis's. I saw the prisoner come out of the cart with the paper on his back - suspecting him, I looked into Davis's shop, and saw the carman, told him, and followed the prisoner; he had not got above twenty yards from the cart. I cried Stop thief! and he threw the paper down - I never lost sight of him. I took him two or three hundred yards down Rosemary-lane, and took him back; he denied it.
Prisoner. Q. How far behind me were you when I turned the corner - A. I might be twenty yards; but never lost sight of him all the way.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming down the Minories, and saw a crowd round Davis's house (the whole of that side is in the City); I went in and found the prisoner in custody - he denied the charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  NEEDHAM
               



            . I am an umbrella maker, and live in Sparrow-corner. I met the prisoner running, and putting out my leg I threw him down. Mr. Brown immediately secured him.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
