





1838. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DOYLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 10 hempen-bags, value 5s., and 1600lbs. weight of wool, value 100l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               




             and another.
MR. JOHN COOPER. I am a public warehouse-keeper
, my counting-house is in Chequer-yard; this wool was in our warehouse, in Tower-street


. On the 25th of August, as I came from 'Change, my clerk informed me two officers wished to see me - they gave me information; I went to the warehouse, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and found the door of one of the floors broken open; some wool appeared to have been moved; I had not been there for some time - I went with the officers to Spitalfields-church, and found several bags of wool, which I knew to be ours - I have a partner - I inquired for the carman - they said they knew where to find him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The prisoner has been in your employ? A. He was our warehouseman, but had left us two or three years - I never knew any thing directly against him.


                  CHARLES 
                  SANDIERS
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Earl and Co., wine-merchants, Tower-street. On the 25th of August, at seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner and two others loading a cart with wool from the prosecutor's warehouse - one of the men was the carman - the prisoner was getting the bags of wool out of the tier for the crane to let them down - I had never seen him before; I saw the cart go out of the gate - their warehouse is in our yard - the carman drove it away - the prisoner was active in loading the cart.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe there has been some former trial on this business? A. The carman was tried and acquitted - the prisoner could not be found then - I never recollect seeing him before - it was quite light - I was not examined on the carman's trial - I could have sworn to him.
COURT. Q. Did the bags appear to be wool? A. Yes; I have no doubt of it.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I am a silk-weaver. On the 25th of August, about two o'clock, I was in Brick-lane, and saw a cart loaded with wool, standing at the corner of Booth-street; several persons said it had been about there a long time; I saw it standing there for an hour, and thought something was wrong - I saw the prisoner pass once or twice, and speak to the carman; and when the cart went away he stood on the opposite side - I went to fetch Almond, by Spitalfields-church - he went and questioned the carman where he got the wool from; and he told him; the prisoner was waiting at some distance from the cart, patroling to and fro on the opposite side of the way, and not within hearing - this was about three o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. He was there patroling, was he? A. He was walking backward and forward - I did not know him before, and did not listen to his conversation; I was not examined on the last trial, but I was here - I have been a witness here once, as I apprehended a man, and was paid for my attendance - I have been here, and heard trials, but do not recollect having been a witness, except when I have mentioned.
Q. Have you been here within six years? A. Yes; I recollect it was about robbing a ready-furnished lodging, and I recollect being examined against Taylor for a highway robbery - he was acquitted - I got 3s. 6d. a day for my expenses - that is not more than I can earn - I now sell fruit about, as I have no work.
Q. Were you ever here, except as a witness? A. Yes; I was tried here, and honourably acquitted, and the prosecutor's expenses refused; it was for a highway-robbery - I merely went to assist a drunken man - that was in April, 1817.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am an officer of Christchurch. I went with Clayton to Brick-lane, and found the cart at the end of Booth-street, loaded with ten bags of wool - I questioned the carman, who stood at the horses' head, and found he came from Cooper and Spratts, who identified the wool - I did not see the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am an officer, and assisted in unloading the ten bags of wool at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . On the 22d of September, in consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner in Whitechapel - I told him it was about Mr. Cooper's wool; he said he knew nothing about it - I asked if he had heardof the carman being tried - he said he had heard there had been a piece of work about it.
Cross-examined. Q. He said so at once? A. Yes; he was standing in Whitechapel when I took him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a street-keeper; the wool has been in my possession since the 25th of August - I went to the prisoner's residence, but never could find him.
MR. COOPER. I saw the wool, it was taken from our warehouse in Tower-street, and have no doubt of its being ours - the prisoner left our service two years ago.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it; if I had, I should not have stood in the street looking for work as I did.
MR. COOPER. He absconded from his residence, which is a mile and a half from where he was apprehended - I believe he has four or five children.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
