





1253. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORES
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Napier
                        




                     
                  , about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 21st of July
, (no person being therein) and stealing one tea kettle, value 9 s., and two tumbler glasses value 18 d.
            , his property.


                  JAMES 
                  NAPIER
               



            . I live in Gray's-buildings, Lower-road, Islington


. On the 21st of July, I went out and left nobody at home - I fastened the house securely, and returned about eleven o'clock, it was then dark. My family were all out, but not with me. I found nobody at home. Neither the doors or windows were broken - there was no appearance of breaking. I cannot tell how the persons got in. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from the first and second floors. They were worth 4 l.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOLHAM
               



            . I am an officer. On the 23d of July, I searched the prisoner's house - he was then in custody; his wife informed me that he lived there. He had told me he lived at Hoxton; I did not hear what number, being engaged.


                  RICHARD 
                  BECKETT
               



            . The prisoner told me he lived at No. 27, Reeves-place, Hoxton. I went there, and in the up-stairs parlour found this copper kettle and two tumblers.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you find them at No. 27, or 37 - A. I have made a mistake. He at first told me 27, and then 37. I found them at 37; it is not a lodging house. I only found his wife and daughter there.


                  JAMES 
                  NAPIER
               



            . The kettle is mine. I will not swear to the tumblers, but I lost two like them.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYLE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Napier. I know the kettle, as I have cleaned it.


                  JOHN 
                  UPTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 21st of July, I was by Gray's-buildings, Islington, and met the prisoner walking towards Napier's, and looking up at the houses.
THOMAS GREGSON. I saw the kettle found.
GUILTY. Aged 35.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
