






427. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SOLDER
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February

, three tea-chests, value 2 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Luke 
                  Ridge
               



            ; and 
               
                  BARNABY 
                  REYNOLDS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
LUKE RIDGE. I live at No. 32, Lower Sloane-street



, and am a grocer
. On Tuesday the 1st of February, about ten o'clock I saw these three chests safe on the landing stone over the area in front of the house. I heard they were taken about a quarter of an hour afterwards, and that Maybank and others were in pursuit. I went out and saw them in the back part of Reynold's shop, he is a dealer in marine stores. Solder was there at the time. I am quite positive they were mine.
Prisoner REYNOLDS. Q. Was it my shop or not? A. It is the house where he lives; I do not know whether it is his shop or not.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POINTER
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in George-street, Chelsea. I was coming from Turk's-row on the evening of the 1st of February, between six and seven o'clock, and saw Solder and Hornsby, who is not in custody, standing by Mr. Ridge's shop - one stood on one side of the shop, and the other on the other. Solder moved one chest from the rails to the next house. I then gave information to Maybank, the officer, who came down with me, and we saw Hornsby running, with a tea chest under his arm. I said,
"That is one of them," we followed him to Reynolds's house, in Turk's-row - there is a board over the door, and "Elizabeth Reynolds, dealer in marine stores," written on it - she is, I believe, the prisoner's mother, but she is now ill in bed. We found two tea chests in the back room, and the one which was just carried in in the front shop - there were several other persons in the shop, but Reynolds appeared to be managing the business. The officer left me in charge of Solder, who was there, and left Hornsby in charge of a green grocer, but he let him go again.
Prisoner SOLDER. Q. Were there not some other boys playing at marbles with me? A. No.
Prisoner REYNOLDS. Q. Was the green grocer desired to look after me as well as Hornsby? A. Yes; you were not taken for some days afterwards.


                  GEORGE 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am a shoemaker - I live next door to Reynolds - Mrs. Reynolds is ill in bed - I have not seen her this six months. I was in their shop when Hornsby brought in a tea chest. I went in for some shoes I was to mend. I had seen Hornsby before, the prisoner Reynolds was in the kitchen with Hornsby, but I did not hear what they said to each other. I saw the tea chest carried into the back room - Reynolds's brother was not there at that time. I saw Solder in the shop, but I did not see anything with him. I saw three tea chests in the house. I was there when Maybank came in, and then Reynolds's brother came down stairs. Hornsby got away, but Solder and Reynolds's brother were taken to the watch-house. I saw Mr. Ridge in the shop, he claimed the tea chests. I did not hear Reynolds or Solder say any thing at that time.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am a constable of Chelsea. I was called, about ten minutes before seven o'clock, by Pointer, to go to Mr. Ridge's house. I saw no one there, but I went to Reynold's, and there I found Solder, Hornsby, Gordon, and another person, who was discharged by the Magistrate. I found the three tea chestsin the house - it is a marine at the shop, and the name of " Elizabeth Reynolds" is over the door - she has been confined for some months. Reynolds's brother was not in the shop when I went in, but he came down stairs some time afterwards - I took him into custody, and left Hornsby in custody of a man, but he got away. I told the man to shut the door while I searched the house. The prisoner Reynolds was not taken into custody that night, became I did not know which of them had the charge of the business - but he was taken four or five days afterwards - and committed - there were several other persons in the shop, who were known thieves - I knew them to be persons of bad character, but there was no charge against them then. I know Solder to be a bad character.
Prisoner SOLDER. Q. What do you mean by saying I was a person of bad character? A. He was discharged the last Quarter Sessions; and he has been in my charge three or four times.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SOLDER's Defence. I was coming down the street when Hornsby met me, and said he was going to that shop to buy a pair of second-hand stockings. While we were there Maybank came and said, "Now I have got you all,"
REYNOLDS's Defence. Two men came in and asked would I buy three tea chests - they said they had been bought to make a box of, but they were too slight. I asked my mother if I should buy them - she said Yes, if they had no marks on them. I told them I would - they then went to fetch them. I went out, and when I came back two of the tea chests were left in the shop, an another was brought in immediately - the officer then came in and took them.
SOLDER - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
REYNOLDS - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
