





345. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, sixteen fathoms of rope, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bunyon
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Latimer
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert John 
                     Bunyon
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Donald 
                     M'Leod
                  



               
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. ARABIN.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSTON
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. On the 16th of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner near Limehouse Hole, about a quarter of a mile from the City Canal, carrying a rug on his shoulder, which drew my suspicion, and I asked him where he got it? he said a man gave it to him at Mill-wall - it contained rope. I asked him where he was going to take it to? he said nowhere particular - the rope was in three strands, and each strand of a length; it had been untwisted. Next morning I found the ship, Providence, had been robbed of her hawser. On the 18th of December I searched a field adjoining the canal where the vessel had been fastened, and there found the bit of a hawser, which tallied with that found on the prisoner. It weighs 121 lbs., and is eight fathoms long.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALTON HAYNES
               



            . I am chief mate of the ship, Providence, which laid in the City Canal


. On the 16th of December she was moored with a hawser - eight fathoms of it was cut away. Next day Marston produced one to me which corresponded. I have no doubt of its belonging to the ship. 
               
                  George 
                  Bunyon
               



             is captain of the ship.


                  FREDERICK 
                  TOSSETT
               



            . I am second officer of the Providence. The hawser corresponded in quantity and quality. I have no doubt of its being the same.
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave me the rope to carry - he said he would meet me, and pay me for carrying it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
