





710. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 4 sheets, value 8s.; 1 yard of napkeen, value 6d.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1 yard of cambric, value 6d.; 3 gowns, value 3s.; 1 veil, value 2s.; 4 yards of lace, value 1s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 1 cloak, value 1l., and 2 parasols, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Glover
               




            , spinster
.
SARAH GLOVER. I am single, and live in Middleton-square


. On the 6th of March I heard a cry of Thief! at the back of the house - I went up stairs, and called to Vickers, who lived next door - he climbed over the wall and helped Mr. Perkins to secure the prisoner; the property was found in the houses which were building - this box contains the articles stated in the indictment - it stood on the landing-place with the property in it.


                  JANE 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am servant to Miss Glover. I heard the alarm, and went up stairs to the back attic window - I found it open, and shut it down.


                  RICHARD 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I live at No. 12, Middleton-square, next door to the prosecutrix. I heard a noise in the new building, No. 13, about eight o'clock in the evening; I went into the back yard, and saw the prisoner and another person, on the parapet wall, at No. 11; I then saw them go into the attic window of No. 13; I laid myself on the garden wall; the prisoner came out of the parlour window - I jumped down and seized him; I said"What are you about here?" he said he came to ease himself; I called for assistance, and Miss Glover sprung a rattle; my wife then called Mr. Vickers, who came to my assistance. As we were taking the prisoner out of No. 13, Vickers stumbled over a box, and I said "You villain, where did you get this - you have been robbing the poor girl of her property;" I called to Miss Glover, and told her she had been robbed - she looked at the box and said it was her property - I then took him to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  VICKERS
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner into custody - I stumbled over the box and found these things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
