






1345. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     RUSSELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     INGMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, one sugar-basin, value 3 l., and one pair of sugar-tongs, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel John Symons 
                           Trickey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PRICHARD
               



            . On the 21st of September, I slept at Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  John Symons Trickey
               



            's, Upper Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-street


. I know his names, as I served my clerkship to him. About twenty-five minutes to eight o'clock in the morning, I came down stairs, and heard the street door gently shut, and about eight o'clock the servant said the silver sugar basin and sugar tongs were gone, which I had seen on the sideboard cupboard the day before. I found them at Bow-street that day, the tongs were then broken into three pieces. Mr. Trickey has had them sixteen years; the street door was locked; there was no keyhole outside.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a carriage maker. On Saturday morning the 21st of September, about ten minutes to eight o'clock, I was coming down Charlotte-street, and saw the two prisoners in company, about two hundred yards from Mr. Trickey's house, nearer to George-street. Ingman had a parcel in a blue handkerchief; I followed them into Upper Rathbone-place, and there Ingman turned round and saw me looking at them; they both went into Newman's passage; he there gave the parcel to Russell, who put it in his hat. I immediately seized him, and a gentleman held him while I took Russell, and found the sugar basin in his hat, with sugar in it. I took them to the watch-house, and found two latch keys on Russell.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I found the sugar tongs on Russell, broken in three pieces; one piece was concealed in his waistcoat lining, one in the facing, and the other in the cuff of his coat.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Boston delivered me the basin and two skeleton keys. The prosecutor's initials are on the basin and tongs.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
INGMAN'S Defence. I met Russell - he asked me the way to Castle-street, Newman-street. I was going that way; and as we went along, he asked me to hold the parcel while he did up his braces. I was going to give it him again, when the man seized me.
RUSSELL - GUILTY.
INGMAN - GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
