





922. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     TRUMBLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, one apron, value 6 d.; one coat, value30 s.; one waistcoat, value 8 s., and one pair of breeches, value 20 s., the good of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Wheelhouse
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Sarah, his wife
            .


                     SARAH 
                     WHEELHOUSE
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Wheelhouse
               



            ; we live at No. 7, Cobourgh-row, Westminster. On Saturday the 2d of June, about half-past ten or eleven o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Strutton-yard


 - I was coming from Mr. Williams's, the pawnbrokers, in Broadway, with these clothes, which I had redeemed - I had them wrapped up in an apron under my left arm. At the corner of Strutton-ground the prisoner came up; it was a very fine clear evening, and there was a gas light opposite, and the shops were well lit up - my little girl had hold of my right arm - just as I turned round there was a snatch at my bundle - I turned round and saw the prisoner - he made three or four pulls at it, and at last he gave a sudden jerk which almost pulled me to the ground, and I was forced to let go. I looked very hard at him, and positively swear he is the man - he was alone; I cannot be mistaken. I have never found my things. The watchman was going his round, crying half-past ten. The prisoner put the bundle under his left arm and ran across the road, down Great Peter-street. I followed him close to his heels, crying
"Stop thief!" I saw him go in within three or four doors from the Green Man and Still, public-house; I was afraid to go in; the watchman came up in three minutes, but could not find him. I saw him on the Wednesday following at Queen-square office, and knew him again immediately. He had a black coat, or a very dark one; but he had a different dress on at the office. I described him on Sunday to the officer, Gillmore.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. When did it happen - A. Between half past ten and eleven. I did not bring my girl here, as I do not think she properly understands the nature of an oath. I do not know 
               
                  Mary 
                  Walters
               



             - I never said I could not tell the man if I saw him; he had a dark coat on, dark grey mixt trowsers, and white stockings, and a very small hat on; I clearly saw his features. I have had no particular conversation with Wilks; I told him not to speak to him unless he was certain. I have not told him what evidence to give.


                  JOHN 
                  WILKS
               



            . I live at No. 4, Regent-street, Westminster, and work for Mr. Nash, a carpenter in Dover-street, Piccadilly. On the 2d of June, about half-past ten or eleven o'clock at night, I was at the corner of the Bricklayer's Arms, public-house, Strutton-ground; I saw the prisoner follow the woman, (I had seen him once before) she was very near me - I saw him go and snatch a bundle from her left arm. When he took hold of the bundle he pulled it three times and got it from her - I had some medicine in my hand - I saw him run to the corner of Duck-lane; she pursued him. I then went home with the medicine. He had a dark coat, dark mixt trowsers, a coloured handkerchief, and small hat. I told Mrs. Wheelhouse of it that night, and informed Cooper next day. I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. How often have you and she talked the matter over - A. Not above once. She heard what I had to say at the office. I had a good view of his trowsers. I have not conversed with her about it particularly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday, the 3d of June, I was informed of this robbery, and next day the prosecutrix herself told me of it. I took the prisoner in Duck-lane, on Tuesday night, he gave his address, before the Magistrate, to be at Lambeth, I saw him on Saturday, the day of the robbery, about three o'clock in the afternoon, at Knightsbridge, in company with two others, he was then dressed in a pair of grey mixt trowsers, pepper and salt. I do not recollect the colour of his coat. I took him from the description of the prosecutrix and Wilks; he was in company with two others, when I saw him. One of the same men was with him when I took him.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.


                  MARY 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I live in Rochester-row, and get my living by washing. The prisoner told me she did not think she could swear to the man; this was on Sunday, the day after the robbery. She said she could not tell what coat he wore.
COURT. Q. How long have you lived there - A. About three months. I never saw the prisoner. His brother-in-law, found me out last Friday, he did not apply to me before he came to my mistress, Mrs. Gibson, No. 1, Rochester-row, who employs him to carry out linen. I have worked there three months.
Q. Then you have known the brother three months - A. Yes he come there for linen two or three times a week. He lives in Peter-street, he only applied to me last Friday, he subpoened me last Monday night.
Q. When did you hear the prosecutrix say, she should not know the man - A. She came the Sunday after the robbery, and asked if I should know the man - I said, I never saw his face, I had heard her call Stop thief! in the street, and saw a man in a long coat, ran down the street. My sister asked if she should know him, she said she should not. I did not tell my mistress, what she said till last Monday - it was known at our house, the day after the robbery that she had said she did not know him. The prisoner's brother, came to the house frequently. My sister is not here, I told his brother that she heard it.
Q. You say, you saw the robbery, now tell me if you will swear he is not the man - A. He is not the man I saw run - I only saw his back, he had a long coat on. I positively swear he is not the man I saw.
Q. The man you saw commited the robbery - A. I do not know. I saw a man run down Peter-street, I did not see the prosecutrix following him. I heard her call Stop thief! he ran into Duck-lane.
SARAH WHEELHOUSE re-examined. I never told her that I should not know the man. I saw her on the night of the robbery selling matches, by the public-house door, she came up and said
"Is it you that was robbed." I said Yes - she said, she should know the man very well if she saw him, and in consequence of her saying so, I went to her next morning.


                  MARY 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I never said so.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LASH COTTON
               



            . I keep the Green Man and Still, public-house, Pear-street. I remember the prisoner being in my house on the night of the robbery, before it happened; I do not know the day of the month; it was on Saturday, a month or five weeks ago; he came in about half-past nine o'clock with two others, and called for a pot of beer; I do not recollect his going out, but I heard a cry of
"Stop thief!" in the street. I went to thebar and heard a piece of work in the street, that a person was robbed of a bundle; and the people who sat there said they were glad they were there, for if they had been out it might be laid to them. I cannot say where the prisoner was then, as our counter is very high; but a minute or two after I saw him talking with them. It was about half-past ten. I cannot say whether he had left the house; I think he was standing up near the spot I saw him in before.
COURT. Q. How far is your house from where the robbery was committed - A. Less than two hundred yards; a person might run there in two minutes. I think he was dressed as he is now; I will not swear it. I do not know when I was asked to come here; it was before last Sessions; my little boy was ill; I did not come; I had no order to come.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTTERELL
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Peter-street. I saw the prosecutrix run by my window, after the thief, as I stood in my shop. The prisoner does not answer the description of the man I saw pass - I thought him a taller man.
COURT. Q.Who had the best view of him, the person robbed, or you who only had a glimpse - A. I should think she had. I was not asked to come here till last Monday.


                  EDMUND 
                  WINCH
               



            . I keep a lodging-house at No. 17, Duck-lane. On this night I went into the Green Man and Still, public-house, for a pot of beer - it is three doors off, and had returned about a minute, and heard a bustle in the street - I came out, and the prosecutrix said she was robbed of her bundle. I know the prisoner was in the public-house when I went there, smoking with the company. I heard the alarm six or eight minutes after.
COURT. Q. Did you know him before - A. I had seen him six or eight times; I know one of the men who was smoking with him - he cannot attend, as he has got a lamplighter's place at Westminster. I went home and laid my cloth for supper, and in less than ten minutes heard the cry. The prisoner was in the house when she came to the door; he had not been out.
Q. Who applied to you to become a witness - A. A man came last Monday and brought me a paper. I happened to say, I wondered that woman could take such a false oath. I told two or three of the neighbours that he was in the house - I told Cotton, Bowyer, and Mrs. Mason so. I thought if I said much they would have me up, and so I told nobody else. I saw the prosecutrix with the officers on the Sunday looking for the man. Walters pointed her out. I just twigged her face at the public-house door on on the night of the robbery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the Green Man and Still, public-house, on a Saturday night - I think it was four months ago. I had a pint of beer, and Trumble was there drinking. Between ten and eleven o'clock I heard a woman coming down Duck-lane, calling
"Stop thief!" several times - Trumble was then in the tap-room - I had been there above half an hour or more; he was dressed as he is now.
COURT. Q. Where do you live - A. At No. 40, Duck-lane. I only knew him by sight - I have known him four or five years. I sell vegetables. I do not know where he lived. He was facing me in the tap-room; it is a small old room. I saw Winch that day at his own door. I did notice him come in. The prisoner was drinking with two more, who I knew by sight - I have seen them since in the street, A friend of the prisoner's asked me to come here last Sessions. I did not see the prisoner, as I was ill in bed - I mentioned this to the landlord soon after the robbery.


                  EDMUND 
                  WINCH
               



             re-examined. I saw the prisoner at my own door on the night of the robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
