






1682. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNINGS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, three books, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Wright
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Wright
               



            .
PETER WRIGHT. I am in partnership with my son William - we are booksellers

, and live in Broad-street, St. Giles's


. These three books are ours - they were safe in the shop about ten minutes before the officer gave me information; they were tied up as they are now, with a label on the outside.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Were they outside the door? A. No, on the cill - a person could not have reached them without coming on the step.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I was going to the Westminster sessions a little before ten o'clock in the morning of the 22d of October; the prisoner passed me with these books in Belton-street, Long-acre; I overtook him again in Broker's-alley, and asked him where he got them; he said he bought them for 1 l. in Paternoster-row. Mr. Wright afterwards claimed them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he purchased them of a person in the street? A. No; not to my recollection.
Prisoner's Defence. I told him I had some books which I had bought of a licensed hawker of books, coming from Paternoster-row; to bind, and send to a friend in the country, as a present. I told him I gave 30 s. for them, which is the full value.
SAMUEL FURZEMAN. He did not say any thing of the kind - he told me and Mr. Wright that he bought them in Paternoster-row.
MR. WRIGHT. He only said he bought them in Pater-noster-row; I said there was not time to have brought them from there. When he got to the office he changed his story, and said of a person coming from Paternoster-row.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
