





1722. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  SINGLETON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 6 decanters, value 3l. 17s., the goods of 
                     
                        Barnaby 
                        Dunn
                     




                  , her master, in his dwelling-house
            .
BARNABY DUNN. I am a glass and china-man
, and live in the Haymarket


. The prisoner was my servant
 - she left me on the 1st or 2d of May, and after she was gone I missed these six decanters from a glass case in my shop, where they had been with many others; she had access to the shop in a morning, and when she went out; the cases are kept locked, but the key is always in the door - these are the decanters - two of them are odd ones, and I have the fellows; the others have the mark at the bottom, which is always taken off when they are sold; I am quite sure I had six decanters like these in my shop, shortly before she left.


                  HANNAH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live in Princes-street - my husband is a boot-maker. On Saturday, the 6th of May, the prisoner, whom I had not seen before, came to my house with a woman whom I knew; the prisoner said she had let that old lady have a pair of decanters to get some fruit for her stall, and on the 4th of May she had let her have another pair to get some clothes for herself; she wanted me to lend her the money, and go with her to get them out before her mistress knew it; she said she lived with a lady in Regent-street, who performed at the Opera; I went to Mr. Cameron's, the pawnbroker, in the Strand, with the woman, but I did not get the decanters out; Mr. Cameron had stopped them - I did not own them as mine; I had known the old woman by seeing her stand every day with fruit at the corner of my kitchen window; I found there were six decanters at Cameron's - she said there were but four.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cameron, a pawnbroker. On the 1st of May a woman pawned a pair of decanters for 10s. in the name of Mack; on the 5th of May she brought two pairs more; the same woman came on Saturday the 6th of May, with the prisoner.



                  SUSAN 
                  BOWLES
               



            . The prisoner came to me, and asked me to go and own these decanters, as she had lent them to the woman to get fruit for her stall.


                  ROBERT 
                  TITHERDY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dunn, of the Haymarket; the prisoner lived servant there. I recollect the old woman who sold fruit - but I do not know that it was the same woman the witness saw - I never saw any decanters handed to her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never went into the shop, but to get wood to light the fire.




               GUILTY. Aged 20. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
