





1570. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 2 pieces of woollen cloth, containing 43 yards, value 27l., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lacy
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fisher
                     



.
JOHN FISHER. I live with Mr. Lacy, in Church-passage, Basinghall-street; I am his errand boy
, and lived with him about nine weeks. On the 31st of July, about four or five o'clock in the evening, he gave me two ends of cloth, to carry from Wood-street, to his warehouse in Church-passage; when I got into Lad-lane


 I was stopped by the prisoner, who asked me to go and fetch him a coach, and he would give me 6d.; he was standing in a passage in Lad-lane; I went for the coach, and when I came back he and the parcels were gone, he had helped it off my back and gave me the sixpence before I went - I left it with him; I was not gone more than five minutes; I am not sure he is the man; I did not take much notice of him, and do not know how he was dressed; I do not think he had a hat on.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not your master very angry with you for not swearing to the man? A. Yes - he did not say I was d-d little villain, nor a young villain; I did not say he was the man at last; I do not know whether he had a coat on, he had a waistcoat on; I do not think he had a coat, as I saw something white about his arms; the prisoner was brought to me in less than half an hour; I had the cloth on my back, and did not look at his face at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  LACY
               



            . I am a Blackwell-hall factor, and live in Church-passage, Basinghall-street. On the 31st of July I went with my errand-boy into Wood-street to fetch two pieces of cloth, which were put on his shoulder; he turned down Lad-lane and I down Love-lane, and when I got down by the church, at the end of Love-lane, I saw the prisoner carrying the two ends of cloth on his shoulder; I thought they looked like mine; I had been absent from the boy about five minutes; I went across, took up the end of the cloth, and saw the number by which I identified it, and asked him where he was going with the goods; he said he was going to Bishopsgate-street with them, that a gentleman in Lad-lane sent him with them; I asked his name - he said he did not know; he kept walking on; I said they were my goods, and as we got near Browns, the clothworkers, I got the door open, put him in, and gave him in charge; the cloth is worth about 27l.; I was about three hundred yards from Lad-lane.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not ask you to go back to the place where the gentleman gave him the cloth? A. No;I do not remember anything of the sort; I was at the Compter with the boy; I do not recollect saying anything to him about identifying the man; I most likely was angry with him, but not for not identifying him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
