





105. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 saw, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Edwards
                     



                  ; 1 saw, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Barker
                     



                  ; 1 square, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cooper
                     



                  , and 1 square, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Newman
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  ABEL
               



            . I live in Phoenix-street, Hackney-road, and am a wheelwright. On the 7th of November I was walking in the road, and met the prisoner, (who was a stranger,) walking with another lad; he had a saw buttoned in his coat; I passed him, and then came back and asked him what saw that was; he said "Which?" and Isaw there were two of them; he said were they mine. I then took him to an officer. As we were going along two squares were picked up behind us, but I did not see them fall from the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am an officer. While I was at the Salmon and Ball public house, the prisoner was brought in by Abel. I took him to Worship-street - I have two saws and two squares.
JOHN EDWARDS. I am a carpenter
. I was at work at a house at Hackney


 - I went to dinner, and on my return I missed my saw.
THOMAS BARKER. I am a carpenter
. I was at work at an adjoining house - I had left my saw there, and when I returned it was gone.
JOHN COOPER. I am a carpenter
. I was at work in Durham-street; this square is mine - it was taken from the buildings.
JOHN NEWMAN. I am a carpenter
. I lost this square from a building in Durham-street - I know nothing of the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. About half past nine o'clock on the morning of the 7th of November, I went up Church-row to Cambridge-heath turnpike - a man came up to me with some tools, and asked me to carry the two saws as far as Shoreditch; he gave them to me, and I went on - the first witness caught hold of me, and asked where I had boned the two saws; I said "They don't belong to you, nor to me;" as he was not the man who gave them to me. I had no other person with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
