





319. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CHISLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, 3 caps, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Barker
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing, 1 cap, value 1s., the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bishop
                  



               
            ; 1 cap, value 1s., the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Chapman 
                     Bishop
                  



               
            ; and 1 cap, value 1s., the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Haines
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I keep a school
 at Stoke Newington


. On the 21st of December last I was sitting up at night in my gardener's tool-house; the prisoner made his appearance in the garden, about half-past two o'clock in the morning - he must have got over the wall: as soon as he saw me he attempted to make his escape - I had a gun loaded with small shot, and fired at him; I and my gardener took him - these three caps, which belong to my scholars, were found on him.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM
               



             BISHOP. I am one of Mr. Barker's scholars. This cap is mine - it hung up in the play-room, which adjoins the house.


                  GEORGE 
                  SPEECHLEY
               



             BISHOP. I am a scholar of Mr. Barker's. This cap is mine, and was in the play-room.
CHARLES GREATHURST. I am the gardener. I was sitting up with Mr. Barker; about half-past two o'clock the prisoner came, and we secured him.
WILLIAM BURNS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and had his wounds dressed; he had a few scores in his back, nothing particular - I found these caps on him.
Prisoner. I hope you will take into consideration that I suffered a great deal by it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
