





1347. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CARTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, a crown, and two half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        David 
                        Williams
                     




                  , from his person
            .
DAVID WILLIAMS. I am a tailor
. On the 23d of July, I was in Bedfordbury, Covent-garden


, about two o'clock in the morning - I had been drinking a little, but knew what I was about. I saw the prisoner, who asked me to treat her with a glass of porter. I said if she would go into a house I would, and did. When we came out, she wanted me to go with her, and I said I should not. I stood talking with a friend of mine at the door - she kept asking me to go with her. I then felt her hand coming out of my breeches pocket. I missed a crown piece, and two half-crowns - she ran away, and was pursued - the money was found upon her.
Prisoner. When I first met him in Bow-street, he said he had met with a female, and gone with her to Long-lane, or Long-acre; and that he had been there a week before, and they had stripped him of his clothes, and then he asked me to go and have a glass of porter with him.
Witness. I had not said a word to her, till she asked me to give her a glass of porter.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I was watch-house keeper. The prosecutor came in with the prisoner; he charged her with having robbed him of a crown piece, and two half crowns. I searched her myself, and found this money on her; she said a gentleman had given her the two half-crowns, but she gave no account of the crown - she did not appear to me to be in liquor.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOWNS
               



            . I was the watchman. I took her into custody, and saw her searched, and the money found upon her; the prosecutor stated that the date of the crown was 1821.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
