





1295. 
               
                  CHARLES TOSANTE 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 26 yards of linen, value 3l.; 11 yards of ribbon, value 8s.; 10 yards of silk, value 45s., and 44 buttons, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Edwards
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS EDWARDS. I am a linen-draper
, and live in High-street, Mary-le-bone


; the prisoner was in my employ about five months, and left about the 20th of February - I had no suspicion of him; I ordered him to take stock of the Irish linens in November - there was a piece among them, which I have since seen - it is marked "No. 60, M. G. W." in my own writing; I received information in May last, and went to Susannah Bowen, who shewed me part of that piece of linen; I did not know of any of it being sold; she also shewed me some grosde de Naples, some ribbon, and pearl buttons; the prisoner had no authority to dispose of my goods on his own account, nor on commission, neither for me nor anybody else - I never knew of his selling goods to Bowen; there is an account in my stock-book of some of the linen being sold.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. He left you on the 20th? A. Yes; he went out on pleasure I understood - he returned on the Monday, and said his absence was caused by illness; I said I should not take him again, and he went away; I saw him again a few days after at his lodgings, No. 27, London-terrace, Hackney-road; I did not say I was sorry I could not take him again - I have a person named Balding in my employ - he is here; I never knew of my servants selling goods to each other - he proposed to take the stock in November.
Mr. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever authorize them to sell to each other? A. I authorized Balding to sell the prisoner twenty-four yards of gros de Naples, but nothing else - it has not been paid for; here is the stock-book - this piece is entered as cut, and not to be put with whole pieces.
COURT. Q. Was the stock taken by him or you? A. By him; it was only of the Irish linen; I saw this Irish entered in the book, and might see the piece - it was marked when it came in, which was not twelve months ago; I had no other of that mark; the book is in the prisoner's handwriting - he states it to be on hand in November.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you quite sure you never authorized him to dispose of this linen? A. Yes.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bowen
               



            , and live at No. 27, London-terrace. I am a dress-maker. About this time last year I made up some millinery for the prisoner, and in February last he came with some - I worked for him till then; he said he lived with Mr. Edwards, and that in July Mr. Edwards was going to take him into partnership; that he had a large sum coming to him, and that Mr. Edwards had a warehouse in Cheapside, and allowed him part of it, and two days in a week to sell by commission: he brought me patterns of different articles to purchase; I gave him an order on the 10th of February for a whole piece of Irish, which I received; I cut part of it up, and the other is in possession of the officer - it was marked "No. 60, M. G. W." I also ordered ten yards of gros de Naples; he brought some gauze ribbons, and pearl buttons, which I had not ordered.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you always given the same account of this transaction? A. Yes; I told the Magistrate that he said he was allowed to sell on commission; here is"No. 6" on the Irish - the letters are on the paper it was in.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWEL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Cold Arbour-street, Hackney, on the 15th of May; he denied the charge; I said, "You recollect the linen and things you sold Mrs. Bowen?" he said, "I did; they were Mr. Edward's once, but I bought them of him."
MR. EDWARDS. I believe this to be my linen: this mark on it is my writing - the other goods are mine: I never authorized him to sell any of them - here is a remnant which matches the silk.

Prisoner's Defence. This Irish was not his; I was in the habit of purchasing goods from two hawkers for four or five years, and serving my friends in the country - I had the linen from one of the hawkers: but I cannot ascertain in what part of the country he is now in.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALDING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Edwards. I sold the prisoner a piece of silk of Mr. Edwards'; it was this piece of gros de Naples; I cut it from this piece - he had not paid for it; I was told to cut it off, and I did.
COURT. Q. When was this? A. I do not recollect the month; I cut him twenty-four yards, and entered it in a book - master told me to let him have it; I am his apprentice.
MRS. BOWEN. I bought twenty-four yards of black-silk of him, besides this ten yards; I made up all the twenty-four yards - this is not part of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
