






1166. 
               
                  PHOEBE 
                  JONES
               



             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     AMOS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of Augest
, seven dresses, value 3 l.; one shawl, value 2 s.; one scarf, value 2 s.; three caps, value 2 s.; one veil, value 1 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s., and one spencer, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Wood
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARY 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wood
               



            , an ironmonger
. We live in Tottenham-court-road


, the articles stated in the indictment were in the back room on the first floor, except the caps, which were in the front room. I saw them safe at ten o'clock in the morning, on the 24th of August, and I missed them between two and three, and found them in pawn the same day. The prisoners are both strangers. We let out three apartments, but keep the first floor to ourselves. About twelve o'clock I went into the room, but did not discover the robbery till between three and four o'clock.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 24th of August between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I apprehended Amos at a house in Colvill-court, Charlotte-street, and asked her for the duplicates of the things she had pawned that day; she said she had none, but would give me some of things she had pawned on a former occasion. She was the only person in the room, and in the table drawer I found two caps, and under the bed, concealed behind a box, were a gown, a spencer, and a handkerchief. I then searched her person, and from under her stays, after great resistance, I found a pocket concealed, containing three duplicates, and then found another duplicate in the drawer. Wood claimed the things in pawn. Next morning I took Jones in Church-street, St. Giles's; she said she was at Amos's when she brought some things, but she knew nothing of them.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Read, his account is correct.


                  THOMAS 
                  VINES
               



            . I belong to Bow-street, and was with Read and Robinson.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Lorton, pawnbroker, Green-street, Leicester-square. I have two gowns and a scarf. I was present on the 24th of August, when the prisoners pawned them, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Carter
               



            , 25, Water-street, it was towards the evening. I do not know which pawned them.


                  WALTER 
                  OWEN HALLS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of August, Amos pawned two gowns for 16 s. in the name of Carter.


                  HENRY 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dobree. A cap was pawned for 2 s. 6 d. I did not take it in.


                  ROBERT 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Sampson, of Greek-street, Soho. About six o'clock in the evening Amos pawned a gown and scarf for 17 s. I am certain of her person. I told her I thought they did not belong to her; she said she brought them for a lady.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
AMOS'S Defence. I am guilty of pawning them, but not of knowing them to be stolen.
JONES'S Defence. I was minding her room while she went out, she came in with a bundle, and I went to one pawnbroker's with her.
AMOS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
