






423. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KENNEDY
               



             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Redhead
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM REDHEAD. I am a ship-agent
. I was in the Strand


 between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and had a handkerchief in my coat pocket; I did not see any person near me, or feel it taken, till the officer came and gave me information; I then saw two persons in custody; I do not know who they were.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure you had your handkerchief? A. I had when I came out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the Strand on Sunday, the 23d of December, and saw the prisoners following the prosecutor, nearly opposite Water-street; they were in company - I crossed over, saw them try his pocket, and when opposite Waterloo-bridge they tried very hard, and opposite Southampton-street Kennedy succeeded in getting the handkerchief from his pocket - I saw him take it: Thompson was close behind, looking out- they crossed the street, towards us; I took them, and found the handkerchief in Kennedy's coat pocket; Phillips, who was with me, went and told the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. You say "They" tried, who was that? A. Kennedy - I might say "They;" I did not see Thompson touch the pocket.


                  JESSEE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was with Whittingham, and saw the prisoners following Mr. Redhead and a lady; they attempted his pocket several times, and tried very hard by Waterloo-bridge; Thompson kept looking out, and closed up to the other, and near Southampton-street Kennedy took the handkerchief; Thompson was close behind, hiding what he did; I believe he took it from the right-hand pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. You say "They tried very hard?" A. Yes, and I say so again; Thompson did not put his hand to the pocket, but he closed up, and put his hand quite close. I often parade the streets to take such rascals; I get nothing for it.
JURY. Q. What are you, an independant gentleman? A. No; I am a hardwareman.
WILLIAM REDHEAD. I have every reason to think this is my handkerchief; there is no mark on it.
KENNEDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
