





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
858. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, two sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Pascol Paoli 
                           Field
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  PASCOL 
                  PAOLI FIELD
               



            . I lodge at the Hungerford coffee-house, Strand. On the 27th of May, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I was in James-street, Covent-garden


 - the prisoner followed me; I desired her to be off repeatedly; she kept catching hold of me. I said I should give her in charge if she persisted in annoying me; she then desired something to drink; we were passing the King's Arms


, and in order to get rid of her I took her in, and while I was telling them to give her something, she thrust her hand into my pocket - I had a silk purse, which contained four sovereigns, a half-crown, and a sixpence; I had seen it while supping at the Hummums. She took the purse out; I saw it in her hand - she ran from me into a crowd of persons, who were in the room; I kept my eye fixed on her, and followed her. I seized her, and drew her out of the crowd; she told me to let her go, and denied robbing me. I made towards the street door, and gave her in charge. She entreated me not to expose her, but if I would go to the next street she would return the purse; I followed her there, keeping hold of her; shegave me the purse; I examined it, and found two of the sovereigns were taken out of it; she had turned round before she gave it me; she might have taken it out then, or when she ran into the crowd. I told her she had robbed me of two sovereigns, and if she did not return them I would charge the watch with her - she denied it. I met a watchman, and gave her to him - she appeared agitated at the watch-house, and kept moving her mouth about - the watchman seized her by neck, and one sovereign fell from her mouth. She appeared from the motion of her throat to have swallowed the other. I found a farthing put into my purse instead of the sovereign. I was perfectly sober.


                  JAMES 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a patrol. I took her in charge. Ashton seized her by the neck, and the sovereign dropped from her.


                  JAMES 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I saw her at the watch-house, seized her by the neck and throat, and the sovereign dropped - she had said she had no money at all.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in company with several men and women; he asked me to drink, but gave me nothing; then followed me out, and said I had robbed him. The sovereign was one a gentleman had given me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
