







2096. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TEWSBURY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEAL
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 purse, value 9d.; 3 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rickarby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
COLLINS 


               pleaded GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
WILLIAM RICKARBY. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Vine-street, Hutton-wall. About eight o'clock last Saturday evening I was going down Holborn, towards home - I had had too much in the course of the afternoon; I met some women, but I have but a very faint recollection of them; I had had a purse with some silver, but I do not know whether I had it at that time.
WILLIAM JEFFREYS. I saw the prosecutor and the three prisoners come into the Castle tavern, Holborn


 - they called for half a pint of liquor - the prosecutor took out his purse and paid for it - he had change for half a crown, and put 1s. 6d. into his purse again; his purse had some other silver which looked like half-crowns in it - he put it into his left-hand pocket - I saw Collins put her hand into his pocket and take out his purse; the other two prisoners were sitting opposite her, they saw it, and winked at her - I told the officer, who took Collins, and found the purse on her - they were all taken before they left the box.
 -. I am an officer. I took this purse from Collins.(Property produced and sworn to.)
TEWSBURY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
NEAL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
