





798. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SHUTE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, one necklace, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Cash
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Cash
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  CASH
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Cash
               



            , who keeps the Union, public-house, Union-street, Shoreditch
. On the 3d of May, I was looking at the chimney sweeps in Crabtree-row


; the prisoner came behind me, and snatched the necklace from my neck. I had said to Purvis who was with me, let us go away for they want to rob us, and then he snatched it, and ran down Robin Hood-lane - he was brought back in about ten minutes. I am sure of him.


                  AMELIA 
                  PURVIS
               



            . I was with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cash
               



            . I saw the prisoner come behind her, and put his hands on her back; I said,
"Let us go," and as we crossed over, he snatched the necklace off her neck. He was brought back about ten minutes after. I am quite sure of him.


                  PHOEBE 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I live in Duncan's-court, Shoreditch. I saw him run down the court in a very great fright and did not know which way to run; he ran into a privy and shut the door - a mob came after him, and before they ran down the court, two girls ran to the privy; he ran out and tried to knock some of them down. The necklace was found in the privy immediately.


                  MARY 
                  CHARLTON
               



            . I am sixteen years old. I saw the prisoner come out of the privy; I went in soon after and found the necklace on a ledge above my head.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I took him in charge with the necklace.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I just turned into the court for a necessary purpose and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
