





1185. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TOSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, twenty quarters of malt, value 60 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick William 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM TAYLOR
               



            . I am a farmer
 and maltster
, and live at Cudham, in Kent


. On the 22d of February, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner go into my malting door, I never saw him before; thinking he wanted me, I opened my door and went out; he said, "I understand you have some malt to sell;" I said, "Very little, my stock is short"; he said, "I was informed you had a great deal to sell. I come from Messrs. Cavey and Killing, you know them" (one of them is a maltster in the neighbourhood); I said, "I know them very well, but I have very little malt to sell, what I have I will shew you; will you walk in and take breakfast." He breakfasted with me - he said, "You do not know me, I am doing business for Thatchell and Rowell, of Winsley-street, near the Pantheon, Oxford-street, brewers;" I knew them to be brewers. I shewed him the malt, and said I had not many to spare, but if they liked them, as my house was in full work, I could soon make them; he said, "I want sixty quarters, and if my employers approve of them when they come in, we will make it two hundred;" he said, I understand the nature of malting, I have been in that line myself, and yours are just such malts as we want to make our stock beer; I asked him 64 s. a quarter; he said, "That is rather too much, as I want them for ready money." I do not know whether you know my employers' manner of business, but we do not ask credit of any man." I said, to be sure ready money was an object, and I would take off 1 s. a quarter; we finally agreed that 63 s. a quarter should be the price for sixty quarters. They were to be delivered in scores; he was anxious to have the first delivery as early as he could, as he said the time of year for making stock beer was spending fast. This was Tuesday, I said it would not be possible to send them next day, as they would require some getting ready, and agreed to send them on Thursday to Thatchell and Rowell; he said "You need not trouble yourself to come up, if you send a bill and receipt by the waggoner, it will be the same thing as if you came for the money." I, not knowing any thing of the parties, replied, that I was going as far as Greenwich that morning, and would tide up and receive the money, which was to be sixty guineas; he went with me into the counting-house, and I took down, from his mouth, the address of the persons they were going to, "Messrs. Thatchell and Rowell, Winsley-street, near Oxford-street." He left, I do not believe that I asked his name - I dealt with him from his own expression of his employers, we alluding to Thatchell and Co. I had the malt made ready and sent it on Thurday morning by my waggoner, and told him to take them to Thatchell and Co.'s, and not to get there till nine in the morning, when I would be there and see them all measured myself. When I got there I found neither the malt or waggon; I saw Mr. Rowell, he said he knew nothing of the transaction. I suspected there was some trick - I did not find my waggon till I got home. I immediately commenced a search for the prisoner, but could not find him till three weeks ago.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You found where the malt was - I found it at Holmes's brew-house, near the Yorkshire Stingo, at Paddington. The money has been offered me since he has been in custody; a man, who came with a letter from the officer, offered it to me, and it was offered again at Marlborough-street. I would not have taken it if I had not been advised not; the Magistrate did not advise me to take it - he advised the man to put the money up, and say no more about it. It was not tendered to me; the prisoner mentioned Thatchell and Co., when he first looked at the malt, I did not treat with him on his own account, but as their agent; I should not have looked to him for the money, if they had failed.
Q. Have you brought an action against Holmes for the money - A. No; I have demanded the money several times from him.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know his name, or any thing about him - A. No; I took down Thatchell and Co. and considered them as the buyers - the money was offered three weeks ago.


                  JOHN 
                  OLIVE
               



            . I am waggoner to Mr. Taylor. On the 22d of February, he gave me twenty quarters of malt to deliver to Messrs. Thatchell and Co., near Oxford-road; I had a written direction, I met the prisoner at Charing-cross (I had seen him down at my master's before), he said they had just took another brewhouse, and I was to go along with him; he took the paper from me, and took me to the Yorkshire Stingo, public-house, we stopped about 20 rods off, for about a quarter of an hour, as he said there were so many brewers drays in the yard, we could not getin - we then went in, and the men in the brewhouse helped to unload the malt; the prisoner got on the waggon, and helped to move the sacks - it was shot in the store-house with other malt, and mixed; he gave me 2 s. 6 d., some beer, bread, and cheese, and said he would go and send my master to me; but instead of that, a porter came to me, and in consequence of what he said, I went to the foot of Westminster-bridge, to wait till my master came to me, for I was to take a load of dung home - we waited there nearly an hour, then my master's sister came by; I went back to the Yorkshire Stingo, public-house, but could not find the prisoner there.
Cross-examined. Q. The men at Holmes's brewery helped to unload it - A. Yes; the prisoner carried none, but on entering the yard, there is an archway; he helped to move the sacks, to let the waggon under - I did not go into the granary except with the last sack, to see it measured, and saw it in a heap.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I keep the Yorkshire Stingo, brew-house, at Paddington. and was present when Olive delivered part of this malt; the prisoner stood by the waggon looking on, while my men carried it in. I had bought that malt the day before of 
               
                  George 
                  Hans
               



            , who I now understand lives in Circus-street, Marylebone - he was present at the delivery, I was to give 54 s. a quarter. I have no connection whatever with Thatchell's house, nor did I bargain with them for it. I had not employed the prisoner or any body to go into the country to look for malt.
Cross-examined. Q. Hans was present - A. Yes; I considered it worth 58 s.; but I was not in want at the time.


                  MOSES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live in Crawford-street, Bryanston-square. In February last, the prisoner sent me with a message to the Yorkshire Stingo, to the waggoner and his boy, the prisoner said his name was Mr. Taylor, that he came from Winsley-street, and that I should see his waggon and horses in the yard, and the man and boy in the public-house, having bread, cheese, and beer, and I was to shew them the way to the Crown, public-house at the foot of Westminster-bridge, and to wait there till he came; he gave me a shilling, and said he would give me another when he came to the bridge - I shewed the waggoner there, and staid there an hour and a half, he never came, and I never had the other shilling.
Cross-examined. Q. When was this - A. On the 22d of February. I was in conversation with him about five minutes, I am positive he is the man.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  THATCHELL
               



            . I am a brewer, and live in Winsley-street, Oxford-road. The prisoner was never employed by us in any way whatever; we have no connection with the brewers at Paddington; I am in partnership with Mr. Rowell.
Cross-examined. Q. You have clerks - A. Two; named Bewsher and Miell. No malt was offered me, at this time I had a good supply; if I wanted any, I should have applied myself.
MR. ROWELL. In February, I was in partnership with Mr. Thatchell. The prisoner was never employed to do any thing for our house. I have seen him once before.
Cross-examined. Q. Where - A. At our counting-house. It was not to offer malt, I know nothing of any proposal being made to send me sixty quarters about this time.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it on my own account, with the honest intention of paying for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
