





315. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     M'CARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Gilman
                        




                     
                  , widow
, one pocket-book, value 6 d.; eight sixpences, and one 1 l. Bank note, her property
            .


                  MARY 
                  GILMAN
               



            . I am a widow. On the 28th of December, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was at the White Bear, Lambeth-street


, the prisoner sat on my right side for sometime - the pocket-book, with the money, was in my right-hand pocket. I did not feel him take it, but when he went out I missed it. I knew him before - he is a sail-cloth weaver
, and worked where I did. He did not return to the house. I was sober. I called there to see a woman whom he lived with.


                  JOHN 
                  BOUTLE
               



            . I am street-keeper of Whitechapel. On the 28th of December, about half-past nine o'clock, I was going down Rosemary-lane, heard a noise at a public-house, and went to see what was the matter; the landlord was disputing with the prisoner about some liquor, because he could not give him change for a 1 l. note - I said I could give him change, which I did, and asked him his name? he said Brown, No. 74, Lambeth-street, next door to the White Bear. I went to the White Bear with him to have a pint of porter - I enquired of the landlord if he knew him? he said he lived next door, and that his name was M'Carthy. I then suspected the note was forged, and took him to the watch-house. While I was there a man came and told me to detain him for robbing the prosecutrix - she came to identify the note.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPRAY
               



            . I and the prisoner went to the White Bear; he sat by the side of the prosecutrix. I am sure I saw him fumbling at her right-hand pocket. He always went by the name of M'Carthy.


                  SIMON 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought there. He asked to go into the yard. He called the prosecutrix out, and said,
"If you will hold your tongue you shall have your pocket-book in half an hour." In about three-quarters of an hour afterwards he said he knew nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
