





1042. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, one watch, value 1 l., and one seal, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Seall
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SEALL
               



            . The prisoner lived at my father's house, at Chelsea. I carried a box to town for her - my father told me to carry it as far as St. James's-park, and gave me some money to bring some things from Newport-street. She said as I was going there I could carry it to King-street, Drury-lane. She took me into a public-house, and gave me a glass of gin and some porter - then she took me into another public-house, in Long-acre, and gave me another glass of gin. I had never drank any before, and this was before breakfast. She took me to King-street, Drury-lane


, up-stairs to her apartment. I put her box down in the room; I found myself very ill and giddy - she said I had better lay down on the bed. I was very sick indeed, and she told the landlady I was her brother, or I should not stop. I laid down on the bed and fell a-sleep. I had 5 s. in my breeches pocket, and my watch in my fob; and when I awoke, which was between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I missed my watch from my fob; the 5 s. was safe. I got off the bed, and an old woman in the room said she did not know what became of the watch. I waited till five o'clock expecting her - she did not come. I went home and told my father - he went to look for the watch, and found it in pawn, I am fifteen years old.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. You never tasted gin before - A. Never. I was very tipsy; a friend of hers joined us in the street, but my watch was safe when she left us.


                  CHARLES 
                  HANSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Drury-lane. I have a watch and gold seal, pawned by the prisoner on the 6th of June, in the name of Pike.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder
