






867. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  NEWELLS
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MUNDY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 1 coat, value 38s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Tritton
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  COATSWORTH
               



            . I live with Mr. John Tritton, in Gloucester-place


; this coat was lost from my master's stables, at the back of his house; it is a blue box-coat, with livery buttons, and had a horse on the buttons - I had left it in the stable at half-past four o'clock on the 13th of February - I saw one of the prisoners before the Magistrate on the 15th or 16th, and the other a day or two afterwards.


                  STEPHEN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am servant to Lady Bellingham - I was in Montague-street on the 13th of February between four and five o'clock, and saw the two prisoners - Mundyasked if I would give him something to drink; I said I had no money; Newells then called him, and they went into Gloucester-mews West - they went without a coat - I was waiting for a friend, who came out, and while I was speaking to him the two prisoners came out at the other end of the mews into Gloucester-street - they then had a blue coat with yellow buttons - I could not see the crest, but I saw there were five capes to the coat, if not more - I did not hear them talk to each other, but I followed them down several streets into Monmouth-street - they went into a clothes-shop there, which I knew, but I do not know who keeps it - they came out again with a coat, which appeared to me to be the same - they then went as far as a street near Long-acre, and there I left them - I was afraid to follow them any further - I had not presence of mind to call for assistance.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was with you? A. Thomas Evans - they had several examinations before the Magistrate - a man named Emmanuel, who keeps a clothes-shop was examined; he said they were not the men who brought the coat - a man named Cole was also examined - Mundy had a kind of brown frock-coat on - it was not a dark brown - I said at the office it was a long brown frock-coat.
COURT. Q. Did you observe the coat that they were carrying particularly? A. It was a box-coat; it passed close to my arm and I looked at it.
Prisoner MUNDY. Q. If you knew me so well, why did not you stop me at once, as you have given out that I am a thief, and could not keep a place for these three years? A. I said I had seen him out of place for a long time - I followed him so far because I suspected he had stolen it.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



            . I was with Morris - it was about twenty-five minutes before five o'clock when they went into the shop with the coat - I saw the prisoners come out of the mews - Newells had the coat in his arms, and Mundy turned back to see if there was any body coming out of the mews - he then took the coat, and they went on together - it was a blue coat with a yellow button, they went through Portman-square, from thence through Portman-street, and several other streets, towards the Seven-dials; they took the coat into a clothes-shop, but I do not know the name of the street, they came out with a coat and went into another shop, a little way off, and there I missed them - I was turning a corner, and heard a door shut, but I could not tell where it was - we waited five or ten minutes - in the meantime they came out again with the coat, and Morris said we would not follow them any further.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the owners of the two shops examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes - we did not stop the prisoners because we had no right to do so - I cannot say what kind of coat Mundy had on, because the capes of the coat he was carrying hung very low down his back - it was not a long coat - it might come to about the knees - I have seen Emmanuel and Cole here to-day - I do not know the name of the streets in which the shops were.


                  JOHN 
                  GUDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Newells on the 15th - I told him it was about a great coat: he said he knew nothing about it - I then went, on the 16th, with the two witnesses to the Duke of York public-house, in Shepherd-street, where I found Mundy; he said he knew nothing at all about it - I asked what he had done with the great-coat which he got from the other man on Tuesday night - he said he had no great-coat - they were examined several times on account of the coachman being so ill he could not attend.
Mr. PHILLIPS called -


                  MOSS 
                  EMMANUEL
               



            . I keep a shop at No. 42, Monmouth-street. I was examined before the Magistrate - I heard the two witnesses say they watched the two prisoners into my shop - I remember that two persons did come to my shop, but I was engaged at the time - I did not take notice of them, and cannot say whether they were the prisoners; I would not buy the coat of them.
COURT. Q. Did you notice the coat or the buttons? A. There was a crest of a horse or a lion on the buttons - I did not particularly notice it; my shop is rather dark.
- COLE. I live in Broad-street. I was summoned to attend before the Magistrate - I heard the two witnesses say they saw the prisoners go into Belton-street - I do not remember their coming to my shop - I never saw either of them in my life.
NEWELLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
MUNDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
