





1809. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FRAMPTON
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 20 moulded glass salt-cellars, value 5l.; 20 stands, value 2l. 10s.; 14 cut glass salt-cellars, value 14l., and 14 stands, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Davenport
                     




                   and others, his partners, to whom he was servant

.


                  ROBERT 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Longacre. On the 27th of July the prisoner brought me four glass salts and four stands, for sale, for 12s. - I questioned him; he said he had cut the tops himself - that he was a glass-cutter.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lawton, a pawnbroker, of Green-street, Leicester-square. I bought four glass salts and stands of the prisoner, for 7s.; he said he was the manufacturer, lived in Cock-lane, and had cut the tops himself.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you certain he is the man? A. I cannot be positive of him.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNET
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Payne, pawnbroker, of Whitechapel. I believe the prisoner to be the man I bought some salts of.


                  EDWARD 
                  CRISP
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gurney, who keeps a wine-vaults. I know the prisoner - I used to see him two or three times a day; he brought me a brown paper parcel, which I felt - it was very heavy; I felt something like scallops; I thought it was glass salts - he left them with me: he said he was employed at Mr. Davenport's, to take them to a customer, and would take them when he went home at night; one was directed to Mr. Jones, Portman-square; he called for them in the evening.


                  JAMES 
                  PADMORE
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors, and was employed in the glass department. I was in the back part of the room, where the glass is kept; the prisoner came in in an anxious kind of way, and said he wished Mitchell would attend to his orders; he slipped his hand down, and I saw him walk out with four salts in his hand - he thought I did not see him; I slipped into the next room, and saw him with it - he asked what I meant; I told him plainly - he then confessed that he had taken them, but said he was going to purchase them - he returned them, and said if I would put by any imperfect ones they would answer the same purpose.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MELLOR
               



            . The prisoner had no business in the glass-room, and was never employed to carry out glass; these are our manufacture - we sell them at 5s. 6d. the salt and stand, to the trade; I have the mould they were made in. The prisoner lived at Paddington, and does not cut glass.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
