






Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
1174. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, at St. Ann, nine seals, value 5 l.; three rings, value 1 l.; two watch keys, value 10 s., and a chain, value 10 s., the good of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Norman
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
SAMUEL NORMAN. I live in the parish of St. James's, Westminster


; it is not St. Ann's: the prisoner was in my service: I am a jeweller
. On the 25th of May, in consequence of suspicion, I sent for Gardner, the officer, and saw him search one of the prisoner's boxes, down stairs, and find a pearl ring, which I know to be mine by the pattern; he said he took it out of the shop to wear, and intended to return it; I had never given him leave to do so - I had seen it in the shop a few weeks before.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. He said he intended to return it? A. Yes, he is fond of dress lately.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I found this ring in the prisoner's box, in the pocket of a pair of trousers; he said he took it to wear - I found several parcels of money in his box, and a small memorandum book, which I produce - here is a memorandum in it which lead me to the pawnbroker's (reads)
"16th May, two sk, Jones, 318, Strand. - 144, Fleet-street, name of Jones, in s s. - 380, Strand."


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 16th of May, two gold seals, a key. and ring, were pawned in the name of Jones, I think by the prisoner; I have two gold seals, a key, and ring, which I am certain were pawned by him on the 24th, for 30 s.


                  JOSHUA 
                  JOHN RIGBY MORTIMER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones, pawnbroker, No. 114. Fleet-street. On the 23d and 18th of May, some seals, keys, and rings, were pawned with me - I cannot swear to the prisoner.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
