





THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
1079. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, one set of chaise harness, value 8 l.; one saddle, value 5 l., and one bridle, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sheldrick
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SHELDRICK
               



            . I am a timber merchant
, and live at Lower Shadwell


. On the 8th of August, at night, these things were in my stable, which is about eighty yards from my house. On the morning of the 9th of August, about six o'clock, I went to the stables, and they were gone - they cost me 25 guineas. I published a bill offering a reward, and between nine and ten o'clock the morning, I went to Shadwell watch-house, and found the prisoner in custody with them - I never saw him before. I found a piece of fresh dirt on the harness - I asked him how he could dirt my harness; he said, "Sir, I let it fall;" he said, he was a porter, and lived at Mr. Levy's, an old clothes man, in Rosemary-lane.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FARREN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Sheldrick. I locked the stable door, about eight o'clock at night, on the 8th of August - the harness was then safe. I went rather before six o'clock in the morning, and found the outer gate safe, it was about twelve feet high, but the stable door was unlocked. I am sure I locked it thenight before - the harness was gone. I informed my master.


                  AMNION 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am a watchman of Shadwell. I saw the prisoner in New Gravel-lane, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's, with a load on his shoulder, he appeared in a hurry - it was done up in a wrapper; I asked him what he had got - he said, he believed a saddle and something else, and that a gentleman gave them to him to carry to the London Docks, he did not know the gentleman's name, or the person whom he was going to take it to. I took him to the watch-house - I had seen him twice before that night, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock, and about half-past three o'clock in the morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAXMAN
               



            . I am a watchman of Shadwell. The prosecutor's stable is near my beat. I was with Nelson, and stopped the prisoner about half-past five o'clock, in the morning - his statement is correct.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman asked me to carry them to the London Docks, and told me to go on; the watchman stopped me - I said the man was coming up, he would not stop for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
