





15. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 25 lbs. of rags, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Souby
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  UPTON
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I met the prisoner on Monday, the 1st of November, a little after seven o'clock in the evening, in Fox-court, with a bag on his shoulder. I asked what was in it - he said rags, which he had got from a woman in Leather-lane, to sell for her, and he was to have 6 d. for his trouble; that he did not know the woman, but she lived at No. 47. I took him into a public-house and searched him. I found a glass in his hat. I sent my brother officer to Leather-lane to find the woman, but he could not.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Upton. I stopped the prisoner, and went to Leather-lane to No. 47, and No. 37, and all the No. 7's in the Lane, but could not find the woman he described. I returned and asked him where he was to take the money - he could not tell.


                  JANE 
                  SOUBY
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Souby. I have a shop No. 3, Lamb's Conduit-passage


. I sell rags and phials
. I fastened up my shop on Saturday night, the 30th of October, and left in it a bag of rags, containing about 25 or 26 lbs. I received information on Sunday, that the door had been opened - I went and found it so. I missed the bag of rags, and a number of phials.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along Leather-lane, when a woman asked me to take the rags to sell for her, and she would give me 6 d.; she said she lived at No. 47.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
