





1181. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, the sum of 5 s. 6 d., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hughes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . On the 26th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was on the steps of Westminster-abbey


; it was very much crowded, I felt something at my right hand breeches pocket; I put my hand down, and caught a hand close to my pocket - the person twisted his hand away, and got it disengaged; I found my pocket turned out; I had 5 s. 6 d. in it, and more - I had 9 s. or 10 s. there. I turned round, and saw the person's face, it was the prisoner, it was his right hand that I caught hold of; I kept my eye on him, he ran off, I pursued, and a young man also pursued and stopped him - I did not see him taken, I saw him in the custody of the young man immediately after, and will swear he is the same man - when I got up to him, he was picking some silver off the ground, which fell from him; they were shillings and sixpences, more than five or six shillings - I collared him, and said, you have picked my pocket; he answered, "Me, I never saw you, I was not near you;" the people said, "Let him go;" we took him about twenty yards, towards the watch-house, he told me to open my hand, I did so, and he put my silver in it; he said nothing more; at that instant, the constable came up, and said "You have no business to receive the money," and took it away.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you not say if you got the money again, you did not care, for you was not sure who robbed you - A. Never; I know Haydon, he wished me to say so, but I do not recollect that I did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS COOK
               



            . I am a coal-dealer. I was waiting with the rest, to get into the hall, and saw a bundle I saw the prisoner forcing from the crowd, and running towards the coach stand; somebody cried Stop thief! I think he must have heard the cry - I pursued, calling Stop thief! then a watchman came up and threw him down; some shillings and sixpences fell from him, I should think eight or nine shillings. Hughes came up almost directly, caught hold of him, and said, "You have robbed me," I believe he denied it. I saw him change the silver from one pocket to the other, once or twice, before the officers came up.
Cross-examined. Q. You came up soon after Hughes was robbed - A. Yes; I was very near him, I do not recollect his saying he was not certain of the man.


                  JOHN 
                  AVERY
               



            . I was on duty near Westminster-hall. They came towards me with the prisoner, I saw him in the act of putting two shillings and two sixpences into the prosecutor's hand, and I took one shilling and a sixpence out of the prisoner's pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see the Abbey. He charged me with picking his pocket; I took out my money and shewed it to him, to see it was not his. He said, if I gave him the money back he would not wish to hurt me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
