





598. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PASCOE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, 1 cloak, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Mills
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . On the 23d of January I was in New Compton-street, about six o'clock in the evening - I saw the prisoner and another following a truck, which went up Wardour-street; one of them put his hand into it, but I did not see them take any thing - they went on to Oxford-street, and went to a cart, but I did not see them take any thing from that; they went on to Regent-street, and went to a truck, but I did not see them take any thing from that - they went into Air-street


, where there was a gentleman's chaise, and a boy standing at the head of the horse; the prisoner passed it several times: I then saw him go and take the cloak from the back of it - the other one followed him to a back street, where he called, "Jem! Jem!" and the prisoner came up with the cloak on his arm - they ran on towards Dean-street, where they tied the cloak up, and the other took it; I and Phillips ran on to get a-head of them; I took hold of the other, who had this bundle - he threw it at me, and got away - I saw Phillips had hold of the prisoner, who seemed to be going to strike him; I knocked the prisoner down, and secured him - I found these three keys on him.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear I was the person who took the cloak? A. Yes; it was dark, and I lost sight of him for about ten minutes.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was with Whittingham; I did not see the prisoner take the cloak, but I saw his companion; I said, "Let us keep to him, and we shall find the other;" he went into a dark street, and whistled, and called, "Jem!" and the prisoner came up, with the cloak on his arm.
JOHN MILLS. I am a medical man
. I left my gig, on the evening in question, in the care of a boy; this cloak was in it - when I returned it was gone.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to see a sister, who was on a dying bed - when I came to the corner of Dean-street, a young man passed me with a bundle - the witness took me - the other was not pursued.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
