





42. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 3 lbs. of tea, value 21 s.; 14 1/2 lbs. of sugar, value 14 s. 6 d.; 28 lbs. of other sugar, value 16 s. 4 d.; 2 lbs. of muscatell raisins, value 3 s. 4 d., and one bag, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Rochford
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GREENING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Walter 
                  Rochford
               



            , who is a grocer
, and lives in Bishopsgate-street


, the prisoner was a stranger. On Saturday, the 12th of October, about noon, a person called at the warehouse, and delivered me an order in writing, and also verbally ordered 2 lbs. of muscatell raisins, to be packed with them, and sent to Messrs. Taylor and Co., Lime-street, Leadenhall-market


. I packed them up in a bag, (they were the articles stated in the indictment), and sent them by 
               
                  William 
                  Quinsey
               



            , directing him not to leave them without the money - he returnedwithout either goods or money; I have not seen them since. On the 24th I saw the prisoner in custody.
Prisoner. Q. Was not the money offered you for the goods - A. Yes; after he was in custody two persons called.


                  WILLIAM 
                  QUINSEY
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Rochford
               



            . I received a bag from Greening to take to Lime-street, with a bill and receipt, and received orders not to leave them without the money - I went between one and two o'clock, and the prisoner opened the door to me, I said "I have brought some goods for Mr. Taylor;" he said "Mr. Taylor is not within, he is gone on Change," and would be in in an hour - I said I had orders not to leave them without the money, he said, "You may leave them till you go to your master's, and if he does not like them to be left, call again in an hour, and you shall have the money or goods, as they will be dry and quite safe here, I will take great care of them," this induced me to leave them, he said "I will send the money in an hour, or Mr. Taylor shall call in the course of the afternoon and pay for them" - I left them in consequence of the appearance of the warehouse, thinking it was all right, I told Greening what I had done - I went again in two hours, I did not see the prisoner then, but a dark young man named Ball. The name Taylor and Co. was on the door - I have called three or four times, but can find no Mr. Taylor there - the house was shut up about the 27th. I never saw the prisoner or Taylor until he was taken; I went with Hawkins on the 24th, to No. 12, Lime-street, and saw he prisoner there - I said "That is the man I delivered the goods to," and he took him. I have never seen Taylor nor the goods since.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



            . I live in Newgate-street, and am a carpet manufacturer. On Friday, the 26th of October, I went to No. 12, Lime-street, Taylor and Co., was written on both sides of the door - I did not see the prisoner there, I called twice on the same day. On the 27th I went to the house, it was completely closed then, and remains closed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was engaged as clerk to Taylor and Co. The man brought the goods, I received them with a bill and receipt - I said I had not sufficient money, and Mr. Taylor was not within, he said he must take them back, I said, very well; he hesitated for a quarter of an hour, I said "It rains hard if you like to leave them, and ask your master if you may leave them, I will take care of them," he did not return, and at four o'clock I left the warehouse. I told Mr. Taylor the goods were left, he said he would call and pay for them. On Monday and Tuesday, I was helping a man who opened a new shop, on Wednesday I went to the counting-house, and was apprehended - next day Taylor said he had tendered the money - he was taken in custody. Mr. Corf the partner, was arrested, and is in Whitecross-street prison. Taylor lived at Blackheath - I cannot find him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
