





2080. 
               
                  ALFRED 
                  TURNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, 2 pairs of sheets, value 8s.; 2 pairs of pillow-cases, value 5s; 5 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 1 basket, value 2s.; 2 gowns, value 8s.; 2 shawls, value 10s.; 1 set of bed furniture, value 8s.; 4 towels, value 1s.;18 shillings, and 9 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cole
               




            , widow
.
ELIZABETH COLE. I am a widow. I lost all these articles out of my room, which is an attic, at No. 10, Marsham-street, Westminster


; the prisoner lived in the next room; I knew him very well; the articles were locked up in my drawers, and 1l. 2s., which was wrapped up in a bit of paper. On the 3d of October I went out to work in the morning, leaving my drawers locked, and the room door locked; I returned at one o'clock to get my dinner; when I unlocked my door I saw the curtain drawn in back, the partition between the prisoner's room and mine was broken through, and my drawers and boxes were open; I went down to the person who keeps the house - he came up with me, and then we went into the prisoner's room; I found some of my articles in the basket in his room, but the sheets and towels were gone; I have not seen them since.
Prisoner. Q. What time did you go out? A. About eight o'clock; I left one old box, which had two gowns and one shawl in it, unlocked - one was a brown gown, and the other a Norwich crape; some of the other articles were taken from the bottom drawer, which had been locked, and was broken open - I had nine locks broken - I missed one gown from a box; the money was taken from a small box; I told the Justice there was 22s., and I believe half of it was in sixpences - it was safe when I left; I did not say there were only nine sixpences - it must have been a mistake; it was exactly my rent-money, which I wished to pay on the Monday.


                  JONATHAN 
                  CLEAL
               



            . I lodge in the same house: just as the prosecutrix got up stairs, the prisoner came down running - I did not see any thing on him; but the prosecutrix came down, and I went with her up to her room: I saw the things broken open, and a hole through which a person had burst into her room; I went into Turner's room, where I saw this basket, with these things in it - I saw the locks had been been broken in the prosecutrix's room; the next day, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner's little boy came and told me something; I went to Smith-street, and saw the prisoner leaning on a post - he saw me, and ran away - I took him in St. John's Church-yard; I asked him how he could be guilty of robbing Mrs. Cole; he asked where Jesse was, meaning his wife - I said she was safe, and he said he would give himself up.
Prisoner. Q. What time was this? A. At dinner time - Mrs. Cole cried out, "Mr. Cleal, I am robbed!" and then she came down stairs; you came down stairs very fast, two stairs at a time - my door was open - I was sitting at the window; I had blinds to my window - I did not see you pass the window; I saw him pass my door; I knew him by his footstep and his dress - he had a kind of dirty striped trousers on - I saw him go down eight or nine steps; I believe the things were in the basket in his room; the tea things were on the table: I did not state at the office that my little boy was sitting at the door, that I asked him who passed, and he said Mr. Turner - I say distinctly, I saw the prisoner pass; I did not see any thing in his hand: he was standing still, or walking gently, when I took him: I said to him, "Turner, what have you been doing?" he said, "Where is Jesse?" I said, "She is safe;" he said,"I suspected she was in Tothill-fields;" he said, "Then I will deliver myself up, as she is innocent."


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBERY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 3d of October I was sent for to No. 10, Marsham-street; I went into Coles' room, and saw a door broken through, which led into the prisoner's room - there is a kind of closet and a sort of door which divides the two rooms; I went into the prisoner's room, and Mrs. Cole said, "This is my basket, with the things in it:" I saw a hammer and this chisel and pinchers at the place where the breakage was; the chisel fits the marks on the boards: on taking him to Newgate, the prisoner said he was guilty of breaking into the room, but had not taken any property but what was in his room - that there was no money, and Mrs. Cole had made a mistake.
Prisoner. Q. Which room did you go into first? A. Yours; I found the place open, and a little child had been in the room; your mother said these tools were what she had lent you - I have compared the chisel with the marks on the drawers; I found this property in the basket, as it is now - he said he had broken in the room, but conveyed no property away.
Prisoner's Defence. It appears to me a very strange thing that the witness states that he had plenty of time to see me pass, and I had no bundle; now, according to the evidence, there is two pairs of sheets, four pillow-cases, four towels, and some other things, and it would have taken a large handkerchief to have tied them in; and how is it possible they should be conveyed away without his seeing them? and again, she accused me of taking eighteen shillings and nine sixpences, and now states that there was but 22s. in all.
The prisoner then handed in a written paper, stating that the prosecutrix had several times made some very unpleasant insinuations against him, and acknowledging that he had broken into the room, and taken the property found in his room, but nothing more, intending to return it in a few days to surprise her; that immediately she came home, he repented of his folly, and being unable to return them without being seen, he absconded, but afterwards resolved on surrendering himself; and denying any felonious intent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
