






700. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BAILEY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HORLING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, a box, value 6 d., and 100 lbs. of printing type, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Trueman
               




            .
JOHN TRUEMAN. I am a porter
. I lost a box containing some printing types out of a truck which I and another were drawing along to Cottage-lane, City-road, between six and seven o'clock in the evening of the 28th of February - there was another chest on the truck, and they were tied on; we were drawing it behind - and as we found something hang, I went to look what was the matter, the box of types were gone - we were then near Chiswell-street, Moorfields


. I saw it the next day at the Mansion-house; it had the direction on it.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLAKESLEY
               



            . I am thirteen years of age; I live at No. 11, John's-row, Bath-street, City-road; I work for Mr. Skinner, whip-maker, in Finsbury. On the 28th of February I saw one man standing on the curb, and the two prisoners go to the back of this truck, and each take hold of one end of the box and take it out. I gave information, and pursued them toward Ropemaker's-street - I lost sight of them; I went back to the truck, and myself and the youngest man who was drawing it went and saw the two prisoners and the box in a coach, in custody. I saw them at the office the next day.
Prisoner BAILEY. He said at Worship-street, he saw three men take it out. Witness. No. 1 said, two men took it, the man I saw upon the curb ran away."


                  JOHN 
                  BENNINGTON
               



            . I am a clerk at Chamberlain's wharf; I had delivered this box to the care of John Trueman; it was directed to Mr. Fouchee, Little Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields; there was another box directed for S. Cropley, Cottage-lane, City-road - that was a box of glass. I saw the box of types at the Mansion-house next day; it was taken to Worship-street.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday, the 28th of February, I was with Herdsfield in London-wall - I saw the truck which two men were drawing - the prisoner Bailey, and two others, were following it; one of them had a white hat on - we followed them along the pavement, and saw Bailey cross the truck two or three times; when they got between Ropemaker's-street, and Chiswell-street, I saw a man coming back with the box on his head: Bailey was ten or fifteen yards behind him; and a third person was behind him; we crossed the way, and the man with the box turned down Ropemaker's-street; Herdsfield cried,
"Stop thief!" and when we got into Ropemaker's-street, the box lay on the ground, and Horling was in the act of picking up this knot - I said,
"What have you got here;" he made some answer, but I do not know what. I took him, and Herdsfield took Bailey. I did not notice the persons who were drawing the truck.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I was with Forrester. I saw the truck and the boxes in it. I stopped Bailey in Ropemaker's-street, the third person, with the white-hat, got away.
Prisoner BAILEY. Q. Did you see me in London-wall, and see me take anything from the truck? A. I saw you there, but did not see you take the box; it was taken near Mr. Skinner's shop.
GEORGE BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WILLIAM HORLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
