







London Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
1435. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CLAYTON
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            , and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WALDUCK
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, twenty-one stuff bodies of hats, value 5 l., and 3 lbs. of fur, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Constable
               




            .
CHARLES CONSTABLE. I live at Cambridge


, and carry on a hat manufactory
 there. Clayton was in my service. On Saturday evening, about seven o'clock, I settled his wages with him; he went out of the shop, not having finished his work, and did not return, I did not miss this property till I found him at Guildhall, with it, and have no doubt of it being mine, though I cannot find a deficiency in my stock. I was fetched to town, and found all the prisoners in custody at Guildhall, with the property - it is worth 7 l.


                  EDMUND 
                  HEALY
               



            . I am Mr. Constable's apprentice. - Clayton worked for him. On the Friday before he went he asked me if I would write a direction for him, and I think I saw that direction on a box at Guilhall.
Q. You must know your own writing? A. Yes; but at the time I wrote it I was tipsy. I believe it to be mine, it is to the same purport as I wrote. I went to London after my master; the property appeared very much like my master's; but hats in that state are alike - he did not come to work after Saturday. I saw him off for London at eleven o'clock on Saturday night by the coach - he had nothing with him, but his bundle, which I fetched from his washerwoman. I did not see the direction put on the box; he told me he wanted to send a parcel to his wife, and to direct it to James Turner. I said "Why direct it to him?" he said he wanted him to take it to his wife. I wrote the direction as he desired me.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Can any human being identify this property? A. They cannot.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Deacon and Co. wharfingers from Cambridge to town. A box was sent to town, directed for
"James Turner, to be left till called for;" it was entered at Cambridge - was put into the waggon on Monday the 8th, and would arrive on the 9th.


                  DANIEL 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am proprietor of the White Horse Inn, Cripplegate. This box arrived there on Tuesday, the 9th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning; and that morning, the prisoners Turner and Walduck called to inquire after it. Clayton waited outside while they came down the yard. I suspected them the moment I saw them, and said "Call tomorrow morning, and then the waggon will be in;" they all went off in company. I then had the box opened, and found it contained unfinished hats - some of them marked "C." I got Herdsfield to attend, and next morning Walduck came and said he had called for a box in the name of Turner. I asked if his name was Turner - he said Yes. I asked if he could identify the box by the direction, or any key - he said No; but he could tell the contents. I asked what they were - he said "Hats." I said "Mind what you are about, I am a very particular man - is your name Turner?" he said it was. I then called Herdsfield, who took him - he then said his name was not Turner, that he was only sent by another person, who was waiting in the tap-room. I went into the tap-room, and found the other two prisoners there - they were secured, and the box taken before the Alderman.


                  CHARLES 
                  TWIST
               



            . I am book-keeper at the WhiteHorse Inn; this box was brought to our inn by the waggon; the three prisoners came on Tuesday, the 9th of August, for it - Clayton addressed himself to me and said, the person he had left the box in charge with at Cambridge, promised him it should come off on Friday - he seemed disappointed that it had not arrived. I said it could not arrive till next day - the other prisoners stood at his elbow. I saw them all three next day - Walduck came first for the box, which was directed to be left till called for, in the name of J. Turner. Mr. Deacon entered into conversation with him, as he has stated. I afterwards went to the tap with Herdsfield, found Clayton there smoking his pipe, and the other prisoner with him.


                  EDWARD 
                  THORNTON
               



            . I keep the Red Lion public-house, Cross-street, Finsbury. On Wednesday, the 9th of August, I saw the prisoners in company together, in Mr. Deacon's yard. I went to the book-keeper's office - the witnesses' account of what passed is correct.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEWSTER
               



            , foreman to the prosecutor, identified the property by marks of his own upon it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. I took Walduck, and said to him, "Come, old gentleman, tell us all about it." He directly told me where the other two were. I took him to the White Horse tap, where the prisoners were. I asked Clayton for the key - he made no answer - I found it in his pocket - it opened the box instantly. I found a small quantity of rabbits' fur on Turner.
MR. CONSTABLE. This rabbits' wool appears like the wool in the box.


                  EDMUND 
                  HEALY
               



            . Here is the direction on the box, which I wrote at ten o'clock on Friday night for him.
Cross-examined. Q. You remember as well as a drunken man can? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . The waggon leaves Cambridge about noon - if not sent till ten o'clock at night, it would be sent by the Monday's waggon.
CLAYTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TURNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WALDUCK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
