






1919. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MILES
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 5 silverspoons, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Kelsey
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SHATTOCK
               



            . I am servant to Henry Kelsey, who lives in Bolton-row


 - I had only been there five weeks. On Friday afternoon, the 23d of September, Miles came and asked if the kitchen chimney might be swept next morning, as it was time we had it done - it was usually done once a month, and that he always did it; I asked if they were the right people - he said, Yes: my master was out; it was agreed they should come next morning. He came with a boy about a quarter past five o'clock - the boy went up the chimney; Miles held up the cloth: there was a knock at the door - Miles asked me to let his young master in; I went up, leaving him alone, and let Robinson in; he came down. Soon after the boy came down the chimney. and they sent him to another house; after they had taken up the soot, Robinson asked me to let Miles out with the bag, which I did, and then he went. After they were gone, at eight o'clock, I missed five silver spoons from the kitchen cupboard, which had the key left in it; I had asked if they came from Mr. Bentley, our sweeper - they said, Yes; both the prisoners were present then - they never came to be paid. The spoons were safe the night before - nobody but them had been in the kitchen.


                  HENRY 
                  KELSEY
               



            . Bentley is my regular sweep. I know nothing of the case.


                  THOMAS 
                  RIDDLE
               



            . I have been twelve years in Bentley's employ; neither of the prisoners were in his employ on the 23d of September, but Robinson has worked for me when I was ill - I always found him honest.


                  JAMES 
                  BRIDGEN
               



            . I am a sweep, and know the prisoners - I have known Miles five years; I am fourteen years old. Robinson came to me in Park-street, and my master sent me with him to Bolton-street; he at first said No. 1, then said No. 1, Bolton-row, and then No. 6; I went there with the prisoners; I rang - Miles and I went in, and Robinson went over the way; I went up the chimney, and when I came down both the prisoners were there - they sent me to another place. and told me to be sure and not tell Bentley I had done the job.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and apprehended the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  KIRKMAN
               



            . On the 23d of September, Robinson came and asked me to lend him a boy to do a job; I sent him to Park-street, to him.

MILES' Defence. It was I who took them, while she was gone to let Robinson in; he asked me afterwards if he should go for the money - I said I had got it.
ROBINSON'S Defence. I knew nothing of his having them; he asked me to get him a boy, which I did. I went for some coffee before I went in.
MILES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBINSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
