





64. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, a handkerchief, value 18 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Gelder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GELDER
               



            . I live in Northampton-place, Kent-road. On the 22d of November, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was on the South side of London Bridge, going home - my handkerchief was safe in my outside pocket on Fish-street-hill. I did not miss it till I saw it in the possession of Forrester, who held the prisoner by the collar. He said he did not take it.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. I saw Mr. Gelder on London Bridge


. The prisoner and another person were following him - I watched them for five or ten minutes. Mr. Gelder stopped once or twice on the bridge, and they stopped also at a little distance from him, and when he came near the Surry side, where it was being repaired - there was a railing up and the passage is narrow. I was on the opposite side, and saw the flap of Mr. Gelder's coat drop - I could not observe whether it was the prisoner or the other who took the handkerchief, as a carraige passed. A small piece of the handkerchief was out before - seeing it was gone, I crossed and saw the prisoner tucking something into his trowsers, (I have seen him about before) - I took hold of him; he was attempting to get it out of his trowsers, but I seized him, and took him to Mr. Gelder, and took the handkerchief out of his trowsers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going over the the bridge after a situation, and just where it is being repaired, I saw the handkerchief on the bridge, picked it up, and put it in my pocket. Two or three men were walking on before me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
