







London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
652. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  LAKE
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CRUTCHMAN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 7lbs. of sugar, value 2l. 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Travers
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Travers
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bailey
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bailey
               



            .
Mr. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
RICHARD BAILEY. I am a master carman

, and ply in Cannon-street - I am in partnership with Richard Bailey. On the 10th of March I sent a van to the West India Docks - Lake drove it - he was to fetch three hogsheads of sugar for Messrs. Travers.


                  DANIEL 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am foreman at the warehouse No. 2, West India Docks. On the 10th of March I delivered to Bailey's waggon three hogsheads of sugar; three of Bailey's waggons were loaded at the same time - I believeLake drove one van - the hogshead, No. 196, weighed 14cwt. 2qrs. 23lb. I delivered a ticket of the weight to the driver, with a pass note.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time was this? A. I think between three and four o'clock. I have entered the weight myself; the waggoner told me he wanted No. 196, in a particular part of the waggon.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK PRESTON
               



            . On the 10th of March I was warehouseman to John and Joseph Travers, of Swithen's-lane. On the evening of the 10th of March, at five o'clock, Lake drove a waggon in, with two hogsheads of sugar - he had left the other in Whitechapel, which was correct - one hogshead, at the tail of the waggon, was taken out - he delivered a ticket - No. 196 remained in the waggon; I told him to take that to Holborn-bridge, and gave him a copy of the dock note, with the weight - the original is lost: No. 196, W. L. weighed 14cwt. 2qrs. 23lbs.; he left me about ten minutes past five, to go to Holborn-bridge.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know that 196 was in your waggon. A. I know it by the Dock note which he brought, and I saw it there; I gave him a note of the number he was to deliver in Whitechapel. I saw No. 196 at Mr. Blincos', on Holborn-bridge afterwards - I was fetched there at eight o'clock - every man has his own waggon - they do not change them.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in York-place, Commercial-road, and work at the West India Docks. On the evening of the 10th of March, about five minutes to six o'clock in the evening, I was in Newgate-street, and saw a van enter the street, with a hogshead of sugar in it; "Bailey, Great Trinity-lane," was on the van; Lake drove it; I saw Crutchman come up to him in Newgate-street: they appeared to be in conversation; after they had walked about ten yards Crutchman got into the van - the tilt was partly thrown up, and continued so while in Newgate-street - he laid hold of the cask, as if to move it, came out in a minute and a half, and went to Lake - the van proceeded; Crutchman remained talking with Lake. The van got into Skinner-street, and there James joined them; all three were in conversation; the van stopped about ten yards on this side of Fleet-market, on the left-hand; they were conversing from 5 to 7 minutes - the van then proceeded down the east side of the market, towards Ludgatehill, keeping on the wrong side of the way; nearly opposite the Braziers' public-house it stopped; Crutchman then got into the waggon - James and Lake were present- Crutchman pulled the tilt over himself, and placed the straw against the rails of the van, which prevented my seeing. James then drew into the market; Lake continued by his waggon - it stopped there twelve or fifteen minutes; Lake then drove the van slowly towards Ludgate-hill, keeping on the wrong side. I did not see Crutchman get out; I kept watching the waggon - it turned round, and went on the west side of the market, and on the wrong side; I then saw James walking with Lake. The van stopped nearly opposite the Angel, on the wrong side, for twenty or twenty-five minutes, and when I came up I saw Lake with a pint pot, standing by his horses; he took the pot in, made a motion with his whip on the cover of the waggon, and James came out of the waggon; I had not seen him get in. I had heard a knocking in the van, as if they were hitting tin on wood; a man came by, and spoke to him - the van proceeded to Mr. Blinkos' - James and Lake walked together. When the waggon turned round to go to Blincos' I was on the opposite side, and met Crutchman coming in a direction from Holborn-hill; I was opposite Blincos' door; I had not seen him get out of the van; James and Lake rolled the hogshead into the shop. I went towards Holbornhill; the waggon drove away. I then went into Blincos', and saw the hogshead there - they weighted it in my presence - it weighed 13cwt. 3qrs. 18lbs. or 20lbs. I did not observe the mark.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you mention this to nobody? A. I mentioned it to the beadle of St. Andrew's; he would not interfere, but laughed at me. The Lord Mayor repremanded him for it. I suspected they were plundering the cask - I was nearly an hour following them. - When I was on one side of the waggon a man could get out at the other, with any thing, without my seeing him; if the cask had weighed right I should not have accused them. I have known James and Crutchman for years; I was fifteen or twenty yards off when Crutchman got into the waggon. Lake was at the tail of his waggon when he got in; he then went on to his horses - I cannot say whether he saw Crutchman get out. James jumped out, and went on with Lake - he must have seen Crutchman get into the waggon.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Blincos - Smith came in, and gave us information just as Bailey's waggon had left a hogshead of sugar. In consequence of his statement I had it weighed; the weight was 13cwt. 3qrs. 18lbs.; Lake had delivered me a ticket of the weight- it was 3qrs. 5lbs. deficient; it was marked W. L. No. 196.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any particular appearance in it? A. The tin which covered the drawing hole appeared to be raised up - it did not look as they generally do; the nails have been taken out and put in a fresh place; there is a much greater vacancy in the cask than usual - I never knew one so empty - it could not have occurred by anything but by its being taken out; we sometimes omit to weigh casks if we have not sufficient hands, or are in a hurry.
LAKE's Defence. When I was in Newgate-street a porter asked me to take a job to Fleet-street, which I did; I pitched it at the end of Fleet-market - I had a pint of beer, and delivered the hogshead.
CRUTCHMAN'S Defence. Smith has sworn falsely against me.
LAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
JAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
CRUTCHMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
