





207. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  JONES, alias 
ANN TOMLINSON





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 1 counterpane, value 10s.; 1 watch-guard, value 2s.; 1 quite, value 5s.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 tea-spoon, value 1s. 6d.; 1 printed bound book, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Robinson
               




            , her mistress.
PHOEBE ROBINSON. I am a widow
, and keep the Angel inn, St. Martin's-le-grand




. The prisoner was two or three years in my service, but I discharged her about a month ago, on suspicion - I ordered her, at nine o'clock at night, to leave, and she went about nine the next morning, and the same morning, after she was gone, I missed featherbdes, bolsters, tea-spoons, and a variety of articles, some of which are in Court.


                  SUSAN 
                  MYRON
               



            . I live in Bleeding-hart-yard. I was in the prosecutrix's service, but left in February last - I received a sheet, a blanket, and small handkerchief from the prisoner with a note, in her hand-writing - I have burnt it - I forget what was in it, and I do not know who brought the articles; I made use of them, till the prosecutrix came to my house - then had the sheet and blanket on my bed; the prisoner also gave me a spoon, an eye-glass and watch to pawn, and gave me a coloured quilt, as a present.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Muncaster, pawnbroker, of Skinner-street. I produce a quilt and tea-spoon, pawned by a female, on the 23d of October.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I was in Mrs. Robinson's employ, and left her about three months ago; the prisoner sent me to inquire about a parcel, which was to be left at the Spotted Dog public-house; I went there with the guard of a coach about it, but it was not come; it was to be left there for Susan Myron.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  ROUTH
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner up on the 15th of November, by the prosecutrix's desire; she was then living with me as a servant. I searched her box, and found this book, counterpane, and tea-spoon; I received a handkerchief from Myron.
Prisoner's Defence. Myron could not have lived nineteen months in the family, without knowing the things.
SUSAN MYRON. I knew nothing of them; I had seen such things, but many things are similar. I knew she was going to housekeeping, and did not know where she might have got them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
