






1210. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALSEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, one gown, value 7 s.; two bed-gowns, value 3 s.; one frock, value 3 s.; four pinafores, value 3 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 2 s., and one pair of stockings, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Gerrard 
                  Rawes
               




            .


                  MARTHA 
                  RAWES
               



            . I am the wife of Gerrard Rawes, and live in Winchester-street, Pentonville


. On the 11th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I missed the things from my front parlour, they were in a bundle. I saw them safe at nine o'clock; there was a fore-court to the house, and I believe the window was open. I found them at Hatton-garden.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of July, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was by Pentonville-chapel, about three hundred yards from Mr. Rawes's, and saw the prisoners together. Berry had a basket with willow-shavings at the top. and Halsey had a bundle of wood in his hand. They passed me, and went down Southampton-street. As they passed me Halsey put the wood in his hat. I got Colton to assist me, we found them at the back of White Conduit-house together. Halsey then had a bundle under his arm, and Berry had the basket. Halsey stopped while Berry went to several gentlemen's houses. We searched them, and found a latchkey on Berry, and a bridle on Halsey. He said he picked it up in the field. The basket contained nothing but shavings in it, when I first saw him the basket was bulky, but when I apprehended him there were only a few shavings. Halsey told the Magistrate he was to have 1 s. to carry the basket to Old-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I live at Battle-bridge. Taylor fetched me, we found the prisoners near White Conduit-fields. Halsey had the bundle under his arm, Berry was carrying the basket. He said the things were his own.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HALSEY'S Defence. I saw a man with large whiskers, he wished me to carry the bundle to Old-street.
BERRY'S Defence. I was selling willow shavings.
HALSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
