





367. 
               
                  MARY 
                  KING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, 1 half-crown, the money of 
                     
                        John 
                        Holland
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HOLLAND. On the 8th of December, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was in Chiswell-street


, on the pavement - the prisoner came up, and took a half-crown out of my waistcoat pocket; I caught hold of her hand, and took it out; I had walked with her for two or three minutes: I told her if she would not return it to me I would charge the watch with her - she said she had taken none, and abused me; I then called the watchman, and gave charge of her. I was quite sober. I told the watchman she had taken a half-crown, but I meant 2s. 6d. - it was found on her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAUET
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called, and went up; the prosecutor said he had been robbed of half a crown; he was perfectly sober: the prisoner said nothing; I took her to the watch-house; 6s. 8d. was found on her.


                  JOHN 
                  COMPTON
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prosecutor said he had lost half a crown; I found six shillings and a sixpence on her; I then asked him if his money was a half-crown; he said No, two shillings and sixpence - that he had three shillings and sixpence, and she took two shillings and sixpence - he was quite sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROAD
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge for robbing him of half a crown.
Prisoner's Defence. Cauet is no better than he should be; his wife was transported. The prosecutor was very drunk, and reeled against me; he said he had just come from a wake. The watchmen will do anything for a bribe.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
