





153. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 axletree, value 25s.; 2 springs, value 25s., and 4 scroll-irons, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Paul 
                     Wells
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLEN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 24th of November, I saw the prisoner offering some springs and an axletree for sale, at a shop opposite my door, in Cow-cross - they were brought in a cart, by the prisoner and another person; the axletree was partly concealed, so that a person might have supposed it was a pole - they took them out, and put them into the cart again; I went up to the prisoner, and said I thought it was not all right - he said it was his own property, and he would sell them to me, if I would buy them - that he had taken them from his own cart the day before.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What do you mean by being concealed? A.Part of it was in a bag - it was in Cow-cross-street, a public street; the prisoner's sister's name (
               
                  Harriet 
                  Wright
               



            ) was on the cart, and Barnet, where she lived.


                  JAMES 
                  TIVOY
               



            . I was with Millen; what he has stated, is correct - at the watch-house, I asked the prisoner where the cart was; he first said it was lying about his premises, good for nothing - I said I would go and see it; he then said it was no use, it was burnt.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PAUL WELLS
               



            . I live at Hadley


, and am a
watchmaker
. I had a cart there, which I saw safe on the Thursday before I missed the springs and the axletree - that, I believe, was on the 20th of November; I left my cart all correct, in a field belonging to 'Squire Barry - it was not under a shed; the prisoner told me, several months before that, if he wanted a pair of springs and an axletree he should know where to go; I said, "If you rob me, you will rob a church" - these springs and axletree are mine, and belonged to my cart.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you know them by? A. They are two odd springs, and here is some of the grass upon them, worn as it came from the field - it is almost growing upon them now, upon my honour; Hadley is just beyond Barnet.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  LANSBURY
               



            . I live at Hadley, and know the cart - I saw it all safe on Sunday morning, the 23d of November.
Prisoner's Defence. On Monday morning, the 24th of November, I came up to Billingsgate, being a fishmonger, and one mile, from Barnet, I saw these things in a cart, lying in the King's highway - I took them up, put them into my cart, and went to market; I then went to Cow-cross-street, and saw an iron-shop, and thought I would sell them - this officer came in, and dragged me about like a dog.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
