






352. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     McCARTHY
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 11lbs. of copper, value 5s. 6d., belonging to the 
St. Catherine Dock Company


, and fixed to a certain dwelling-house belonging to them
            .
2d COUNT, calling it a building.
3d COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook
                  



               
            , and fixed to his dwelling-house.
4th COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.


                  DANIEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in St. Catherine's. On the 27th of November, about one o'clock in the day, I was informed somebody was on the top of No. 9, opposite me; I went through No. 8; Lee went up the stairs of No. 10 - I got on the roof of No. 9, and found the copper gutter removed; the tiles and mortar appeared to have been fresh moved; Lee came to me, and we heard some persons in the top rooms - we got in at the trap-door, and found the prisoners there; McCarthy was doubling up a piece of copper with his feet; we secured them, and the officer took the copper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I live at No. 10. I went on my roof; Davis went up No. 8 - we got on the roof of No. 9, and missed the copper gutter; we found the prisoners in the upper room; McCarthy dropped a piece of copper as I entered. I saw the copper fitted to the house, and it corresponded exactly - there was about 11lbs. of it.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES JONES
               



            . I am an officer. I received them in charge, and brought the copper away - it fits exactly with what remains on the premises.


                  HENRY 
                  POPKIN
               



            . The house in question belonged to a Mr. Freeman, who is dead - William Cook is his executor- it was sold to the St. Catherine's Dock Company.


                  ROBERT 
                  PICKERS
               



            . I am a broker, and have the care of this property - I disposed of it for 
               
                  William 
                  Cook
               



            , to the Dock Company - the agreement was signed on the 22d, but the money is not paid.
McCARTHY'S Defence. The landlord employed me to move his goods to the water-side. I had never been on the roof.
McCARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
