






1188. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  TAYLOR
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM MANNING 
                  FRANSHAM
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 1 ham, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Budding
               




            .
WILLIAM BUDDING. I live in Little Simeon-street


. I was called down on Friday morning, the 16th of June, and heard that some persons had taken a ham from me - I went in pursuit of them, and found Taylor standing in Pugh's-row; Fransham came up soon afterwards, and they were taken, with the assistance of the constable. - The ham had been left with me, and was my property. I had not seen the prisoners about.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HARRIS
               



            . I live at No. 7, near Mr. Budding's. On the 16th of June I saw the two prisoners coming up Little Simeon-street together - Fransham came out of the bake-house with the ham; Taylor was close by, waiting for him, and looking into the bake-house; they joined company together, and went away with the ham - I have not seen it since; they were taken about half-past seven o'clock that morning.


                  ANN 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am a bonnet-maker, and live opposite Mr. Budding's side door. I saw the two prisoners go down the street on this morning, and then return; Fransham went into the house, and then came out with a ham, partly covered over with his coat - the other was waiting for him; they then went round the corner together - before I could get over Francham was off; the other was waiting at the top of the street. I have no doubt of their persons.


                  GEORGE 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I am an officer, and took them into custody. The ham has not been found.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
FRANSHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
