






1246. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MORGAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 1/2 bushels of oats, value 5s., and 1 horse-cloth, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Kelly
               




            .
EDWARD KELLY. I keep the Duke of York public-house, at Paddington




. On the 21st of May I was going into the country, and ordered the watchman to call me at half-past three o'clock; I told my man to have my chaise ready - I went down at four o'clock; the watchman told me something had been taken away - I went down to the wharf; I found one boat drawn back farther than the others - I went on board and found this horse-cloth, with part of my name burnt out; I found these oats in a sack in the barge - which I had put into the granary the night before; I have brought part from the bulk to compare with them - I found these picklock keys, some skeleton keys, and this wrenching-iron in the boat; my doors were not broken open; I found the two prisoners in the cabin of the boat - they said, they bought the oats from Mr. Meredith; I said, they had come from my granary.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you try any of the keys to your lock? A. No; the prisoners are father and son - the father was sitting on the sack of oats, and the son laying with his head on the horsecloth - the father is rather paralytic on one side.
COURT. Q. What did you say to the prisoners? A. I told them to come out of the barge; they made some resistance, but came.



                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to call Kelly about ten minutes past three o'clock, and saw a sack fall from Kelly's loft; one person threw it out, and another caught it - I thought they were Kelly's servants, and did not notice them much; when I returned they were gone - I went with Kelly to the boat; his evidence is correct; I found the sack and the oats in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Morgan sitting on the same sack as was thrown down? A. It was one of the same size and colour, and had about the same quantity in it; the stable is about sixty yards from the wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  DUGGAN
               



            . I saw the watchman and Kelly coming out of the gate with the sack and the prisoner John; I went to the boat and found Henry with his clothes on; we desired him to come out - he said, he would not leave the boat; we brought him out - this horse-cloth laid under his bed.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it under his head? A. Part of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . I am a corn-dealer. I have sold no corn to either of the prisoners for a month past, but some of my people may have done so.
Cross-examined. Q. Have they bought of you occasionally? A. Yes; these are black oats; I had none such on my premises.


                  PETER 
                  HOLT
               



            . About four o'clock in the morning, Kelly gave two persons in charge; I found they had permission from the ostler to sleep in the stable, and dismissed them - Kelly came again soon after with John Morgan, and the corn; Henry was then brought in with these keys - John Morgan said, he had bought the corn of Meredith, the morning before, and given 4s. 6d. a bushel for it; none of the keys opened the door - there was one nearly opened it; that was broken - I did not try them.
EDWARD KELLY. The sack is not mine, but the horse-cloth is; I have lost thirteen, and a great deal of harness - I do not know when I had seen the cloth safe.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear you had seen it within a month? A. No; I saw some in the stable the night before - I found a padlock in the cabin, and this broken key nearly opens it; the broken part was found in Henry's pocket - I lost a padlock and key like this, about six months ago; I cannot swear it was mine.
JOHN MORGAN's Defence. I bought the horse-cloth at Brentford; and have had it this twelve months.
JOHN MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HENRY MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
