






661. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CONELLY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LILLY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 12th of March
, a pair of boots, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Mackbeth
               




            .
WILLIAM MACKBETH. I am gardener
 to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Robinson
               



            , Esqr., who lives at Upper Clapton


. I lost a pair of boots from my master's tool house, between the gates and the premises, on the 12th of March, between twelve and one o'clock, in the day; I did not see them taken, but I had seen them a short time before; I had been showing a gentleman the premises; and as I was coming through a private door from the back garden, I saw Conelly within five yards of the tool house; he had no business there; he asked me if that was Mr. Johnson's, and went to a corner as I suppose, to give a signal to Lilly; I suspected something was wrong, and went out at a door where I could see the outer gate; I saw Lilly going out with a bag - I followed and overtook him with the boots in the bag; I asked what he had got there - he said nothing; I found the boots in the bag; I had left Conelly by the side of a gentleman who prevented his getting away - which he tried to do; I got a constable and gave charge of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Lilly's Defence. I was outside the gates, and saw the boots in a ditch - I asked a gentleman whose they were, and he said mine if I liked to take them.
Conelly's Defence. I went with my brother up to Stamford-hill, to take a pair of drawers home; when I was coming back, a gentleman met me, and told me to go into this house and ask if Mr. Johnson lived there - and if he did, to tell the cook, she was wanted very particularly; I did not see any knocker, or bell - and I did not like to go into the kitchen; the man opened the door and asked what I wanted.
CONELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
LILLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
