






1508. 
               
                  MARY 
                  LIPPARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August

, 1 watch, value 1l.; the goods of 
                     
                        William Pollen 
                        Foothead
                     



                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LONGMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
WILLIAM POLLEN FOOTHEAD. I live in Kingsland-road and I am a labourer
. On Wednesday night, the 9th of August, I saw Lippard at the public-house where I live- I agreed to go home with her, but I did not go - I walked about the road; I told her I had no money, but if she would come down on the Saturday night I would pay her, as I worked at the gas works - this she agreed to - she went into a cook's shop, and had two penny worth of pudding, for which she paid - I dropped asleep there, and when I awoke she was gone, and I missed my watch. I was sober, and am quite certain I did not give it to her - I intended to have gone home with her.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard of the robbery, ran across the way, and took Lippard with the watch in her bosom - she put her hands into her bosom and passed the watch to the other prisoner, I believe.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am conductor of the patrol. On the morning of the 10th of August, about two o'clock, I heard the cry on the opposite side of the way - I got up and saw the watchman holding Lippard - he said to me"Gooding, she has dinged the watch to one of these men;" meaning Longman and another; I laid hold of Longman, and saw the watch fall, which Furlong took up - Longman owned it at the watch-house, and said he gave 24s. for it; Lippard told me to go down to the public-house in Kingsland-road, and ask the hostler for the young man who he called his brother, as he was the person she had it of - Longman was very much in liquor, and got fighting- Lippard was with another person in a door way.


                  GEORGE 
                  FURLONG
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw this watch fall from Longman, while Gooding had hold of him; Longman said he had bought it for 24s. of a man who lodged with him, but he did not know his name.
LONGMAN'S Defence. I was very much in liquor.
LIPPARD'S Defence. He gave it to me.
LIPPARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
LONGMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Six Months
            .
