






206. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORGAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, one reticule, value 1 s.; one handkerchief, value 6 d., and one shilling, the property of a 
                     woman unknown


                  , from her person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of November, about eleven o'clock, I was in Pall Mall


, and saw the prisoners in company with another, very busy in the crowd, as the Queen was going to St. Paul's. I saw the man not in custody, snatch a reticule from a lady's hand - Saunders immediately laid hold of it, unbuttoned his breeches, and put it inside them. The two prisoners ran down Pall Mall as fast as they possibly could. I called Thompson and the other officer, we followed them to Waterloo-place, I went to lay hold of Saunders, and Morgan struck me in the face; I struck him again, when theother officers came up, and helped to secure Saunders. I told him he had it in his breeches - he opened them, and I pulled it out. I had seen them together for nearly ten minutes.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . Jordan called me; we followed them to Waterloo-place. He took Saunders, and Morgan struck him. I saw the reticule taken from him - it contained a handkerchief, a thimble, and a shilling.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I was with the officers, and saw the prisoners in company. I saw Saunders putting something into his breeches - we followed them at a little distance, until they got out of the crowd. Jordan got hold of Saunders - some blows were struck - Morgan was in a posture of fighting when I secured him; we expected a rescue - I said I would knock the first man down who came near.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               



            . I was with Jordan, and assisted in securing the prisoners.
SAUNDERS'S Defence. I picked the reticule up, and thought I had as good a right to it as any one else.
MORGAN'S Defence. I did not know he had it about him. The officer said we were both palls, and detained us. I did not strike.
SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
MORGAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
