





328. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LEA
               



             was again indicted for 


               a like offence
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HARPEN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Emmett, of Holborn-bars. On the 25th of September I bought a ream of square cartridge paper of the prisoner, at the prosecutor's warehouse, for 1 l. 18 s. I paid the porter who brought it home.


                  ROBERT 
                  LUCAR
               



            . I carried this paper home - Mr. Hooper paid me a sovereign and eighteen shillings in silver, which I gave to the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Where did you receive it? A. At Mr. Elliot's - I have delivered paper there three times,but the rest amounted to different sums; I gave him the same money as I received. I generally put my master's money into a separate pocket from my own. The prisoner met me as I was going into the warehouse, and took the money - he has met me in that way once or twice; I do not know what he did with it. I was asked about this about Christmas.
MR. ALLEY. Q. You delivered Harper the bill and receipt which you had from the prisoner? A. Yes. That is the only time I received money there.
MR. LEWIS. This receipt is in the prisoner's writing: he has never accounted in any way for the money, nor told me that he had received it.
Cross-examined. Q. The same course of petty cash payment was going on then? A. Yes. There is no entry in the journal of this money, nor in the cash-book which is here; he receives weekly cheques for petty cash: his duty was to gave me all money which he receives, and to enter it in the cash-book.
MR. SIMPSON. He has never paid this money to me, nor accounted to me for it.
Cross-examined. Was he in the habit of paying small sums for you? A. For the general account he was. I cannot say that he has not laid out this money for us. His salary was 2 l. a week.
Prisoner's Defence. This case resembles the former. I have had a great deal of business to transact, with very little assistance; it is possible for mistakes to occur. I certainly have no recollection of the circumstance; the witness says he did not give me the money in the counting-house - I was very likely to forget to enter it. There is an entry to Harper in the day-book,
(pointing it out.)
MR. LEWIS. This is an entry of a ream of cartridge, 1 l. 19 s. to Harper, on the 25th of September, but not of any money being received. Mr. Emmett's sum is 1 l. 18 s. There are two or three entries to Harper, which the prisoner, only can explain. There is no entry of the money; it should be entered in the cash-book.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it unusual to take off 1 s. discount? A. No. I once heard the prisoner say that there was a customer named Harper. Here is the cash-book; most of the entries are in his writing.
Six witnesses deposed to the prisoner's good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
