






849. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOMBS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RAZELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 200 lbs. of candles, value 8 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shotter
                  




               
            .
MESSRS. BOLLAND and LAW, conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES SHOTTER
               



            . I live at Sunbury


 with my father, who is a tallow-chandler
. On the 12th of February there were about one hundred dozen pounds of candles in the workshop, which is near the house. About six o'clock in the morning I found the door open, and twenty dozen gone; it must have been opened by a key. I found four or five small pieces of beef about the store-room floor - the candles were all dips of different sizes, some were shoemakers candles, which are quite different from others, they have two wicks. My father's name is James.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. When were you last in the workshop - A. After nine o'clock; I fastened it up.


                  EDWARD 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I have known the prisoner about two years. Razell lives in Haman's-place, Kingston, and Coombs at Hampton-wick. Razell came to my house one night, and asked if I would go out; I said I would, and fixed to meet him at Coombs's at ten o'clock, which I did, and we all three went across Bushey Park, and came out by Hampton-gate, and went along right under the wall towards Hampton, and met the watchman; they wished the watchman good night, and he said,
"Good night." We then went up the road for the George, public-house, at Sunbury, and turned into a yard on the left hand, then came out to Sunbury, at the back part of the town, and laid down to sleep in a cart-lodge, as Razell said it was too soon to go. In about an hour and a half we went to the tallow-chandlers shop; Razell unlocked the door with something, and all three went in; the prisoners went into another room and struck a light; we had two sacks and a basket, which we filled. Razell said, as we went along, that he had been there once before, and there was a dog there, and he had got meat to give the dog; and I think he said he had a key which would fit the place. They each took a sack, and I the basket, we went about half a mile across the fields to a gentleman's house, within forty yards of the road; it was an empty house, we put the candles in the cellar there and went home. They said, we must go and get Taylor's horse and cart to bring them away next night, and I agreed to meet them at Coombs's at eight o'clock. I got there rather behind my time, they were gone; I overtook Coombs standing by the cart, just by the bridge; he asked why I was not there sooner; I said, I did not think of coming. He went on to the house, leaving me to stop with the cart till I heard a whistle, which I did in about twenty minutes, and went on till I saw them in the road opposite the house; they took the candles and basket out of a ditch and put them into the cart; we got back to Coombs's about nine o'clock in the morning, and there looked the candles over and weighed them. One hundred and twenty pounds were fit for sale; we divided the broken ones between us. I had about twelve pounds of spoiled ones that night, and left the rest there; my share was about forty pounds; my wife fetched them. Razell afterwards paid me 11 s. as my share of the others, and said there would be 5 s. more between us. I was apprehended about nine weeks after the robbery, and six or seven of the shoemaker's candles were found at my house. Coombs sent a boy home with the cart.
Cross-examined. Q. How old are you - A. Thirty. I live at Kingston, in Caroline-place. My father is in Sussex. I have been in Petworth Gaol. I have five brothers, one of them is in Horsemonger-lane, and one in Newgate.
Q. How many gaols have you been in - A. About three. I cannot tell how many robberies I have been engaged in. I have gone by the names of Boxall, and King. I once escaped from an officer. I was in the cage when I told of this robbery.
Q. How often did the Magistrate persuade you, before you mentioned the prisoners names - A. I mentioned it at first.
Q. How often in the month of February had you crossed Bushey Park - A. Only this once, I think. The watchman had no lantern that I saw.
Q. Are you the man who broke out of Petworth Goal - A. Yes; I was not re-taken, I went about the country.
Q. Thieving - A. Yes.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Had you crossed the park with the prisoner, except on these nights - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HATCHETT
               



            . I am a watchman, my beat is straight through Hampton-wick. On the night of 13th of February I heard of this robbery. On the night before I was on duty, and the prisoners passed me about twenty minutes past ten o'clock by the park-keeper's house, another man was with him who I did not know; they said
"Good night Jack," and I said,
"Good night." I saw no basket or sacks.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you watch constantly. - A. All the winter. I saw them about two miles from Sunbury.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live at Sunbury, and have a horse and cart. On the 13th of February about five o'clock in the afternoon Razell came and engaged it for two hours, I was to send it to Coombs's at six o'clock; my son took it, and a strange lad brought it back between eight and nine o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. He frequently had the cart of you - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I took the cart to Coombs, he said that would do.
- WALTERS. I went to Tilley's house and got six candles, which I produce.


                  HENRY 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am Mr. Shotter's candle-maker, and dipped these candles myself. Some like them were in the manufactory on the night of the robbery.
COOMBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
RAZELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
