






Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1476. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LYNCH
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FREWIN
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Oram
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 6th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a handkerchief, value 5 s., his property
            .
JAMES ORAM. I am a tailor
 and draper
, and live in Newgate-street. On the 6th of July, about twenty minutes or half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Holborn


, and at the corner of Gray's-inn-lane I saw the two prisoners standing, with some more men - I observed them look at me - I crossed over from that side of the way towards Middle-row, and when I came on the pavement I saw the two prisoners before me - they had crossed over also - I saw them look back at me - I went off the pavement, got in front of them, and mended my pace. The prisoners then came up behind me - Lynch took from my pocket a silk handkerchief, and gave it to the other prisoner, who put it under his coat. I collared Lynch, and said to him, "You villain, you have robbed me." Frewin ran into the crowd, I ran after him, and got hold of the tail of another man's coat - it rent the coat from top to bottom; and while holding the man's coat tail, I received a blow on the side of my face, or a kick - it stunned me; I fell on the pavement, and was taken into the shop of Mr. Saunders; the prisoners were gone then. When I first saw them at the corner of Gray's-inn-lane, they were with fifteen or sixteen others; I did not observe whether any of the others crossed; but I took particular notice of the prisoners, because they watched me, and I thought were after my watch, which I tucked up. I am sure Lynch is the person who took my handkerchief and gave it to Frewin. Lynch was taken in about five minutes, while I was in the shop, and Frewin about seven o'clock that evening. I knew them both, and pointed them out.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen them before? A. Never; I felt Lynch's hand in my pocket, and saw my handkerchief in his hand; I was watching them for five minutes before it was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How came you to take hold of the tail of another man's coat? A. He ran into the crowd - they all three went together - I could not get through the crowd - I was too ill at the first examination to give my evidence - I did not hesitate for a moment to identify Frewin - I believe he had a blue coat on, but am not positive - my attention was taken up with his person - I did not speak to any woman - I called Stop thief! and the thief was stopped.
COURT. Q. How long had you an opportunity of seeing him by Gray's-inn-lane? A. For five minutes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHALLEY
               



            . I was standing in Baldwin's-gardens, on the 6th of July, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, and saw a young man run by me as hard as he could, and in a few minutes heard a call of Stop him! Stop thief! I and my nephew, Cambray, followed him - Cambray ran fastest, and caught him just as he ran into a house - I got up, and am sure he is the same person who was running - it was Lynch. I took him towards Holborn, where the hue and cry proceeded from, and in going along he said he had got money in his pocket, and would give it all to me if I would let him go - I said No, and asked what it was for - he said for an attempt to pick a pocket of a silk handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were any other persons running? A. A good many were running after him, joining in the cry.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMBRAY
               



            . I secured Lynch.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Oram gave me the handkerchief about an hour and a half after the alarm; while Lynch was in the lock-up place at Hatton-garden, Frewin came to him, and, in consequence of what Thissleton said, I secured him. Mr. Oram immediately swore to him.
MR. ORAM. Here is my handkerchief - a lady brought it into Mr. Saunders's shop to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSLETON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 6th of July I was at the office, and saw Frewin there. He called through the partition of the lock-up place, and said "Lynch, how do you get on?" Lynch said "I have not been up yet." I told Read, who secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure he used the name of Lynch? A. I am - I was six or seven yards behind him - he applied his mouth to a hole in the partition, and said so.
LYNCH'S Defence. On the evening in question I left my home in Tash-street, Gray's-inn-lane, and as I was passing Gray's Inn a mob was coming calling Stop thief! I went with them, and was in front of the mob when stopped - the mob exclaimed I was not the person - I was taken back, and several persons said I was not the man.
FREWIN'S Defence. I was returning home, and saw a mob going towards Hatton-garden. I went to see what it was, and a gentleman said it was an attempt to steal ahandkerchief. An officer came out and said, if I wanted to hear the trials I must go in the back way. I looked through a crack, saw Lynch in the lock-up place, and his mother talking to him. Read came and took me, and said he thought I was concerned. It was Lynch's brother who was talking to him, and not me.


                  SIMON 
                  BUSHBY
               



            . I sell articles in the street. On the 6th of July, from five to nine o'clock, I was in Holborn; about five, as I came towards the Bar on the north side, I observed a man with a blue coat, fair complexion, and sandy hair, standing at the corner of Gloster-court, Holborn-bars; and as I drew on to Gray's-inn-gate, I stopped to speak to a person, and in a few minutes I turned round and observed the same young man struggling with Mr. Oram, with a silk handkerchief in his hand - it was not either of the prisoners. I have come here at the request of Frewin's mother - neither of them are the man.
COURT. Q. Did you observe if any person had his coat torn? A. Yes; I saw that person run down Holborn afterwards - he is the man I saw with the handkerchief.
Q. Was there a crowd when he was struggling with Oram? A. Not at that time - they struggled in the centre of the street - there were persons on each side, whose attention was attracted - Oram and the man were struggling opposite Gray's-inn-gate, on the road - there was not a soul about them. I live in Bishop's-head-court, Gray's-inn-lane - I had come from Brook-street - I did not know Frewin before.
- BUSHBY. I am the last witness's wife. On the 6th of July, a little before six o'clock, I was in Holborn - I saw a gentleman and a young man wrestling in the middle of the road; the young man had a silk handkerchief in his hand; he had a blue coat, light waistcoat, full face, light sandy hair, and was very fair, and sun freckled in the face; it was neither of the prisoners - the gentleman laid hold of the young man's coat, and in struggling he threw the handkerchief into the road; the gentleman tore his coat completely up to the collar.
JURY. Q. Your husband did not offer any assistance? A. Yes, and the young man was taken - he asked to speak to the gentleman in the shop, and said, "Sir, you have no business to detain me;" he said, "Let us speak to the gentleman, and we will make it up;" he put his foot on the step of the door, turned out, and the people called Stop thief! the mob ran after him, and my husband followed. Lynch was then taken, and the crowd said he was not the man.


                  CHARLES 
                  HOLYWELL
               



            . I am a cordwainer, and know Frewin for eighteen months. I saw him on the 6th of July at my lodgings - he breakfasted with me, and came again to dinner; he was dressed in a dark mixture frock coat, black waistcoat, and blue trousers - we dined at one o'clock. I live on Saffron-hill.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSLETON
               



            . Frewin had a dark coloured surtout coat - I did not observe the rest of his dress.
CHALESS READ. He had black trowsers.
LYNCH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
FREWIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
