





2143. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  COLLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 sovereign, and 10 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ansley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS ANSLEY. I am a sailor
, belonging to the Lady Camden, a free trader - I am a Welshman, but was in London, on the 5th of October; my ship had been paid off, about three months ago - on that evening I was walking down Whitechapel, and fell in with three women; the prisoner was not one of them; one of these women took hold of my hand, and carried me home with her - I should knew her, and the house, but I do not know the name of it; we went into a ground floor room, and she asked me for a shilling - I would not give it her - I said I wished to to have nothing to do with her - I wanted to go home; she then demanded payment for the room, abused and black-guarded me very much, and spit in my face - I said I would not pay till the mistress or the watchman came; the prisoner then came in, and said she was the mistress - I said she was not, and I would not pay her; she did not name any particular sum, but she would have payment - I said I would not pay till the mistress came; another woman came and turned the other two out - that woman got me to lay down in bed with her, and in a few minutes I felt her hand in my pocket - I then got up, and saw my money on the bed - I took it up, and was looking at it in my hand; she made a snatch at my hand; the prisoner and the others instantly came in - the prisoner collared me, and the other two took the sovereign, and 10s. from me- the prisoner held me while they took it - they all three went out together, as they thought the watchman was coming - I waited there, and in ten minutes the prisoner came in, and demanded the light and payment; I said, "D - n you, have you the impudence to come and demand money again - I will have one of the three" - she ran out - I pursued, and gave charge of her to the watchman, just as she was going into a public-house - I was quite sober.


                  PETER 
                  LUMBY
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard Ansley call out, and saw the prisoner run across a street, and down George-yard; he was following her, about two yards off - I caught her just against a public-house; nothing was found on her but a duplicate.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. I searched the prisoner, but found nothing but a duplicate; the prosecutor was quite sober, and gave the account he has now.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up the court; this man stopped me - I know nothing of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
