





2010. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 4 napkins, value 1s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Wells
               




            .
SAMUEL WELLS. I now live in Pitfield-street. On the 10th of June I lodged at the prisoner's father's, in Liverpool-street


, on the first floor; these articles were locked up in a trunk; I went out about eleven o'clock, leaving the trunk in my bed-room - my wife was in the next room; I returned about one, and found I had been robbed - he lived with his parents.


                  MARY 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I was at home - the key of the trunk was in the table-drawer; I did not miss the trunk till the property was brought up stairs to me in the sitting-room - they had been picked up in the street between eleven and one o'clock; I then went to the bed-room, and the trunk was gone - it was found in the back-kitchen, broken open and empty; a great many things have not been found - the value of the whole is nearly 3l.; I know these articles were in the trunk at eleven o'clock - I had not seen the prisoner in the room; he could be there without my hearing him, as it does not communicate with the front-room.


                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. On the 10th of June, a young man came and took a lodging; the lady on the second-floor was always desirous of his earning 6d. - though he has been a bad boy; she got him a job to fetch a box and pair of trousers from a linen-draper in Bishopsgate-street; he brought the box and took it up to the second-floor, by Mrs. Wells' bed-room; this was between eleven and one o'clock - after that, I saw him sitting in the back-kitchen, for I would not have him in the shop; in about ten minutes the young man came and inquired for his trousers - I called him twice - he did not answer; I went and found him in the yard - I was looking at the gentleman, and he ran by me through the shop; his jacket projected out - I ran after him - the dust blew in my face; he ran by me - I saw a handkerchief and some white linen in his bosom; I said "Where are you going?" he ran into One Swan-yard, and I after him - I fell over a child, and he dropped part of this linen; he ran on to the other end of the yard which leads to Petticoat-lane, and I lost him - I did not see him again till the 31st of August, when he was at Hatton-garden; I brought the things back to Mrs. Wells, who claimed them.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
