





1293. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, a truck, value 6 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bates
               




            .
CHARLES BATES. I live in the Borough-road


. I make trucks and lend them out
; I lent a truck on the 5th of August, to one George Harland, for Mr. Smoker - Harland said, he took it down to the side of the King's-bench, and then a man took it of him - I went to the office, and saw it there.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARLAND
               



            . I live with my father in Princes-street, Borough. On the 5th of August, I saw the prisoner near the King's-bench; he asked me to fetch a truck from Mr. Bates's for Mr. Smoker, and he would give me 3 d. for fetching it - he said, he did not like to go there himself, because he owed Bates 1 s.; I went and got the truck and brought it to the Stone's-end, where the prisoner met me and took it of me - he gave me the 3 d.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me about there before? A. No, but I know your person.


                  JOHN 
                  SMOKER
               



            . I know nothing of the prisoner, and I never employed him to get the truck for me - I did not send for any truck on the 5th of August.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  NEERES
               



            . I am a dealer in coals, and live in Petticoat-lane. On Saturday morning, the 6th of August, I saw the prisoner at my house about nine o'clock; he asked me, if I wanted a strong truck - I asked him whose it was; he said, it was his own, and that it was at his lodgings - I said, fetch it - he did so; I again asked him whose it was, and he said, it was his own; I said, if you can satisfy me of that, I will buy it - I went to his lodgings, but was not satisfied, and did not buy it; when I returned, the officer took him in charge; the truck had stood at my door till our return.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on the 6th of August, and found the truck at Neeres's door; I asked the prisoner how he got it - he said, his father died about six months before and left it to him; I then went with him to his lodgings - the woman there said that she gave him leave to put a truck in there the night before, but she did not know whose it was; I then made him draw the truck to a cooper's, and we put it up there and went to the Magistrate's - he was committed for a week; I afterwards saw written in pencil in front of the truck, "Bates, Borough;" and by that means I found the owner; I shewed it to Bates, who claimed it.
CHARLES BATES re-examined. Q. Did you see your truck before the Magistrates? A. Yes, I knew it to be mine, because I made it myself; I had seen the pencil mark on it when it was in my possession, but do not know who wrote it.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it on Friday in Smithfield, for 25 s. I had the address of the man of whom I bought it, but since I have been apprehended he has gone away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
