





534. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BREATHING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2 d of March
, a deal box, value 1 s., and 15 lbs. of snuff, value 4 l. 15 s. 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Colee
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COLEE
               



            . I am book-keeper
 at the Bull-inn, Leadenhall-street


. I had a deal box under my care to be sent by the waggon to Suffolk, directed to 
               
                  John 
                  Ray
               



            , Lanham. It was brought in about half-past four o'clock on Saturday, and next night I saw it in the possession of the constable, it still had the direction on it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Had you a porter named Cooper - A. No; he was horse-keeper - he left some days after the box was lost; I have not seen him since, but believe he can easily be found; he was before the Magistrate at the same time as the prisoner - the prisoner said Cooper handed it to him, and employed him to take it - Cooper went out of the way two days after.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Sikes and Co., snuff-manufacturers, of Redcross-street. They sent this box to the Bull-inn - I was fetched when the prisoner was apprehended, and asked him how he came by the box; he said he found it behind the Royal Exchange.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say that Cooper gave it to him there - A. No; nor did he say any thing to the Alderman about Cooper in my hearing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a constable. On Monday night, at half-past ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Paul's-alley, Redcross-street; I asked him what he had under his coat, he said what was that to me - I said I insisted on knowing - he said he was only going a little way with it, and that he picked it up somewhere about Whitechapel; that he did not know what was in it. I took him into Mr. Reeves's, broke it open, and found it was snuff; a bill in it lead me to Mr. Sykes's - he saidnothing about Cooper then. But two days after he said Cooper gave it him; he also said he had sent a private letter to the Alderman that contained all about it. I took Cooper before the Alderman.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
