





357. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 8lbs. weight of beef, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Dobbins
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a beadle of St. Giles. I was on duty between seven and eight o'clock on the 1st of January, in Drury-lane


, and saw the prisoner and another boy, smaller than he, together; the other took a piece of beef, and gave it to the prisoner; who placed it under his coat -I went up to the prisoner; he dropped the beef, and I secured him - the other boy got away; the prisoner was close to him, and covered him when he took it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLANCHARD
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Dobbins
               



            . The beef was brought to my master's shop the same night; it was his property - I had seen it not half a minute before: I suppose it was brought back in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.
Prisoner. That witness said he could not swear to the beef at all. Witness. No, not to my knowledge - I said no such thing.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer took and struck me, and said he saw me take the meat; at the watch-house he said, "You are sure to get clear - I think you dropped the meat;" I said, "I did not:" I was walking about slowly, down Drury-lane.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             re-examined. Q.Did you express any doubt as to his being the person? A. No, nor feel any; he had a great coat on, which was covered with the brine of the beef. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
