





OLD COURT.
EIGHTH DAY. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury. Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1566. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BITTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Panting
                     



                  , on the King's highway, on the 14th of September
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, a purse, value 6 d.; two crowns, and thirteen half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Panting
                     



.
ELIZABETH PANTING. I am the wife of Joseph Panting, who is a labourer in the East India House

. On the 14th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Church-lane, Whitechapel


, carrying a basket with a purse in it, containing two crown pieces, and thirteen half-crowns; several persons came up, and crushed me very hard - they surrounded me, and crushed me up against a shop window. I cannot say how many there were - there were two before me, and the prisoner was one of them, on my right hand. I cannot say how many were behind. I said to the prisoner,"Why the deuce do you push so?" He made no answer - he was pushing very hard - my basket was pushed down by my side - I still held it - they left me. I immediately missed my purse with its contents from the basket - it could not have got out, without being taken out. I ran after the prisoner directly, he turned the corner of Union-street. I laid hold of him, and said "You villian! you have robbed me of my purse." - He had got about six yards from me. He said, "You have mistaken me?" He took his hat off, and wished his eyes might roll out into his hat, if he had taken it. I said "It is of no use young man making such oaths, for I am sure you are one of those who robbed me." He said, "He had not got my purse." I said, if not, his companion had. I gave him in charge. One of his companions ran on before him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would you call me the companion of any body in Court, because I am near them? A. No; but he was with them pushing me. I kept him talking for five or ten minutes, until the officer was fetched; a crowd was collected - he could not have got away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am a labourer to the East India Company. I was in Church-lane, and saw the prisoner coming towards me in a great bustle. I had a bag under my arm - he nearly pushed me off the curb-stones. - I turned round, and saw him forcibly pressing this woman against the shop window. I am certain he is the person. On my looking that way, the prisoner and another came from the woman - but the prisoner was the only man I saw about her - they came walking along very fast, and presently the prosecutrix said to the other "Go it." Immediately after that, the prisoner come after them - the other ran away as fast as he could. She caught hold of the prisoner's coat, and said, "Stop him! you villain you have robbed me." He denied it. I said, "You are one of the party." I saw you hustling her against the shop window. He took off his hat, and wished his eyes might drop out into it, if he knew any thing of the other man; he was secured, he could not have got away.
Cross-examined. Q. He made no attempt to get away? A. No, I never took my eye off him till the prosecutrix took hold of him, and did not see him give any thing to any body; he was the only person I saw near her, his back was towards me - nothing was found on him; I was three or four yards from the woman - plenty of people were passing - he ran about six yards before she seized him.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing by a crowd a jeweller's shop. this good woman came and took hold of me, and said, I had her purse - I said not; she then said,my companion had; this man came up and said, "There was a man with you" - I heard you say, "Go on."




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
