





895. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TIERNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, one handkerchief, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Slater
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SLATER
               



            . I live in High-street, Marylebone. About six weeks or two months ago, in the day, I was in Church-street, Soho


, with two friends; it was warm; I pulled my handkerchief out to wipe my face, and put it in my pocket again. A gentleman said, you have lost your handkerchief - on feeling, I missed it, and immediately I saw the prisoner running up the street - I followed and overtook him about thirty yards off - Bidgood stopped him and asked him for the gentleman's handkerchief - he pulled it from under his waistcoat.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Are you certain you put it in your pocket - A. I am.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDGOOD
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was in Church-street, and saw the prisoner sitting at a public-house door, with two others - Mr. Slater passed, wiping his face; they immediately got up and followed him - I saw Mr. Slater return his handkerchief into his pocket; they followed him, and the prisoner took it out; the others were by - I called,
"Stop him." I ran as hard as I could, and stopped him. I asked him for the handkerchief, and he gave it me from under his waistcoat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not running - I had had the typhus fever, and had only been eight days out of bed. I did take the handkerchief, but it was in Greek-street, not Church-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
