





421. 
               
                  EDWIN JAMES 
                  PARKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 20lbs. weight of lead, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Robert 
                  Fry
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Watkins
               



            , the younger.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a painter. On the 24th of January, about half-past four o'clock, I was at work at some houses in York-square, Commercial road


, which belong to Messrs. Watkins and Fry; I saw the prisoner at the corner house, standing on the rafters, and cutting off the lead from the back dormer window; I went to where he was - and asked him what he was doing - he said Nothing. I said, "Come down; I saw you cutting the lead;" he then attempted to run away, and got on the third house, where he hid himself for about five minutes; I got on the roof; he jumped out of the window, and was taken about one hundred yards from the place. I have seen the lead compared with that on the roof, and it corresponds exactly; he was quite a stranger, and had no right there
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it day-light? A. Yes; enough for me to discern who he was; I had not been in the house from which the lead was taken for a week or more; he was two or three seconds cutting the lead, but I had seen him about the premises before - his face was towards me, and his hat was on; there was no knife, or any thing by which he could cut lead, found upon him; he was three stories up from the ground - I picked up the lead, but there was no knife with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURNET
               



            . I am servant at the Duke of York, public-house; our back window looks over these premises - I was coming through the square - James White told me there was some one cutting the lead; I got into one of the houses, and saw the prisoner - he ran out and got away; I saw three men coming up, and called to them Stop thief! he knocked down one man, and then another - by that time I got up to him; he was taken into our house, and put into the parlour; when I first saw him he was cutting lead; he dropped it through the joists with one hand, and the knife with the other.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the man who found the lead, see the the knife? A. Yes; I did not see the lead found; I was with the prisoner while they went round, and picked it up; I spoke about the knife at the office,>and it was produced - it was found the day after by a little boy.


                  GEORGE 
                  WATKINS
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership with William Robert Fry - the building belongs to us; I have seen the lead compared, and it corresponds exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to have a pot of porter, and I waited there for another young man, who was to have a job: I was a little in liquor; I went into the yard, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran out at the side gate - the pot-boy pursued me and said I was the thief - I said I was not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
