





1132. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st for April
, 8 rings, value 21s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Faiers
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FAIERS
               



            . I am a hair-dresser
 and jeweller
. On the 21st of April, between seven and eight o'clock, I was engaged in a room behind the shop; I was just coming into the shop when my niece screamed out, and said a man had run out off the shop with some rings - I pursued the prisoner with some other persons, and saw him taken - a person said he had thrown the property down in the street; I took up part of it, and part was down an area.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HAWDON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's niece. A lady had been into the shop, and bought a gold ring- she had hardly got two steps out, when the prisoner came in, and asked for Mr. Johnson; I said I could not tell about any such person - I had my hand on the tray of rings - he snatched it up, and ran out; I saw him brought back, and am certain he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner coming out of this shop, and heard Hawdon scream - I pursued, and took him - I did not see him throw any thing away.


                  CELIA 
                  WELCH
               



            . I was standing at our door, and some person said the prisoner had thrown some rings down an area - I went there, and found four rings, which I gave the officer.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a street two or three turnings out of the City-road; I had nothing about me - I was pushed down by three or four people, and was just getting up - I had been out of employ for ten months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
