





2092. 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  KYLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 1 pillow, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 half-handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Matheson
                     



                  ; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 1 pair of trousers, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edmund 
                        Mason
                     



                  ; 1 pillow, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Thomas
                     



                  ; 1 pair of braces, value 1s, the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Raymond
                     



                  ; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Emanuel 
                  Peire
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HYNSON
               



            . I am an officer of the Lancaster West India Naval School Ship


 - the prisoner was an apprentice
 on board; no part of the property was mine - the persons it belongs to are all apprentice



s, except Raymond; on the 9th of October I called the prisoner and ordered him to unlash his hammock; he took it to the other side of the deck, and did it in a way which excited great suspicion - I went to him, and said I did not think all was right; I overhauled it, and found all the articles stated; he said he did it out of fun and sky-larking.
THOMAS MATHESON. I am an apprentice on board this ship. This pillow, and handkerchief, and half-handkerchief, are mine; they had been in my hammock.
EDMUND MASON. I am apprentice on board the ship. This handkerchief and trousers are mine; they were taken out of the hawl-up-deck - I had tied them up in my handkerchief; I never lent them to the prisoner.
JAMES THOMAS. I am apprentice on board the ship. I lost this pillow from my hammock on the hawl-up-deck.
EMANUEL PEIRE. I am apprentice on board the ship. This handkerchief was taken from my hammock.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAIRBAIRN
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for and took the prisoner; I went on board the Sir Edward Hamilton, where the prisoner said he had a chest; I there selected a number of other things which are not here.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the things; I lost my own pillow; they got hove about by the boys in their play.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
