





1280. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WICKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, a watch, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rigby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RIGBY
               



            . I live in the New-road, St. George's. On the 17th of August, about half-past nine o'clock, I was in Whitechapel-road


; I had a child in my arms, and my housekeeper by my side. I passed a doctor's shop, at the corner of North-street


 - the prisoner gave me a shove and turned me right round - there was a gas-light at the corner, and at the doctor's shop also - he came from behind, and shoved me, turned me right round, and snatched my watch from my fob, and ran up North-street - I pursued, calling out Stop thief! he was not taken then - I saw him in custody four days after, and cannot swear to him, as I only saw his back.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you recover your watch - A. Yes; it was sent to me a week or ten days after.


                  SARAH 
                  RIGBY
               



            . I was in company with Mrs. Rigby, walking on his left side - he was carrying the child. I noticed a man following us, and looked round several times, thinking he knew us - he was alone. At the corner of North-street, he came behind us and gave Mr. Rigby a shove on the left shoulder, I did not see him snatch the watch - he ran down North-street; an alarm was given. Mr. Rigby ran after him - I took the child from him, and another person came behind and threw him down - I saw the prisoner in custody on the 22d - there was a gas light from the shop, and one from the corner - I believe him to be the man, and am sure that he is.
Cross-examined. Q. You never knew him before - A. No; I never fixed on any other - I was coming out of a friend's house in North-street, and Mr. Rigby said,
"This looks like the man who tripped me up." I said,
"It is not him, for he was a great deal taller." I described him to the officers, and when I saw the prisoner, I was certain of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. and Mrs. Rigby gave me a description of the men on the Monday after the robbery, and in consequence of the woman's description, I apprehended the prisoner on the Wednesday following. I knew him before. The woman never hesitated about him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
