





London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
737. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DOWNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, seven books, value 3 l., and a snuff box, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Addison
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  ADDISON
               



            . I live at No. 1, King's Bench-walk, Inner Temple


. I left my chambers about six o'clock on Saturday evening, the 12th of April. I am not certain whether I left anybody there or not, or whether I locked the outer door. I returned about ten o'clock, and found a note on my table, which I now produce. Next morning, I missed from my book shelf Bacon's Abridgment, seven volumes, octavo, which were safe the preceeding day, and a tortoise-shell snuff box, with a painted lid, which was on the table in the course of Saturday. I found the books on the Saturday following, at Cooper's shop, in Fisher's-alley. They have marginal notes, in my own hand writing - I found the snuff box in pawn afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live with Mr. Addison. I was gone to dinner when he left the chambers. After I returned, the prisoner came to the chambers, a little past eight o'clock, and asked how long Mr. Addison had been out - I said I had not seen him since four o'clock. He said he would write a note to him, and went into Mr. Addison's room; I followed him in - he asked if Mr. Addison had Bacon's Abridgment; I said Yes; he told me to get them down for him - I did so, and asked if he wanted them for Mr. Whiting, whose name he had mentioned. He said. Yes, and took them away. I had not noticed the snuff box. I saw Mr. Addison on Monday; he said Bacon's Abridgment was gone - I said a man had been for them. (Looks at the note,) this is the note he left. On the Thursday following, I went with Limbrick, to the prisoner's house, in Clarence-street, Rotherhithe - I saw him, and told him a gentleman was waiting for him at the bottom of the street; he said he would come to him immediately. I returned to Limbrick; we waited half an hour for him; he did not come; we went to the house, but could not find him - we went again on the Sunday following, and took him. I have seen the books since, and know them to be my master's, (Note read.)
"SIR, I will call upon you on Monday morning, by eleven o'clock, respecting some business I wish you to do for me."


                  CHARLES 
                  HUSHALL
               



            . I am a bookseller. I bought Bacon's Abridgment of the prisoner, for 35 s., on the Saturday night - I am certain of his person. Mr. Addison saw them on the Monday week following, at Mr. Cooper's, to whom I had sent them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASLAND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On Saturday evening, the 12th of April, the prisoner pawned a tortoise-shell snuff box with me, for 10 s. - I am certain of him. It is mounted in metal, and has no silver about it.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at his own house. I said I had found the books, and wanted to know where the duplicate was - he said,
"I have tore it." I said if the snuff box was pawned, I would find it - he then wrote on a paper,
"Snuff box, opposite Magdalen, Westminster, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Williams
               



            ."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.
GUILTY. Aged 28.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 35 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
