





663. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Susan 
                           Hughes
                        



                     
                  , about two o'clock in the night of the 4th of May
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein two snuff-boxes, value 1 l.; one nutmeg-grater, value 3 s.; one tea-spoon, value 3 s.; two bags, value 6 d.; one seal, value 14 s.; one pair of spectacles, value 4 s.; one hone, value 2 s., and one desk, value 5 s., her property; and one clock, value 2 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watts
                        



.
COSTELINA MEARS. I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Susan 
                  Hughes
               



            . I have not seen her for a week. I understand she is ill; I still live in the house, which is in Vincent-square, Westminster


. On the 3d of May I did not fasten the house up, I believe the other servant did, she is not here. I got up between four and five o'clock next morning - 
               
                  John 
                  Skelton
               



             called me. I missed the clock off the landing-place, which, I believe, belonged to Mr. Watts, my mistress's brother - he is not here.
JOHN SKELTON. I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Watts
               



            . I slept in the house by the prosecutrix's desire. I fastened all the doors between ten and eleven o'clock at night, and heard Mrs. Hughes lock the parlour door; every thing was safe then. I saw the clock. I have lived with my master six years, and have seen the clock in his house. I do not know when it was taken to the prosecutrix's. I got up about five o'clock in the morning, and found the kitchen-door open, which I had shut. I went to bed again, finding it was only five o'clock. The watchman rang the bell soon after to know if all was safe. I went up and found the inner-door on the top of the stairs forced open, and a square of glass was taken quite out. Between this and the yard-door is a water-closet - the sash-frame was entirely forced out of the brick-work into the yard; it looked into the yard, and I saw it safe the day before. I missed the clock.
Cross-examined by Mr. ARABIN. Q. You was not up till after daylight - A. No; - I heard my mistress lock the door.


                  EPHRAIM 
                  WILTON
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 5th of May, about three minutes past three in the morning, I was in Rochester-row. About the middle of the row is a small bridge, which leads to Vincent-square. I saw three men coming towards me in a direction from the prosecutrix's in the square, about eighty yards from her house; the prisoner was one, and he got behind the wall of an adjoining garden; they were in company together. I have seen them in company many times before, and one of them asked me what o'clock it was - I said you know better than me; they passed me and went into Rochester-row. The moon shone, and it was getting light. I then went towards the wall, and saw the prisoner go from the wall under the railings of the square - he pretended to be looking through the railing. I told Cox and Shields - Cox lifted up his lantern, and by the light of it we found the clock among the bushes, on the very spot where he was looking through. The prisoner was then gone through a little street into Rochester-row - I went into Rochester-row and saw he had joined the other two again. They went through a passage into the fields. I met another with him, and followed them. I went to get some person to prevent them escaping, and on my return I found a watchman in pursuit of the prisoner. Kidd and Evans secured him, the others escaped - he was searched at the watch-house and two small bags found on him, which the prosecutrix claimed. I am certain he is the man who hid himself behind the wall, and went to the spot where the clock was found.
Cross-examined. Q. It was quite daylight - A. It was getting daylight. The clock was within the palisades opposite another house.


                  JOHN 
                  KIDD
               



            . I am a watchman. A little after three o'clock I saw the last witness, he described three men to me, and desired me to look out. I placed myself at the back of Rochester-row, and saw the prisoner come down a lane, and seeing me and two more watchmen he turned back. I pursued - he got over three or four garden-walls, and I at last secured him in a privy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a watchman of Vincent-square, on the opposite side to Hughes's house. On the 5th of May, as I was calling three o'clock, Wilton came and asked me if I had seen three men? I said No. He said there had been robbery near my beat. I went to the corner by the shrubbery, I threw my lanthorn in to hide it, and saw the face of the clock inside the shrubbery paling - it struck three as I took it into my hand - I got it over the railing. I left it at the watch-house after the prisoner was taken. I went round to the house, and found it belonged to Hughes. I alarmed the apprentice - I found a desk was gone, and saw it laying on a flower-bed in the next garden. Some writings, a medal, and about twelve keys were on the flower-bed - the desk was open. The garden was very much trampled - more persons than one had been there. A person must pass through this garden to get to the prosecutrix's water-closet.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman of Tothil-fields. A little after three o'clock Wilton told me what he suspected. I saw the prisoner about ten minutes after, and helped Kidd to pursue, and saw him taken in the privy of No. 9, Rochester-row. I returned with Gough to the privy about five o'clock, got a light, and found a silver nutmeg-grater and two snuff-boxes on the soil, thrown down the hole, also a silver tea-spoon and a knife.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I searched the privy with Evans, and found the snuff-box, tea-spoon, and knife on the soil.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHAW
               



            . I found two bags in the prisoner's pocket at the watch-house.
COSTELINA MEARS re-examined. I am sure the clock was in the house at night when I went to bed. I do notknow the value of the property - I know it to be my mistress's, and am positive one of the bags was in the house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged in Rochester-row. I was going to work, heard the alarm, and went the back way because I was afraid they would take me. I told the constable of the night at the time that the bags were my own, and that I used them to keep bird-seed in.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHAW
               



             re-examined. The prisoner claimed the bags, and said he kept seed in them - there was no appearance of any.


                  MARY 
                  MACDONALD
               



            . I have lived with the prisoner seven years as his wife, at his mother's, in Rochester-row; since he has been apprehended I have lived in Charles-street, Westminster-road - I do not know the landlady's name. I had some patch-work for my mother to make a quilt six or nine months ago, and believe one of the bags formed part of it. I think I can swear to it.
COSTELINA MEARS re-examined. I had a gown of the pattern, and gave my mistress a piece; she made two bags out of it. It is a bit of my gown I am certain.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
