





1883. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 gold ring, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Chaulk
               




            .
WILLIAM CHAULK. I am a silversmith
, and live in the Strand


. On the 16th of October, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my house - he asked for some wedding-rings; as I had been robbed several times, I took them out one at a time; I took out nine separately, and laid them on the counter; he made several excuses - one was too large, and another too small - he then desired me to weigh one, and while I was doing it I thought I saw him take one; I counted them, and found there were but seven on the counter, instead of eight; I said the one I had weighed came to 9s., and he said he would give me 7s. for it; he was then going away, but my sister shut the door, and I sent for an officer, who searched him in the parlour; his coat and waistcoat were taken off, and nothing found; I heard the ring drop, and it was found on the floor.


                  JAMES 
                  COX
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in the shop; I searched him in the parlour, and found a few halfpence; I found the ring on the ground, between his legs, on the carpet.
Prisoner's Defence. My hat was on the table, and this handkerchief was in it; the prosecutor said, "I am surprised - I thought he took the ring, and put it into hispocket;" I then took my handkerchief, to wipe my face, and this ring fell out of it.


                  JAMES 
                  COX
               



            . It fell on the ground while I was searching him, but I cannot say from where it fell; I thought he had the handkerchief in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAULK
               



            . There was no appearance of a handkerchief while he was dealing with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
