





160. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 1 prayer-book, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Booth
                  




               
            ; and that he had before been convicted of felony.
SPENCER HALL. I am shopman to Mr. John Booth, Duke-street, Portman-place


. I lost a prayer-book from his shop; I did not see it taken, and cannot say the precise time - I heard a gentleman say, "You rascal, I've caught you;" I ran forward, and took the prisoner, who was standing at a glass-case, opposite the shop door - he appeared to he attempting to cry, and begged me to let him go; this is the book.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is that gentleman here? A. Yes; the prisoner had asked for a copy of 
               
                  Tom 
                  Jones
               



             - it is not unusual for persons who come to buy to look at books; I saw the book taken from his breast coat pocket.
SAMPSON LOW. I was in the prosecutor's shop on the 10th of November: I saw the prisoner take another book from the glass-case, and put it back again - he then took this book, and put it into his breat coat pocket; I stepped forward, took him by the arm, and said, "I have caught you."
Cross-examined. Q. He had taken one book, and put it back? A. Yes - I drew his hand out of his pocket; I do not know whether he might have returned this book.
FREDERIOK ELLIS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner - he begged the gentleman to let him go; there was 11s., 9d. found on him, and a watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to purchase a set of books, and put my hand to my side pocket, to take my handkerchief: the gentleman came and said."You have stolen that book;" I said, "I beg your pardon, I have not;" the book was never in my pocket, and that the gentleman knows.
MR. LOW. There was no handkerchief in his side pocket - to the best of my recollection it was in his hat.
WILLIAM BALL. I produce the record of the conviction of the prisoner, by the name of John Simmonds, in June last - I apprehended him, and know he is the person; he pleaded guilty, and had three months' imprisonment.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
