





216. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, five pigs of lead, containing 112 lbs. each, value 4 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thompson
                  




               
             and others, his partners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMMS
               



            . I live in Brewer's-lane, Upper Thames-street, and am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Thompson
               



             and others, his partners. On the 29th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, we landed three hundred pigs of lend on the wharf - I went there at seven o'clock next morning, but did not miss any till the officer came to enquire, which was in the course of the morning; I then missed five pigs. I have known the prisoner sometime, and saw him standing at the head of the wharf while we were landing them.
WILLIAM JUDGE. I am a Thames Police officer. On the 30th of December, about a quarter past six o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner at the end of Tooley-street, with something wrapped in a piece of old bag; I asked what it was; he said a piece of lead. I found it was part of a pig of lead, and appeared fresh sawn off. I asked where he got it - he said he was watching Mr. Illman's craft at Dowgate-wharf, and a man gave it him - he could not tell who the man was; and said he was going to sell it. I made enquiry, and found out the prosecutor's wharf. It matched with a piece which was afterwards produced with four pigs.


                  JOHN 
                  GASKELL
               



            . I was with Judge. I went in search of a lighter, and found four pigs and a piece of lead in a barge, called the Jemima, and in the cabin I found a saw, which had lead in the teeth, and lead dust on the floor. I took the lead to the prosecutor's wharf, with a piece of bag which was in the barge, and it corresponded with the piece of bag the prisoner's lead was wrapped in. The lead also corresponded.


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



            . On the 26th of December, I sent the barge Jemima with three hundred pigs of lead, and saw them all landed on the 29th, and saw them marked on the 30th. I was told the barge was missing; the prisoner had no business with it - I found it afloat half a mile down the river, with four pigs and a half of the same lead in it.



                  JOHN 
                  MACK
               



            . I am foreman to the prosecutors. I counted the lead as it was landed - there were three hundred pigs. I left the wharf at seven o'clock, and next morning missed five. The officer produced them - they corresponded with the marks on the rest.
Prisoner's Defence. It was given to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
