





27. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 2 silver spoons, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martin 
                  Stapylton
               




            , Esq.




                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am butler to 
               
                  Martin 
                  Stapylton
               



            , Esq. of Manchester-square


 - Mulvey was a fellow-servant of mine; the prisoner used to visit him - I have seen him there several times after the beginning of October; I missed two spoons on the 5th of November - the prisoner had been there the day before.


                  JOHN 
                  MULVEY
               



            . I was footman in this family, but have left it. I have known the prisoner between five and six years - he used to visit me, and was there on the night of the 4th of November; we had a party that night - I never authorised him to take the spoons.


                  THOMAS 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker, of Tottenham-court-road. I have a desertspoon, pawned on the 5th of November by a young man, in the name of Stone, to whom I gave this duplicate.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDAND
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 12th of November, and on his person found twelve duplicates - one of this dessert spoon, and one of a tea-spoon, which I got from Mr. Fleming's; I asked how he came by the spoons - he said they were given him by 
               
                  John 
                  Mulvey
               



            , who had lived with a Yorkshire gentleman, of the name of Benyon; about a fortnight before John Mulvey did live with a Yorkshire gentleman of the name of Benyon.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I hope you will be as merciful as you can - it is the first time I ever was in a Court of Justice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
