





1734. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANCOCK
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement; and that he, at the Delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden on the 4th of December, in the 9th Year of his Majesty's Reign, was convicted of felony
            .


                     WILLIAM 
                     HARDING
                  




               
            . I am a baker
, and live at Bethnal-green


. The prisoner was in my employ, and used to receive money for me, every morning he went out with his bread; he was to account for the money he received when he returned - he never accounted to me for 2s. 7 1/2d. received on the 27th of July, nor for 9 1/2d. received on the 28th - I found from the customers that they had paid him; and he afterwards acknowledged it.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  WREN
               



            . On the 27th of July I paid the prisoner 2s. 7 1/2d. for his master - he did not give me any receipt.


                  SARAH 
                  DERBY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bushell. I paid the prisoner, on the 28th of July, 9 1/2d. for his master - I gave him a shilling, and he gave me 2 1/2d. out.
THOMAS BRIDGES. I am a constable. I took the prisoner on the 29th of July, at his master's shop - he said he had lost the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



             re-examined. The prisoner came home on the 27th - I booked his bread; I asked if any of his bills had been paid - he said No; I did the same on the 28th, and he gave me the same answer.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM WINTLE
               



            . I produce the certificate of the conviction of the prisoner, last December Session, for stealing a basket of bread - I know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
