





1700. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 1 pair of trousers, value 1s. 6d., 1 waistcoat, value 9d., and 1 handkerchief, value 9d., the goods of 
                     
                        George Francis 
                        Newsum
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        George 
                        Newsum
                     



.
GEORGE NEWSUM. I am the son of George Francis Newsum, and live in Carey-street. My mother sent me with these things, in a bundle, to my father, at Whitecross-street Prison; the prisoner came behind me in Beech-street


 and told me to move on - he directly caught hold of my waist, took the things off my arm, and took me off my feet and directly put me down; I asked him for them - he said he would not give them to me and ran off; I called Stop thief! and he dropped them as he ran - he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRENTER
               



            . I am an officer. I heard a cry as I was in my box, in Whitecross-street - I ran out and secured the prisoner.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MORTON
               



            . On the 3d of September, I was at the end of a Court, in Whitecross-street; I heard a cry of Stop thief! but being infirm, I did not step up - the prisoner ran past me about twenty yards, then put his hand across his breast, took the bundle from his left hand and then threw it on the ground; he was taken almost immediately - he ran against a house that was being repaired and was stopped.
MRS. NEWSUM. I am the wife of George Francis Newsum. I sent my son with a bundle containing these things.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down Beech-street, and saw a bundle on the stones - he said at first that I snatched it from him - then, that I picked it up, and walked away, which I certainly did; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and a gentleman took me - I merely saw it lying on the ground.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Recommended to Mercy
             - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
