





248. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MARSHALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 1 watch-chain, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 2l.; 1 key, value 10s., and 1 ring, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Murray
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS MURRAY. I am a dealer in marine-stores
. On the 5th of November, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was going down Cow-lane into Holborn


, with 
               
                  Mary 
                  White
               



             - we were seized by three young men; the prisoner was the one on my left hand - one of them ran against me, and seized my seals; the chain broke, and he got that and the seals - I said, "My chain and seals are gone!" the prisoner at this time was holding my left side; I turned round, and saw the man who seized my chain run down West-street. I said to the prisoner, "I'll have you; you are one of them" - he was with the other two; he tried to get away, but I held him; he dragged me to the top of West-street and knocked my hat off - I then knocked his hat off, and let him go to recover mine.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he stopped when his hat fell off, and asked you for it? A. No, he did not - I was sure of him before the Alderman - when I called Watch! I was surrounded by a number of people.
MARY WHITE. I was with Murray on Sunday evening; three persons came round us - I do not know who took the chain - they were all in company - Murray took the prisoner; I saw the chain and seals go.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you his sister? A. No; I do not know that he took them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSHNELL
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard a call of Watch! I ran up, and saw the prisoner standing by the wall, talking to Murray, who said he had been robbed, and the prisoner was one who was with them.
Cross-examined. Q. How were they standing? A. Within a yard of one another; they were not holding each other at that time - the prisoner said he had knocked his hat off - there was a crowd round.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS HANNINGTON
               



            . I received him in charge, but found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had hold of him at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  MURRAY
               



            . He held my arm down while the others robbed me - he would have run off Smithfield way, but he wanted to get down West-street, after his companions.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
