





1159. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  POWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 35 sovereigns and 2 half sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Randall
                     




                   from his person
            .
JONATHAN RANDALL. I am a sawyer
, and live in Hertfordshire. I came to town on the 10th of April, and on the 11th, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I received thirty-five sovereigns from Mr. Akers of Richmond, and I had two half sovereigns before - I put them in part of an old handkerchief, and put it into my fob, which is a deep one - I received it at the George and Gate public-house, Gracechurch-street - I only had two penny worth of gin there - I then went down to Shoreditch-church, and on the road some man overheard me, and began talking about farming and the country; I never saw him before, I slipped down and dirted one of my knees - I went into a public-house, to scrape of the dirt; the man came in, and called for a pint of beer or ale, and asked me to drink, which I did - I then went on to Shoreditch: he followed, and asked me into a public-house, and we did go into the Green Gate public-house; we had not been there long, before another man came in, and then the prisoner came in, one of them then said, he had got a great deal of property about him, and he hoped we were all gentlemen, and would not rob him; it was then about eleven o'clock- the man who talked of his money, then pulled out some sovereigns - I do not know how many; the man who had gone in with me, then pulled out some money, and then the prisoner pulled out two or three sovereigns, and after that I pulled out some money - I did not show it all - I then put it into my fob again safe, and felt it safe after I got out of that house; we all came out together; we only had one pint of beer there; the man who said he had this property, said he wished to get into a bettermost house; they at first seemed to be strangers, but they all talked about money, and all shewed some; we then went to the Bird Cage public-house, as they told me - I do not know what street it was in, they said it was Hackney-road, I think, but it was not; it is about a quarter of a mile from the other house; they talked of having a beef-steak, and the gentleman who said he had the property ordered some; we all eat together, and had a pot of beer - I know my money was safe when they were going to have the steak cooked - I left there between one and two o'clock I should think; after we eat the steak, they called for some brandy and water, and then the prisoner said, "I must go out, I have to attend to a shop" - this was between one and two o'clock, I think; he went out, and came back again (we sat at a large table; the prisoner sat at my right hand, and the man who joined me in the street, on my left; my money was in my fob); the prisoner sat down again, at the same place as before - I believe; he staid some minutes, and went out; he returned again in about ten minutes; we were an hour and a quarter in the house altogether; after I had drank the brandy and water it made me stupid - I do not know what was done, but I am told we all went out together- I did not go to sleep - I came to my recollection about eight o'clock in the evening, and found myself somewhere at the west end of the town - I know I had left the house with them; I walked, or they led me - I was found somewhere in Mary-le-bone, as I am told - I felt there for my money, and it was gone - I should judge that I had my money safe when I left the Bird Cage public-house - I have recovered no part of it, or seen any of the men, except the prisoner; he was taken on the 14th - I had informed an officer - I described their persons - I did not know either of their persons, so well as the prisoner's - I knew him again the moment I saw him, and swear most positively he is the man - I was sober when I felt for my money - I lost the half-sovereigns and all.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Have you been in London before? A. Yes; I had only two-penny worth of gin - I had no more spirits till after dinner, and after drinking the brandy and water I was stupid - I do not know that they gave me any thing more - I was not drunk but insensible, and have no recollection of any thing that passed after two o'clock - I believe the three men went away with me, but I had lost my senses then - I know they went away with me - the last thing I recollect is that there was a step at the door; whether I fell down I do not know - some of them led me away - I know nothing more.
Q. Did not you tell the officer you should not know anyof the persons? A. I do not know that I did; I cannot tell whether I was in any woman's company after I came out, nor whether I went into any public-house - I had not sense enough to know; I do not know whether the prisoner is a sailor.
COURT. Q. Was he dressed like one? A. No, he had a blue coat, and a ring - I should have taken him for one from his appearance.


                  THOMAS 
                  FAULKENER
               



            . On Wednesday, the 11th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw Akers pay the prosecutor thirty-five sovereigns - he wrapped them in part of an old handkerchief, and put them into his fob - he was then quite sober.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On Wednesday, the 11th of April, I saw the prosecutor going down Hackney-road, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, two gentlemen were with him - the prisoner was not there then - one had hold of his arm, the other was close by - they went on into the Green Gate public-house, remained there some time, and came out - I saw the prisoner come out last - I had not seen him go in, but am confident he is the man - they went up Crabtree-row, to the Bird Cage public-house, at the corner of Bird Cagewalk, Bethnal-green - I followed them; the prisoner walked behind them within a few yards - I did not see them go in - I was close behind, but they turned a corner- there are two doors to the house - I turned, and supposed they were gone in; I went into a house opposite, and staid some time - I saw the prisoner come out; he went in again in a short time - I then sent a woman for Newsom, my brother officer, who came - I told him to go in, and have a pint of beer in the same room with them - when he went in, the prisoner had gone out a second time; he returned shortly after, and went in - Newsom directly came out; we waited, and after some time they all four came out together - we watched them on to Brick-lane - this was about two o'clock; the prisoner was pretty close to them, a little distance behind - the prosecutor seemed to walk steadily - I did not consider him intoxicated - they all turned down a street out of Brick-lane, except the prisoner, who went straight on - we then lost sight of them, and went to several houses to look for them - I found them in a house in Brick-lane - I think it is called the Tap public-house; they all went out together - the prisoner was then with them - it might then he half-past two o'clock, I cannot be certain; we went up, and said they were after something, and told them to leave the countryman - they then went away from him, and as we had to be at Bow-street by four o'clock we went away - next morning I heard the prosecutor had been robbed - I went, and asked if he should know them; he said No - I said, "But we know them, and no doubt we shall find them;" I knew one of the others before, but not the prisoner - I have not seen the others since. On the Saturday night we went to a certain house where the other two had promised to meet us - they did not come, but I saw the prisoner walking on the other side of the way, and looking into a house - I went to him and said, "You are one of the men who was with them - the countryman has been robbed, and I shall take you; your companions promised to be here, you had better come in" - we went in, and staid there some time; they did not come. I said it was our duty to detain him - he said, "I should not like to be locked up, here are two sovereigns;" I certainly took the two sovereigns, and took him into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. The other two men and the prosecutor came out of the Bird Cage first? A. Yes; the prisoner might be six or seven yards behind - I think they went separate ways when we spoke to them; the prosecutor seemed to walk on very well - he appeared to have had a drop, but knew very well what he was about. I did not see him again till next morning myself - when I took the prisoner he said he knew nothing of the robbery: he said if we would not lock him up all Sunday, he would come before the Magistrate on Monday; that he did not care about it on the Monday. I have heard he was steward to Captain Parry in his last voyage.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWSOM
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. About one o'clock Tyrrell sent for me. I went to a house opposite the Bird Cage, and afterwards went into the house, where I found the other two men talking with the prosecutor, about the country and farming, and in about ten minutes the prisoner came in - I left just as he went in - he did not seem to speak to them while I was there, but I left and went to Tyrrell, to watch them; they came out about two o'clock, all in company together; they went on down to Brick-lane - nearly facing Hanbury's brew-house we lost them for a short time, and then we found them in the Tap opposite the brew-house; I went into the house, and saw them- I do not know whether they were drinking; they had not been there long. Directly they saw me they came out; I had seen the prisoner once or twice before; I am quite certain of him: I came out - Tyrrell and I went up, and spoke to them, and they dispersed. The prosecutor appeared to go away; he called on me next morning, and said he had been robbed; I asked if he should know them again- he said he thought not; I said I should know them, and would try and find them. On the Saturday morning I met the other two in Chiswell-street, and said, "You are the men that drew the countryman the other day;" they denied it, and offered me a sovereign; I said, "Go with me to the old man, and clear the case;" they said No, they would not do that, but they would give me a sovereign; I proposed to meet them the same evening, down in Shoreditch - we went- they did not come. The prisoner came, and was taken into custody - he gave Tyrrell two sovereigns.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not take the two men? - A. No. The prosecutor could not tell where he lost his money. They dispersed about three o'clock - I went into the Bird Cage that I might know them again; the prisoner went up to the table, and sat there. I was not there above a minute after he came in.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLBROOK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones, of the Bird Cage public-house, Bird Cage-walk, Bethnal-green. On the Wednesday in question I remember seeing the prosecutor there; three gentlemen were all in his company - I served them with a pint of brandy, some water, and sugar; I did not stop in the room to see if they all drank together; one of the gentlemen paid me - the prisoner was one of them - he was not dressed like a sailor.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it one of the others who paid you? A. Yes.


                  MARY 
                  MOURNE
               



            . I live with Mr. Jones, at the Bird Cage. I cooked the beef steaks for the four gentlemen;the prosecutor and prisoner were two of them; they were all in company, and dined together. I received the money - one paid for all. I am certain of the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them come in? A. No. I did not see the prosecutor go out alone.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the Green Gate, and saw the prosecutor and two others sitting together; they appeared to be friends. I had a glass of gin and bitters, and the paper; the prosecutor told me he had a great deal of money, and that the others had also; he pulled out his money first, and then the other men, and with a great deal of persuasion I pulled out a sovereign or two; I was invited to go and have some steaks, and after some time I left them to go to Brick-lane, to look for a person who I was to meet about a shop; I said I would come back and be a glass of brandy and water with them; I did so, and afterwards we went to another house. I never saw the prosecutor again for nine days, and he asked which was the man, though I stood close to him in the office. I have been out with Captain Parry.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I keep the Lord Tyrol public-house, High-street, Mary-le-bone. I saw the prosecutor in my house about five o'clock on the 11th of April; he was brought in by two men as I heard, but I did not see him brought in; when I went in he was left there, in a corner, quite drunk.


                  JAMES 
                  WEDGERY
               



            . I am a servant out of place, and lodged at this house. I saw the prosecutor brought in by two gentlemen, about five o'clock - neither of them was the prisoner - he did not appear very tipsy, but a little so; he had a pint of beer there - I was in the tap-room about three hours; he was in the parlour; I only saw him at five o'clock, and again about eight.
COURT. Q. Did the two gentlemen leave the house? - A. One did - the other remained with him some time, I do not know how long. One of the gentlemen came to me, and said, "Don't give those men any more beer or spirits."


                  HENRIETTA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I keep the Nottingham Arms, public-house, Mary-le-bone. There was an elderly countryman led into my house by two young men, between four and five o'clock; I should not know them - they were going away some time after, and I made them take him with them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Life
            .
