






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1851. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KIRKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 1 watch-case, value 7s.; 1 watch movement, value 7s., and 3 watch-makers' tools, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Paull
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
GEORGE PAULL. The prisoner was in my service, as a journeyman watch-finisher
. On Tuesday the 15th of September, I delivered him a silver watch-case, and a horizontal movement; he was to take the case to the maker's, to have the pendant soldered on, and to get a pendulum spring to the movement - he absented himself for eight days after, during which time I repeatedly called at his lodging, and saw his wife, but could not see him; on the eight day, the officer and I watched the house, from eight o'clock till one in the morning, when he came home, and was taken - he lived at No. 21 Earl-street.


                  HENRY 
                  ROLLS
               



            . I am a servant to Ashman and Son, pawnbrokers, of Long-acre; I have a watch-case, pawned on the 15th of September, by a female, for 6s. 6d., in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 21, Earl-street - I saw her at the office, and understood her to be the prisoner's wife.


                  PETER 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have watch movement, pawned for 4s., by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 21, Earl-street; I knew her before as a customer - I saw her at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 24th of September, at one o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner at No. 21, Earl-street, when he came home; Mr. Paull gave him into custody - I asked if he knew any thing of the property he had taken away; he said it would be forthcoming in the morning, and he should not tell me any thing at all about it - his wife gave me the duplicate of the case and movement next morning; he told me his wife had got them.


                  HENRY 
                  ROLLS
               



            . This is the duplicate I gave her.


                  PETER 
                  DIXON
               



            . This is the duplicate I gave her.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in Mr. Paull's employ when he gave me the property; he had not sufficient work for me, and wished me to get other work: the case belonged to a repeater, which he wished me to finish - I was distressed, and pawned them, not intending to rob him, but to save my wife and children from being turned into the street; he said if I would tell him where it was he would not proceed.
MR. PAULL. I did not promise not to prosecute; I told him if he gave me the duplicate that night I would not, but I did not then know he had robbed me of my tools - he was still in my employ; I was paying him wages- I settled with him every Saturday, but he generally drew all his money before; he had 28s. a week, and his tea - I was not in his debt at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
