





643. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUNSDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, one handkerchief, value 1 s., the property of 
                     

                              George 
                              Webb
                           



                        , the Younger




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            , JUN. I live in Prujean-square, Old Bailey. On the 12th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock, I had been at the west-end of the town; and, in coming through Temple-Bar


, on the Temple side, I felt something at my pocket. I turned round, and was called to by a gentleman, who said, that the person crossing the road had got my handkerchief. The prisoner was the person; and I collared him before he got to Shire-lane. I asked him for my handkerchief; he had got it in his hand; I took it from him, and gave him in charge. I did not see any one with him.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am in the Town Clerk's Office. I had been to Somerset House; and in returning through Temple-Bar with a friend, I saw Mr. Webb and a young woman with him; it was on the Strand side. In going through the arch, I saw a handkerchief partly out of his pocket. There were only two persons between Mr. Webb and us. Suspecting them, I watched them, and saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from Mr. Webb's pocket; he was then through the arch. Mr. Webb turned shortly round, and I said to him,
"There is the thief that has got your handkerchief." I did not know what became of his companion, he disappeared. Mr. Webb laid hold of him before he got to Shire-lane, on this side of the Bar. We went as far as Chancery-lane, and delivered him into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable of St. Dunstan's; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house; he did not deny the robbery.
Prisoner's Defence. In going towards Temple-Bar, I saw a person throw away a handkerchief; I picked it up, and the young gentleman came and insisted that I had stolen his handkerchief. I denied ever having taken it from his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
