






708. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, one watch, value 7 l.; one chain, value 2 l. 15 s.; one seal, value 3 s., and one key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Shannon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  SHANNON
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Duke-street, Aldgate. On the 21st of May, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was returning home with my brother; I had occasion to stop at the corner of St. Mary Axe


 - my brother was a few steps before me. I had a gold watch and some money about me; I was going to join my brother when the prisoner Baker darted on me, took my watch from my pocket and ran off; he came from the other side of the way, there was a very strong gas-light - I am confident he is the person - he got my watch and ran away; I immediately pursued, and was crossed by four other men. I called Stop thief! and my brother went in pursuit. I said
"That is him," pointing to Baker, and they all ran, I followed, and in five minutes I found the prisoners in custody - my brother had my watch; the other four came up about four yards off, I immediatelysaid,
"Baker is the man who snatched my watch." I cannot speak to either of the other four who crossed me; they detained me, and prevented my following Baker - it was in Bevis Marks.


                  PHILLIP 
                  SHANNON
               



            . I was coming home with my brother, and was going through Bevis Marks to Duke-street. I heard him cry, Stop! they turned round, passed him, and ran up Castle-street, and came up to him; he said,
"That's him," pointing to Baker - who was running; three or four more were near him, crossing him, which prevented my brother's coming up to him - I pursued Baker, the others were behind me - I came up with him; Stone, the officer, gave him a blow on the neck - he was stopped by a man tripping him up. Jacobs came up and asked him where he had dinged it, Baker said, into the kennel. I saw Jacobs go to the kennel - I pulled him down, and took the watch out of the kennel and gave it to Stone; the other men were taller than, Jacobs - I cannot say if he was one of the four.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. Between nine and ten in the evening, I heard the cry of Stop thief! at the end of Castle-street; I was in the middle of the road and saw Baker running, I struck him, but did not knock him down - he still ran, a person put his foot out and tripped him up; the prosecutor came up, I took him into a shoemaker's shop, and heard a noise in Houndsditch; I went to the door and saw Jacobs in Shannon's custody - he was given to me in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DAVID M'COMBIE. I was with Stone, heard the cry, and saw Baker running - he was secured. I was afraid of a rescue, and drew my cutlas.
BAKER'S Defence. I heard the cry, and ran with the rest, and was tripped up.
JACOBS'S Defence. (written) I was returning home, saw a mob collected, and crossed over - a gentleman laid hold of me.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JACOBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
