





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
32. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  McINTOSH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, 1 watch chain, value 30s.; 2 seals, value 2l. 10s.; 1 key, value 10s., and 2 gold rings, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Langdale
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE LANGDALE. I am a druggist
, and live at Dublin. On the 1st of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in the Old Bailey, near Newgate-street


 - I had not dined, and was perfectly sober; three men came up and jostled me; one of them made a snatch at my seals, which were quite visible; my watch-chain broke - he got the greater part of the chain, and two gold seals, a key, and two gold rings - it was a very sudden pull; they made their escape as fast as they could. I had an opportunity of observing their features, and believe the prisoner to be one of them, and to be the man who snatched the chain, but I will not positively swear to him. I have not seen any of the articles since. I saw the prisoner in custody of two officers within ten minutes.
Q. Had you given any alarm? A. There was no necessity, for there was a crowd about me; I immediately pursued after the three - an officer took the prisoner; I had lost sight of him for ten minutes; I observed a black mark about his eye at the time - it seemed as if he had received a blow in the eye; and when he was taken he had the same mark as the man who snatched my seals.
Prisoner. I had no mark about me. Witness. He had a mark corresponding with the mark I observed on the eye of the man.


                  JOHN 
                  PETERS
               



            . I am a tailor and draper, and live in Newgate-street. I was coming out of Green Arbour-square, Old Bailey, and saw the prisoner and another; they ran against the prosecutor, and shoved him against the wall - I saw the prisoner snatch something from him, and pass it to his companion; there was a third man stood near them; the prisoner and the other man ran away, across Green Arbour-square; I was a very few yards from the prisoner, and am positive of him - I did not join in the pursuit; I did not see him again till he was examined before the Magistrate, two days afterwards; he had then a black mark below his left eye. I swear positively to him.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . I am a patrol of Farringdon Ward. I was coming up Newgate-street, towards the Old Bailey - a person came up to me, and said a gentleman had been robbed. I saw the prisoner dodging about the carts, from one cart to another, as if he was trying to shun me; he appeared to be concealing himself from me, not crossing the street; Wilmer, my partner, came up - I sent him to the prosecutor, hearing he was in the Old Bailey; we apprehended the prisoner - he had another person in his company, whom I ran after, leaving the prisoner in charge of Wilmer, who had taken him; I saw the prosecutor after he was secured; he said, in the prisoner's hearing,"That is the man who robbed me," and gave him in charge - he had a black eye. The prosecutor came up in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after he was taken.


                  HEZEKIAH 
                  WILMER
               



            . I am a patrol. I was at the corner of the Old Bailey; a lad came up, and said a gentleman had been robbed at the corner of Green Arbour-court; I went over to the Star public-house, to the prosecutor, and asked if he should know the persons - I then went to look for them, and saw the prisoner crossing from Giltspur-street up Newgate-street - he was crossing the road from Green Arbour-court; I walked up to him, and said I wanted him - he said, "Very well - I will go with you;" I took him to the Star - the prosecutor said, "That is the man who robbed me - I will swear to him;" the prisoner said nothing.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Cock-lane, on an errand to my sister - the officer came and took me - I said, "What do you want?" they took me to the Star: the prosecutor was leaning on the counter, quite intoxicated - they asked if I was the person, and he shook his head: they took me to the Compter, and found nothing on me.


                  HEZEKIAH 
                  WILMER
               



            . The prosecutor was quite sensible.


                  JOHN 
                  PETERS
               



            . He did not appear to be intoxicated.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . He was not in the least intoxicated.
JURY to JOHN PETERS. Q. Did the prisoner run down Green Arhour-square? A. They ran across it when they snatched the chain; there is a passage into Sea Coal-lane without returning to the Old Bailey; I saw him snatch the seals, and swear he is the man; his left eye was black.
MR. LANGDALE. I am a stranger in town, and cannot say in what direction I pursued; I did not follow more than twenty or thirty yards; I picked up a hat, which I gave a person, whom I then thought was assisting me, but he immediately made a snatch at the remaining part of my chain, and got it. I pursued to the wide part of the Old Bailey; I do not remember now which eye was black - I had not dined, nor drank any thing.
HEZEKIAH WILMER. When I first saw the prisoner he was coming as if from St. Sepulchre's church - he turned at first towards Smithfield, but seeing me crossing he came towards Newgate-street - we asked the prosecutor for a description of the people; I had seen three persons of that description go down the Old Bailey ten minutes before: he said one was dressed like a sailor - the prisoner was so dressed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
