






326. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PROSSER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, a pair of trowsers, value 26 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gilbert
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUNTER
               



            . On the 27th of September, I was shopman to 
               
                  William 
                  Gilbert
               



            , a tailor
, who lives in Shoreditch


. About dusk the prisoner Prosser came to the door, and felt these trowsers, which hung at the door - Edwards was behind him, and in his company. I went towards them, and saw him let go of them, and walk away. I then watched, and saw them go two doors off, they looked round to see if any one was watching. I then saw them plainly, so as to know them again. I returned to the end of the shop - a gentleman came in, and asked if I had lost anything. I then missed the trowsers, and went out, but could not find them; but on returning, found Austin in the shop. They were both taken that night. I am certain of their persons.
Prisoner PROSSER. Q. Did you not say at Worship-street that I asked the price of them - A. No; he went off before I could speak to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . On the 27th of December, I was passing through Shoreditch, and saw two persons looking through Gilbert's window. I watched them, passed on, and in a few minutes the prisoners ran by me, Prosser having the trowsers in his hand. I followed them to Webb-square, where a party of eight or ten joined them. I then turned back, and met Mance and Armstrong, and went with them round a different way; we met Prosser with the trowsers, and secured him. I knew Edwards before, and gave information - he was taken that evening.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Armstrong. Austin gave us information - we went round another way, and in Wheeler-street, saw Prosser coming down, and laid hold of him, and took the trowsers from his arm, tied in a black silk handkerchief, which he said he had taken off his neck, and that he found them in a passage.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Edwards on the same evening, at the White Hart, public-house, Wheeler-street - he said he had not been in Shoreditch since morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PROSSER'S Defence. I saw three young chaps running; they threw something into the passage - I found it was these trowsers. I never saw Edwards.
PROSSER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
