






314. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January

, two spoons, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnstone
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Johnstone
               



            , who lives in Tavistock-row, Covent Garden



. On Thursday last, before seven o'clock in the morning, Darch and another sweep
 rang the bell, I opened the door and said,
"Is this Fountain?" Darch said Fountain was gone to Barnet, and he was come to sweep the chimney. I shewed him down stairs, drew them some beer, and went into my own room while they swept the chimney. Two silver tea-spoons were with the tea things, but before they had done I returned into the kitchen. Darch asked for the money. I told him to call again for it, and let them out, and about eight o'clock the servant missed the spoons - in about a quarter of an hour Darch came for the money. I told him to deliver up the tea-spoons - he denied knowing any thing of it. I told him to wait a moment. I turned round - he opened the door and ran out, and I after him. I secured him in a court which had no thoroughfare - the constable asked where the spoons were - be denied it, and then said he had given them to another sweep named Darby, and wrote on a paper
"No. 7, Lilly-street, Saffron-hill." We went and found Darby at a shoemaker's shop, and asked if he knew a sweep named Darch - he took us to Jacob's-court, up two pair of stairs, the constable asked for the property Darch gave him - he then took us to Turnmill-street, and said
"You are pretty near the spoons now," and in White-horse-court, he took and pushed some dirt away from the wall and pointed them out,


                  JOSEPH 
                  CHAMPION
               



            . I am a constable, and confirm this statement.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DARCH'S Defence. The other boy was looking for some broken victuals and found them. I told them the boy said he left them at Darby's.
DARBY'S Defence. I was in bed when one of them came up, and asked me to mind them.
DARCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DARBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
            , and 



               Publicly Whipped
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
