





490. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 31st of January
, a gallon of brandy, value 26 s.; twogallons of rum, value 32 s.; fifteen bottles, value 2 s., and a hamper, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Marmaduke 
                  Thompson
               




            .


                  JOSHUA 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. On the 31st of January I was coming down Norton Falgate


 about half-past eleven o'clock in the forenoon, and saw a coal waggon going along - I saw the prisoner and two others with him, one of whom went to the waggon and finished untying the rope which he had begun to untie before - he took off the hamper and crossed over to White Lion-street with it - the prisoner followed him - the prisoner might be about twenty yards from the waggon - I went and told the carman of it; we then came back and found the prisoner carrying the hamper before him. Beavis came up and took him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I took the prisoner who was carrying the hamper - that was the first I saw - I saw the carman with his whip up going to strike the him, and took him to Worship-street.


                  CHARLES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a servant to Marmaduke Thompson, he is a coal-merchant
. I had a hamper in his waggon, tied behind; I was going to take it to master's house at Southgate - I was told it was taken by Hobbs - I went up White Lion-street, and saw the prisoner with the hamper - I hit him with the whip - he turned round and put it down at my toes.


                  ANDREW 
                  RICHHOUSE
               



            . I had put two gallons of rum, and one of brandy into this hamper - it was Mr. Thompson's property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the street and saw two men, who asked me to carry this hamper - I had not got far before I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
