





1165. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 58 printed bound books, value 12l. 16s. 8d., and 86 pamphlets, value 2l. 19s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Bonsor
                        



                     
                   and others, his masters, in their dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sherwood
                  



               
             and others.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWYER
               



            . I am in the employ of Joseph Bonsor, one of the assignees to the estate of Sherwood and Co., booksellers - there are three assignees; they have been bankrupts about fourteen months - the books belonging to the estate were at No. 21, Paternoster-row


. On the 20th of May, I was sent for by Mr. Sherwood, who carries on business at No. 23, Paternoster-row - I saw him, and Mr. Ibbett; Mr. Sherwood gave me information, and I saw two bound books in Ibbett's possession at Mr. Sherwood's - they were "Neal's Views of Gentlemen's Seats;" they were in a wrapper, and had on it the writing of one of the partners of our house - I had been in the employ of the bankrupts; the prisoner was in the employ of the assignees - none of the assigeees resided on the premises; I believe these books to be part of their stock - I then went to Ibbett's, Maidenhead-court, Aldersgate-street, and saw some other books, which I have no doubt belong to the estate; the prisoner had been nearly three months in the assignees' employ, and could take the books one by one - I found thirty-seven parts of "
               
                  Percy 
                  Anecdotes
               



            ," and five volumes of "Platt's Chronological Biography," bound, which I believe to be part of the stock; Ibbett is a dealer in books; I received a description of the person who brought them - I took him to our counting-house, called the prisoner, and charged him with it; he said he was sorry for it, and would have them restored-the works were worth 13l; I gave him in charge, and asked where he lodged - he said, in Blackhorse-court, London-wall: I went there with the constable, and found a large quantity of books, which I believe to belong to the estate, and are worth 3l. - I had asked if he had any there - he said he had only "Hawker's Commentary;" I did not find that there.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. You lived at Sherwood's before the bankruptcy? A. Yes; the stock was very extensive - I frequently went over the catalogues, and knew what the stock consisted of; these works are to be had at low prices, except a set of "Neal's Seats," which are 10l. a set - I had not missed these; I called the prisoner into the counting-house, where the constable and Ibbett were; I do not think he knew the constable was present - I said he had been taking books, and I should be obliged to give him in charge; I did not say unless he gave an account of them, I would give him in charge; he said, "I am very sorry, Sir, I will have the books restored:" I can swear to one of these books - it is the two volumes of "Mavor's Greece" - it stood in a glass case opposite my desk, by which I noticed it: I told the Alderman I could not positively swear to the books - the reason was I had not then examined them, and had not seen this individual book.
COURT. Q. Have you examined them since? A. Yes; they are such books as were in the stock, but I can only identify two volumes - the stock is very extensive, and not yet properly arranged.
ROBERT IBBETT. I am a bookseller, and live in Maidenhead-court, Aldersgate-street. On Monday, the 18th of May, the prisoner came to me with "Platt's Biography," in five volumes, for which I gave him 10s., it being an imperfect copy; I had before bought some small books of him, at about 2s. 6d. each - he stated himself to be a bookbinder; on the 20th of May, he called again with a copy of "Neal's Views," in ten volumes - he stated that he had more books at home, among which were thirty-seven parts of the " Percy Anecdotes" - he left "Neal's Views" in my possession, and went to fetch them; in the interim, having suspicion, I went to Sherwood, the publisher: the ten volumes are published at 25l.: I saw Mr. Sherwood, and related what had passed - they sent for Bowyer, who came to my house with me; I showed him what the prisoner had brought, and found the "
               
                  Percy 
                  Anecdotes
               



            " had been left in my absence - he had asked 35s. for "Neal's Views;" I afterwards went to Sherwood's premises, and saw the prisoner; I was quite certain of him; the constable was there, I believe; the conversation Bowyer has stated passed, and he was given in charge.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know whether the constable was there? A. I believe he was, but I did not notice him; I never knew "Neal's Views" sold at such a price, or near it; there are seventy-two plates, executed by the best masters - I never knewa book published so high sold for 35s. - there are books with 1l. printed on the label, sold for 10s.
HENRY HONEY. I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner - I did not distinctly hear what passed; the books were given to me - I went to his lodging, and found more.
Cross-examined. Q. You were present in the counting-house? A. Yes: we were all together.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
