





13. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 1 cloak, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roberts
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Alfred 
                           Roberts
                        



.
PHILIP CASENOVE. I am a stock-broker. On the 13th of November, about two o'clock in the day, I met the prisoner coming down the stairs of our office in Broad-street, with a cloak under his arm, rolled up: the stairs lead to several offices - he was walking with a little boy in his hand; I asked what he wanted there - he said he had brought the boy to a gentleman there, whom he could not find: I asked whose boy it was, and why he brought him there; he saidhe had him in charge from another gentleman, who he did not know - I asked the boy if that was the case; he said No, that he knew nothing of the prisoner - that he was going to school by way of Houndsditch, and the prisoner had invited him away, promising him a bird if he would come with him, and that the birds were to be caught with the cloak which the boy had on; the prisoner heard most of this - I said that was a very bad account, and gave him in charge: he had the cloak under his arm.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Where did this conservation take place? A.Partly in the street, and partly on the stairs; he must have heard it, but as several persons were talking he might not hear the whole - he got into the street before I stopped him: I saw him first on the stairs, walking quietly, not attempting to escape.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a surgeon, and live in Finsbury-circus. I sent my son out about two o'clock, with a cloak on - my attention was called to this between four and five o'clock - he is between six and seven years old, and has been instructed in his religious duties.


                  ALFRED 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was going to school in Devonshire-street, to Mr. Cutler's - the prisoner came and asked if I would have a live bird - I said Yes; he took hold of my hand, took me to No. 7, Old Broad-street, and said he must have my cloak to catch them - he took it off my shoulder up stairs in the house; I was coming down when I met Mr. Casenove; he had wrapped the cloak up under his arm - I believe he folded it up up stairs; I had never seen him before - I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is your school from home? A.About half a quarter of a mile; I go alone - he wrapped the cloak up before he got into the street; I met Mr. Casenove first in the street - I did not see him on the stairs; the prisoner never tried to run away.
MR. CASENOVE. I first met the prisoner on the stairs; part of the conversation was on the stairs - I followed him into the street, where the rest of the conversation took place- I first saw him at the bottom of the stairs, just as he was going out; he was on the stairs, and I was not - he had hold of the child's hand.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then the child must have heard you addressing the prisoner on the stairs? A. Yes - it was not in the street he first saw me; the child is mistaken about that - when I met him he was on the bottom stair, which comes into a small passage leading to the street.
GEORGE MORGAN. I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and asked his name, which he would not tell me, saying he did not wish his friends to know any thing about it, and he cried.
Prisoner's Defence. There was no conversation in the house with the gentleman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
