





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
818. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, a coat, value 30 s.; two pairs of trowsers, value 1 l.; two waistcoats, value 8 s., and a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Isaac Bentley
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Cow-cross-street, St. Sepulchre-without


, and am a cabinet-maker
; I lodge in the back attic - I took the room of one Hooper, but 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bentley
               



             is the landlord, and lives in the house. On Saturday, the 6th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I went out and did not lock my door. I had a chest of drawers in my room, which were not locked. I returned between eight and nine o'clock at night; and between eleven and twelve, when I went to bed, on opening the lower drawer I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I had seen safe on the Wednesday or Thursday previous. I saw part of them again on the Monday following at a pawnbroker's. The whole are worth above 3 l.


                  JAMES 
                  LEACH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Sowerby, pawnbroker, Chiswell-street, Finsbury. I have a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, which were pawned by Lucy Allen, on Saturday, the 6th of March, about two o'clock, for 25 s. - she came again on Monday, and had 5 s. more on them.


                  LUCY 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I live in Reynold's-court, and am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Allen
               



            . I have seen the prisoner three or four times; on Saturday afternoon, the 6th of March, she came into my room for something I had to wash for her, and enquired for Mrs. Sims, and asked me to pawn these things for her, as she knew a young man who was in trouble, and wanted to make up some money for him - I took them from her, believing them to belong to the young man she lived with. I pawned the same articles she gave me without opening the bundle, for 25 s.; she stopped in my room while I went, and when I returned I gave her the money. Before I took the things I saw her put a pair of trowsers on a chair in my room, and she left them there, and on the Tuesday they were claimed, and I gave them to the officer. On Monday morning, in consequence of a message from the prisoner I got 5 s. more upon the clothes; I sent to her to say I wished to speak to her, but did not see her.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 10th of March I received the prisoner in charge. Allen gave me the trowsers. I told the prisoner what she was charged with, and do not think that she made any answer.
(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Fleet-market - a young man followed me, and asked me to go to a house with him; being an unfortunate girl I went, and he gave me the bundle as my compliment to hold till he returned; he did not come back, and I asked the witness to pawn them, but did not send her for the 5 s. afterwards.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
