





Before Lord 
               
                  Chief 
                  Baron Alexander
               



            .
506. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte Elizabeth 
                           Bean
                        




                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 22d of January
, and stealing two glass lustres, value 4 l.
             her property.


                  HANNAH 
                  DIMKS
               



            . I am servant to Miss 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Elizabeth Bean
               



            , who lives at No. 3, Fitzroy-street


. On the 22d of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, I found the parlour window open. I shut it down, and shut the shutters - in a quarter of an hour I went into the room again and missed two lustres from the mantle-piece. I was in the room at ten o'clock in the morning; the window was shut then.


                  DANIEL 
                  CLEWLEY
               



            . On the 22d of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw two men standing in the carriage-way in Fitzroy-square, wrapping something in a white cloth. I went up, and one ran away - it was quite dark; the other dared me with a shout - I tried to take hold of him, but he ran away, and threw the things over a wooden paling. I did not see what it was, but it rattled like plate, as I thought. I followed him, calling Stop thief! to the end of Carburton-street; he then came back. I waited till he came up to me - we made a blow at each other; I then followed him across the street, knocked him down, and nearly fell myself, and on recovering, saw him in the hands of the watchman. I left, and cannot say whether it was the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I was in the Nelson public-house, at the corner of Carburton-street, on the 22d of January, about half-past six o'clock, and heard a cry of Stop thief! Iran out, and saw the prisoner knocked down - I laid hold of him, and gave him to the watchman. I am sure of him.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . I am watchman of Carburton-street. On this night, as I was calling half-past six o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running on the other side of the way. I put my lantern down to stop him - he turned round sharp, and ran towards Clewley - they met, and he fell down. Simpson took hold of him; I came up and took him.
JOHN WHALES. I am a constable. I heard an alarm at the end of the street - the watchman was holding the prisoner. I took him into a shop, and searched him, and in his pocket found the brass nozzle of a lustre, and four cut glass drops - a watchman of the square gave me four more drops; and after taking the prisoner from the office to the watch-house, between nine and ten o'clock at night, in a passage which goes through the square, I found this lustre - the brass nozzle corresponds with it, and belongs to the fellow one.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. On the 22d of January, about seven o'clock, another lustre and drops were brought in by a watchman, wrapped in a white apron; and from the spot where he said he had picked it up in Fitzroy-square, I traced drops all the way, to within a few yards of the prosecutrix's house - this was between six and seven o'clock in the morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the square, saw two men kick the nozzle, and found the drops and picked them up.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only; and not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
