





1201. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     PENNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, two coats, value 1 l.; one pair of breeches, value 10 s.; one pair of gaiters, value 2 s., and one pair of trowsers, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emanuel 
                           Goodhart
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Emanuel 
                  Goodhart
               



            , a sugar refiner
, who lived at this time at Bromley


. On the 15th of August, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, he went to town. His clothes were kept in the wardrobe on a shelf, in the closet - I had not seen them for some weeks. The other servants have nothing to do with them. The street door is sometimes open. Between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was going towards the dressing room, where I had been three hours before - I opened the door and saw somebody going from the dressing room into the water closet; I opened the door, and found the prisoner there - I seized his arm, and asked what brought him there; he said he had lemons to sell - I said it was a curious place to come to sell lemons. I found my master's clothes lying on the dressing room by the closet door, that they were kept in. They consisted of the articles stated in the indictment - they were loose just as they were taken off the shelf. He said he did not know how they came there, and begged to be let go, saying it was the first time he had done such a thing. They were not lying there when I was in the room before, and the closet door was shut, but I found it open.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. You cannot swear he took them out of the press - A. No. We have five servants and a groom.
COURT. Q. Were the coats good - A. Yes. They are worth more than 40 s. I am certain - I am not a good judge,but I think them worth 4 l. I found them lying down on his basket of lemons, as if they were thrown down on it. The dressing room is on the ground floor.
Prisoner's Defence. Two or three things which he says are false. I was hawking lemons - I went to this house, and asked if they wanted any, nobody answered - I thought I saw some one go in at this door, so I went in to ask, and this man opened the door, and said I wanted to rob the house.
GUILTY, Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
