






608. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STONE
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SUTHMER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 night-gown, value 2s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 1 quartern of flour, value 8d.; 3 caps, value 1s. 6d., and 1 frill, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Newman
               




            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am the wife of Patrick Newman. I had this property in a bundle, on the 26th of January, about half-past twelve o'clock, and was going down Fish-street-hill; I saw the two prisoners - one was behind me, the other before me; Stone stooped down, and picked up a ring; I cried, "Halves!" he said, "Did you see me pick up the ring?" I said Yes; he said, "You shall have it for 2s.:" I said, "I don't know the value of it, but I will give you 1s. 6d.," Suthmer then came up, and said, "I saw you pick it up;" he said, "I will stand a drop of gin for you." I went on with them to the Minories


, and took a shawl out of my bundle to pawn it; to give them 1s. 6d.; they said, "We will go, and have a pint of beer in that house:" I said, "Take my bundle in with you, while I go into the pawnbroker's;" they took the bundle, and ran away - it contained all the articles stated in the indictment.


                  JAMES 
                  LAVER
               



            . I was at work, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I came down a ladder, and saw the prisoners running; I pursued, and saw them stopped; Stone had the bundle - it was delivered to me; I assisted in taking them to the office.(Property produced and sworn to.)
STONE'S Defence. I picked up a ring; the prosecutrix came up, and said she had a right to have half; I said atfirst I had picked up nothing; but she said she saw me pick it up, and tap two ladies on the shoulder; she afterwards said she would leave the bundle with me till she returned with the money; and, finding she did not come with the ring or the money, we went off with the bundle.
SUTHMER'S Defence. I was going along, and this lady tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "That young man has picked up a ring;" I said, "Why don't you have some of it;" she said "Shall I cry halves?" I said, "As you like;" she said to him, "You have picked up a ring;" he said, Yes; I said, "I am entitled to a part of it:" he said, "I will give you a drop of gin for your's;" that is all I know.
STONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SUTHMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
