





68. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RYDER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, a shawl, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bowtell
                     



                  , from the person of Mary, his wife
            .


                  MARY 
                  BOWTELL
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Bowtell, and live at No. 14, Fitzroy-place; he is a clerk
 at Clement's-Inn. On the 12th of November, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening. I was returning from Piccadilly. I was alone, and the shawl was about my neck; a man came suddenly behind me at the corner of Greek-street


, and snatched it off; he ran before me. I called, Stop thief! and ran as fast I could, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped by the patrole and watchman - they brought him back to me; and I said, "That is the man who robbed me of my shawl;" he had taken it from his coat, and given it to the watchman. I claimed it immediately.
Prisoner. When I met this woman, she asked me to do her the favour to give her a glass of gin. - Witness. I never put any such question to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUMMINS
               



            . I am a watchman; my stand is at the corner of Market-street. I heard the prosecutrix cry Stop thief! I looked up Grafton-street, and saw the prisoner running towards there; she was running after him. I caught him by the corner of Hayes-court; he said, "What are you going to do with me?" I said, "You are the man who has robbed the woman;" he put his hand into his bosom and gave me the shawl; she came up and claimed it directly.
Prisoner. Q. Did not she desire you to let me go? - A No; she insisted upon your going to the watch-house - a wet gown was found in his hat.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WINDSOR
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house on this charge; a bit of tape hung out of his hat which we took off, and there was a gown and a piece of linen in it; he said, he kept the woman, and that they were his property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. All that has been said is false. I found the bundle in the street. I met this woman and another drunk; she came and asked me to give her a glass of gin, and said she would leave her friend; she came my way, and asked me again for some gin - when I met the watchman, he stopped me, and the woman came up and claimed the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
