





Before Mr. Justice Park.
369. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BLOOMFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, four books, value 43 s., and twenty sheets of printed music, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilton
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a watchman of St. George the Martyr, Bloomsbury. The prosecutor lives in Gray's Inn-passage


; and is a bookseller
. On the 7th of February, between seven and eight o'clock at night, I was going down Red Lion-street, and as I came to Gray's Inn-passage, I saw four persons whom I suspected; I watched them for about half an hour. I came down Gray's Inn-passage, and saw all four standing against Wilson's window; I went round Bedford-street way, looked round the passage, and saw one of them come out with this bundle of books under his arm - as soon as he came to the end of the passage, the prisoner received them from him, and then went down Red Lion-street. I pursued him till he came to the corner of Bedford-street, and then collared him; he dropped them, and resisted. I held up my umbrella, and said I would knock him down - I picked them up, and took him to the watch-house with them.


                  JOHN 
                  WILTON
               



            . I am a bookseller, and rent a house in Gray's Inn-passage. These books are mine; and are worth 47 s. - here are two copies of Parkhursts Greek Lexicon; the rest are unbound. I had seen them about quarter of an hour before they were taken, on a stool inside the shop, the door was open. They could not be taken without coming into the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and stood at the end of the passage to hear a woman singing, and as I was moving away, a young man came and said,
"Have the goodness to lay hold of this for a moment;" I said, Yes. A person came up and laid hold of me - I turned round, and they fell - he said I had stolen the books, I said it was false, there is the person who gave them to me, why not take him - he said, No, I have got you, that is enough.


                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            . He did point a man out, but I could not take him. The prisoner I am certain was one of the four persons.
GUILTY. Aged 36.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
