





1665. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MOON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Brignall
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Emma 
                        Brignall
                     



.
GEORGE BRIGNALL. I live in Upper Thames-street - my daughter Emma is eighteen months old. On the 11thof September, a man came to me while I was at work, and said my child was robbed - I ran to St. Andrew's-hill and found the prisoner in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLLAND
               



            . I was in Earl-street


, and saw the prisoner and another young man together. I saw this little girl with the child in her arms, standing opposite; I heard her call Stop thief! I turned round and saw the prisoner running up St. Andrew's-hill - he turned up a court; I lost sight of him, but saw an officer bringing him back in ten minutes, and am sure he is the same boy.


                  JOHN 
                  HOOD
               



            . I am a baker, and live on St. Andrew's-hill. I found the beads in my shop, which the prisoner ran by; and gave them to the constable - I did not see him pass myself.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I am a beadle. The prisoner was given into my custody by Hood; I heard a cry of Stop thief! as I stood at the corner of Bristow-street, and finding the prisoner had run round the court, I went round and caught him in the middle of Break-neck-steps.


                  ELIZA 
                  CORBETT
               



            . I live with Mr. Brignall, and had the care of his child. I had been down the steps of Blackfriars'-bridge with her; I saw the prisoner and another down there, and came away, leaving them there, and when I got into Earl-street, a how came flying before me - I picked it up, and wondered where it came from; another man in a brown coat said "You may have it if you like;" I said "Very well;" I walked on a step or two, and the other one said it was worth 1d.; I said it was, and just as he said the word, the prisoner came round the side of me, and took the necklace off the child's neck; I looked round and saw the shade of it - he turned round, and ran across the road; I hallooed Stop thief! and ran after him - I am quite certain he is the boy who took it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the street, and ran across the road, they called Stop thief! I turned up a court and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
