





998. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  LEAREY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 1 till, value 6d; 10 shillings, and 9 sixpences
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Newcomb
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  AMELIA NEWCOMB
               



            . I live with my father, who keeps a milk shop
 in King-street, Golden-square


. On the 8th of May, about a quarter past one o'clock, I heard a noise in the shop while I was in the room adjoining; I looked and saw the prisoner with the till in his hand - he was not then behind the counter - he set the till on the counter and ran away; I saw him again that afternoon, and am quite sure of his person, as I took such particular notice of him; I had not seen him before.
JOHN NEWCOMB. My daughter alarmed me: I came down and saw the prisoner just going out of the door - he ran as fast as he could; I followed and took him - I lost sight of him as he turned the corners of two or three streets - I am quite sure he is the person - there were no others running; I had been at my till half an hour before; I cannot say what was gone from it.
COURT. Q. Did you lose sight of him for a minute? A. No; not for half a minute; I noticed he had a hairy cap on when he went out, and no one in the street had one on but him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the alarm of Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner running, and the prosecutor after him - the prisoner had a cap on, and ran into a public-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANCIS MORGAN
               



            . I was going along Carnaby-street. I heard the cry Stop thief! and saw the prisoner run into a public-house - another little boy went to him, and he gave him something in a handkerchief, but I cannot say what; I told the officer.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor came up to me in a croud - a woman said that is not the boy; I had come out of a public-house, and seeing a crowd went up to it, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
