






494. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MUNT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 107 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, and fixed to a building of his
            .
MR. 
               
                  AUGUSTUS 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am nephew of Mr. H. Wyatt, who is executor to my late father's estate. This building is situated in Langham-place, Marylebone


 - I live in the adjoining house. On Saturday evening, the 26th of February, about half-past ten o'clock, Chapman, the watchman, informed me that some lead was thrown off the ledge of the house. I instantly went to the house with my servant and the watchman, and on the first-floor dining-room, I found the prisoner, Davis, hid in the chimney-place. Chapman secured him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. On Saturday, the 26th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I observed some dirt on the palisades of Mr. Wyatt's new house. I called Hollingsworth to watch while I informed Mr. Wyatt. He was not up, but sent word for me to go in and search. I did so, and on the third story I found Munt in a corner of the front room - there was a crow-bar by his side, bent. He advanced towards me, and I took him down to Hollingsworth. He said he came there to ease himself. I took him to the watch-house - returned to the house and searched the premises. I found no person but Munt there then. Davis was found in the same house in the evening.
Q. When you searched the house after you took Munt, what did you find - A. I found three pieces of lead packed up, fresh cut. They laid on the top of the ledge, and weighed about 30 lbs.
Prisoner MUNT. Q. Did I not say I came to sweep the chimney - A. No; he was not dressed like a chimney. sweeper.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I found Munt at the watch-house with the lead. I afterwards compared it with the building - three pieces of it fitted exactly.
MUNT'S Defence. I was going to Paddington, two men, dressed like bricklayers, came over the railing, and asked me to go and do the chimnies. They sent me up to look at them, and said they would settle with me. The gentleman came up and found me there.
The Court directed the Jury to acquit the prisoner, Davis, as the case formed two separate offences.
MUNT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DAVIS - 


               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
