






416. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  RYAN
               




             and 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  MAHONEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 24lbs. weight of raisins, value 30s., and 1 box, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Levy
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Salmon
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was in Oxford-street, about six o'clock in the evening of the 7th of January, and saw the prisoners, in company with another, who is not here; I watched them, and saw the one who is not here go on the right-hand side of the street with Ryan, and Mahoney on the left, by himself: they were following a covered cart - they walked a considerable distance, then turned back, joined together, and went to Rathbone-place, and down to Tottenham-court-road; they there divided again - Mahoney walked on the left side, Ryan and the other on the right - I followed them till they came near Whitfield's chapel, then Ryan and the other crossed, and all joined together - Ryan then left them, and went up behind Levy and Salmon's cart - the other two were walking on the pavement, six or seven steps from the cart - it was a large cart, with one horse - Ryan climbed up at the back of the cart, leaned part of his body into the cart, under the tarpauling that was over it, and brought out this box on his shoulder - he came over to the side where I was, with it on his shoulder; the others were on the other side - I took out my staff, and caught hold of him - he threw the box on my hand, and broke my hold of him - I struck at him with my staff - he ran off, and I after him, about seventy or seventy-two paces - I did not lose sight of him; I called Stop thief! seized him again, took him into a grocer's shop, and secured him - Mahoney was taken the same night, after I had been to Marlborough-street - I knew them well before.
Q. How long might this occupy, from the time you first saw them? A. About an hour - I can safely say they were in company.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Mahoney touch the cart? A. He did not - he was on the curb - I know Birchell, an officer - I did not tell him I did not know Mahoney; I went into a public-house, with four other officers afterwards; I did not ask Mahoney his name there - he was brought down stairs at the public-house by one of the night officers.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was with Whittingham, and saw what he has stated. I saw Ryan take the box out of the cart; I knew the parties before; the others were on the opposite side, near the cart, and seemed to be looking out, to see if anybody was watching them.
Cross-examined by MR. A. PHILLIPS. Q. It was dark? A. Yes; I believe Mahoney crossed the cart, and looked in once - that was some time before the box was taken - he was about six yards from the cart then; I deal in earthenware, and live in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
JAMES NASH. I was driving Messrs. David Levy and John Salmon's cart; they live in Oxford-street; there was a good tarpauling over the cart, and it was tied securely up - this box was near the tail - I missed it in Tottenham-court-road, where my attention was called to it - it contains raisins.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MAHONEY's Defence. When the officer came into the room where I was, he did not know me - he had said before, that he would swear to me a mile off - I am innocent.
RYAN's Defence. Mahoney was not with me.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
MAHONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
