






Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
1363. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TIMSON
               



             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  MACK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 300 yards of calico, value 7l. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Venables
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Venables
                     



                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  NORRISH
               



            . On Sunday morning, the 8th of June, at half-past eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner Mack and a man go into Mr Venables' shop; the door was a little open; I crossed Whitechapel


, and watched; I saw them come out in two or three minutes, and both had some white linen on their shoulders; they went up the second yard from the house; I saw Timson go up, and take the linen from Mack, and all three ran off with it - Timson had been standing against a post, about three yards from the shop, when the other two went in; I went in, and told the shopman - they had as much linen as they could carry.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were there not many persons passing? A. Yes; I saw them in custody on the Saturday following; I am a clerk to Mark and Co., of Mincing-lane; they were not above five minutes in my sight - I did not see Timson till they had gone into the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VENABLES
               



            . I am a linen-draper

, in partnership with my brother Thomas; we live in Whitechapel, and both occupy the house. On Sunday morning, the 8th of June, Norrish gave me information; I missed at least three hundred yards of calico, which I had seen safe the day before.
Cross-examined. Q. Cannot you say what you lost? A. Not how many pieces, as there were a great many small pieces; we guess the quantity.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STALL
               



            . On the 8th of June I had been to Bow-common with my father, and on returning I sat down on Venables' step to rest, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning; the two prisoners came up and told me to get up - another man was with them - I got up, and walked away; I then watched, and saw the two at the bar go into the shop; they came out in two minutes with the linen - the other man stopped outside while they went in - he went away with them; I am certain of both the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. The two who came out carried the linen away? A. Yes. I was once taken up for a row, and held to bail; I was never charged with felony.
COURT. Q. When they desired you to go away, how far did you go? A. Five or six doors off; I went and told my parents of it, and my father sent Mr. Venables a letter - nobody was with me.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not say another boy was sitting at the door with you? A. There was another boy walking about outside, but not with me - that boy was brought before the Magistrate, and he was said to be a reputed thief; he told the Magistrate he knew the prisoners by sight - he did not say he had been taking a walk with me; they would not take his eveidence; I do not know his name - I have seen him about; I never was in his company.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 12th of June I apprehended Mack in Whitechapel; she denied the charge.
Cross-examined. Q. do you remember the last witness? A. Yes; I apprehended him, having information that he was on the spot at the time; another boy, named Hayes, was produced before the Magistrate; I have seen him and Stall together: he said Hayes and him were together at the door, and he said Johnny Hayes was outside, and had seen it as well as him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I apprehended Timson on the 12th of June; he denied having been in Whitechapel.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 8th of June I saw two men loaded with linen, and a woman walking behind; they passed my door, which is about 130 yards from Venables' - I do not know who they were.
TIMSONS' Defence. I was in bed till eight o'clock that morning, and then walked to Hackney-road.
MACK - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TIMSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
