





1061. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, three sheets, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bowlen
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BOWLEN
               



            . I keep the Sir George Osborne, public-house, Princes-street




. The prisoner lived seven weeks with me, when she left I missed three sheets. She was apprehended three days after.


                  EDMUND 
                  GREEN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at the prosecutor's back door. As I was taking her to the office she put the duplicates of the sheets in her month. I took them out.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY DAVIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Law, pawnbroker, Church-lane. On the 2d of September a sheet was pawned for 4 s., in the name of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Wilson
               



            , John-street. I believe the prisoner to be the person.


                  JOHN 
                  KELLINGSWORTH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brick-lane. The prisoner pawned a sheet with me on the 23d of August.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitechapel. On the 2d of September the prisoner pawned a sheet with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I wanted some money to prevent a friend going to prison, I could get none of Mr. Bowlen, and his wife told me to pawn these things. His house is a resort for thieves and bad people, he stops up till four or five o'clock to receive thieves and their goods. I intended to have his licence taken away, and he does this to prevent me. The second night I was there three young fellows came in with a box of jewellery and went up to bed. He has a back door for them to escape out of.


                  JAMES 
                  BOWLEN
               



            . She did not say my wife gave her them to pledge when she was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . She said nothing of the kind. The house is very respectable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
