





844. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 11 pairs of trousers, value 2l. 18s., and 10 waistcoats, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Taylon 
                           Jackson
                        



                     
                   and others, his masters
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jackson
                  



               
             and others.


                  RICHARD 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, of Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 7th of March, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought a pair of new cord trousers and a new waistcoat to pawn - I asked his name and residence; he said he lived in Peter-street, Spitalfields - I knew there was no such street; I then asked him whose the property was - he said it was his mother's, and then that it was his own; I told my principal - he sent for an officer, who found a pair of fustain trousers in his hat; I had seen the prisoner on the 23d of January, when he pawned a pair of trousers and a waistcoat - these are the articles he brought first, and these are what he brought last.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I was sent for to Mr. Attenborough's, and found the prisoner there - I found these trousers in his hat, and sent Brown out to make some inquiries.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge with these trousers - I went to a house in Plummer's-row, where I knew he lived, and found these linings; I found a woman there - she came to the office afterwards, and begged of me to let her see her husband; when she saw him, she said, "William, what have you beendoing, and what is this all about?" he said, "I don't know what could possess me, but it all belonged to my master; I am sorry for what I have done, he has been a good master to me."
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where was this? A. In the yard of the office - the property was in my possession, but had not then been shewn to him; he said that the trousers which were taken from his hat were part of his master's property.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Jackson; the prisoner had been with him seven or eight years. On the Monday after he was taken I went to see him at Clerkenwell - I asked how he could rob his master, who had been so kind to him; he asked if Mr. Jackson held out any promise to him - I said I had no authority to say so; I asked how he got the things out of the house - he said on his person; the trousers under his own trousers, and the waistcoats in his pocket; that he took the things home, and put them into the cupboard: his wife knew nothing about them - and when he went to his meals he took and pawned them at different times; I asked him where - he denied taking them to any other shop but Mr. Attenborough's, and said he had burnt the duplicates.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you give him any encouragement yourself? A. I said he had better speak the truth.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLON JACKSON
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street


. My father, 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson
               



            , and Mrs. 
               
                  Betty 
                  Holroyd
               



            , are in partnership with me; we are slopseller

s. in rather an extensive business; the prisoner came to us as errand-boy and then as porter
 - his mother worked for us; he used to come, and being in want of assistance, we took him - his wages in March, were 20s. a week; these trousers are our manufacture, and are new; he had no authority to take them.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know them? A. By the cutter's mark on them; I believe there is no other house that marks them in the same place.


                  CHARLES 
                  STILL
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker, in Union-street. I have three pairs of trousers and a waistcoat - I have no recollection who pawned them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby, pawnbroker, of Brick-lane. I have three pairs of trousers and a waistcoat pawned in different names and at different times - I cannot swear to the prisoner's pawning these; I know he has come to the shop, and I believe he pawned them.
COURT. Q. How came you to take them in in different names? A. I did not write the duplicates, but I was in the shop.
Four witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
