






784. 
               
                  
                     FANNY 
                     STOKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 1 pair of silk stockings, value 6s.; 6 pairs of gloves, value 9s.; 1 steel pen, value 1s.; 1 dozen of boot-laces, value 9d., and 2 dozen of other laces, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wagner
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  WAGNER
               



            . I am in partner
ship with 
               
                  William 
                  Chapman
               



             - the prisoner was in our service. I sent for an officer on the 26th of February, and this pair of silk stockings was found in a box, which she acknowledged to be hers; I asked her where she got them - she said she purchased them at a shop in Oxford-street; I said, "That will not do for me, are the initials of your predecessors on them?" she then said she bought them of a young man in the shop.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROADS
               



            . I am a constable. These articles were all found in the prisoner's box - they all appear to be new; these stockiongs were among them; the prisoner said at first that she bought them in Oxford-street: Mr. Wagner said they had belonged to Jenner and Soppet, their predecessors; the prisoner then said she had forgot herself, for she had bought them of a young man in the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERT CUFFLEY
               



            . I was present, and saw the stockings and other things found in the prisoner's box - she first said she bought them in Oxford-street, and then she said she gave 8s. 6d. for them to a young man in the shop; I remarked, that if she had bought them in the shop, she would have got them for 6s., for that was the price marked upon them.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought two pairs of stockings of a young man in the shop, one Saturday evening, and paid 13s. for them; I was not present at the time my box was searched - my things were all out upon the bed when I first saw them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
