






Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury,
1748. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  HOOKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, two gowns, value 5 s.; four petticoats, value 6 s.; two aprons, value 1 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; three shifts, value 3 s.; a shawl, value 1 s.; four caps, value 1 s.; a pair of stockings, value 1 s.; a pair of shoes, value 2 s.; a pair of stays, value 1 s.; a Bible, value 2 s., and a bonnet, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Holinden
               



            , widow
; and a shawl, value 1 s. the goods of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Brown
               



            .
MARY ANN BROWN. The prisoner was an inmate of the Guardian Society's house




. She left on the 19th of September, with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Wood
               



             (see page 636); on the following morning I missed my shawl from the mangling room, which was generally kept locked for the use of the laundry maid - I afterwards saw my shawl at the office on Wood's neck.


                  JAMES 
                  WAYLING
               



            . I took the prisoner on Friday evening last - she was brought to me by Matthews, after the trial of Wood. I asked her what had become of the rest of the property - she told me of several places where they were pawned or sold - I told her Wood had been convicted. and she cried.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am matron of the Guardian Society's house. I missed four petticoats and two aprons on Tuesday morning, the day after the prisoner and Wood went away. I saw the prisoner after Wood's trial, and told her Wood had been tried, and I hoped she would be punished too; she cried and said she did not care what became of her - I told her any thing was better than being in the street - she then said she had been to the bottom of the garden with Wood, and had taken the two outfits (as we call them) and thrown them over the wall to Wood, who had got over by means of the laundry steps - they were tied up separately but one person might have taken them both - I am certain this Bible was in the house on the Monday at five o'clock.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I buy books. The Bible was sold to me, I think on the Wednesday after the prisoner left the Guardian society; I have had it in my possession ever since. I am certain she brought it, and I gave her 2 s. for it - I did not know of her having been in the Guardian house till I saw the officer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live with Mr. Howe, pawnbroker, High-street, St. Giles'. I believe the prisoner to he the person who came with Mary Ann Wood, to pawn these stays at our house. I cannot swear to her.
Prisoner. I was not in the shop when Mary Ann Wood pawned them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
