







1358. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SIMS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SCARERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 140 lbs. of lead, value 20 s., and five fixtures (i.e.) five brass cocks, value 5 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Dickin
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be fixed to a building of his.


                  GEORGE 
                  DICKIN
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
. The house No. 34, London-wall, St. Stephen, Coleman-street


, belongs to me, but was empty at this time.


                  JOHN 
                  DUCK
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Walker, cloth-worker, who lives opposite this house. On the 1st of October, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, I was looking out of window, and saw the three prisoners come out of No. 34. I went after them as far as Cripplegate-buildings - I was close to them. Matthews had a load on his head, in a wrapper - they made a stand there, and then went on to the corner of the buildings. Matthews went on - the other two stopped at the corner. I went into a gin-shop for assistance, came out, the two men went round the corner, and Matthews threw the lead off his head on the pavement, put his hat down by the side of it, and was going after the others, leaving it behind, and got about fifty yards, when I collared him; the others were not taken till Wednesday last - I am certain of them all, for when they stopped, I stared them in the face, to notice them. I picked them out from others when they were taken. I found Matthews's wrapper contained lead pipe, and brass cocks, with a ball, among it - he had a knot as if he was a porter - the lead weighed 1 1/4 cwt. I went into the house, found all the pipe cut away, and the cocks; we matched the pipe to the place, it tallied with what remained.
Prisoner SCARERS. Q. Do not you recollect having seen me in Basinghall-street, since this happened - A. No. After the examination, he said
"You knew my face to-day, and I shall know you another day."


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I work for Mr. Walters, and saw three persons come out of the house, and watched them from the window till Duck got up to them. I am quite certain the three prisoners are the men.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of Matthews, opened the wrapper, and found the lead, brass cocks, and ball; the pipe weighed 1 1/4 cwt - part of them matched. I apprehended the other two prisoners last Wednesday, at the 
               
                  Apple 
                  Tree
               



             and Mitre, public-house, Chancery-lane - Duck was with me, and pointed them out from ten or twelve others who were in the room. Matthews said, he was hired by two men to take the lead to Newgate-street.
Prisoner SCARERS. Q. Did you not see me on the 4th of October - A. I think I did. Duck was not with me.

MATTHEWS'S Defence. I was hired by two men to carry it. They said they would follow me to Newgate-street.
MATTHEWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
SIMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
SCARERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22
         






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
