





489. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                     RICHARD 
                     BOUCHER
                  




               
            . I keep the Coach and Horses, in Brewer-street, Golden-square




. On the 3d of March
, about seven o'clock, the prisoner came with a bottle, I served him with half a pint of rum, which I put into the bottle; he gave me a 1 l. note, I asked who it was for? he said,
"Mr. Shearman, No. 6, Pulteney-street," which I wrote on it, and asked him if he worked there? he said Yes. I knew a Mr. Shorman, lived there, and suspected him, as he did not give the name. I said it was a bad one, he immediately made a snatch at it, but did not get it - he ran away, leaving the note behind and the bottle. I ran after the prisoner, and called out Stop him! he was stopped, and was not out of my sight. I gave him in charge. (Looks at a note) - this is it.


                  JOHN 
                  WHALES
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. Boucher gave the prisoner into my charge. I found a letter on him, he said he found the note in that letter, in Fleet-street; that his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Nicholls
               



            , and he lived in West Smithfield.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM SHORMAN
               



            . I am an engraver, and live at No. 6, Great Pulteney-street. I never sent the prisoner with a note. I do not know him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . The note is forged in every respect, and is not Draper's signature. It is endorsed
"Mrs. Lloyd, Westt Smithfield."
(See No. 475.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a signing-clerk. The note is not signed by me.
(The note was here put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent. I found the note enclosed in the letter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
