





1161. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, an apron, value 6 d.; two pairs of stockings, value 6 d.; a waistcoat, value 2 s.; a shirt, value 1 s., and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Neighbour
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Bottomley
                        



.


                  ELIZA 
                  BOTTOMLEY
               



            . I am twelve years of age
, and live in Dog-row. On Saturday, the 5th of June I was in Whitechapel-road


, with a bundle; belonging to my cousins, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Neighbour
               



             - I was going to take it to my mother to wash. The prisoner came up from Black Lion-yard, and snatched the bundle: he ran down the yard again; I cried Stop thief! and he was caught instantly. The bundle was given to the officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  NEIGHBOUR
               



            . I had done up this bundle; there was a shirt, two pairs of stockings, a waistcoat, and an apron, of my property. I gave them to the child for her mother to wash.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  BATES
               



            . On the 5th of June I was near BlackLion-yard, and saw the prisoner ran down there - he was stopped by a man coming up the yard: he had a scufflce with the man, and got away; I stopped him.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am a headborough of Whitechapel. Bates brought the prisoner to the watch-house; the prosecutrix came, and a man, a Jew, who said he stopped the prisoner, and took the bundle from him - the prisoner denied having taken it.
Prisoner. I have neither father or mother.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
