





983. 
               
                  
                     GRIFFITH 
                     PARRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , on the Kings highway, on the 20th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will one watch, value 5 l.; one chain, value 5 l.; two seals, value 1 l., and one key, value 5 s., his property
            .
MR. BRODERICK conducted the Prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  CARTER
               



            . On the 20th of August I came from Lisson-green in the Paddington stage, which set me down at the end of Castle-street, City-road. I certainly was a little intoxicated, and in getting out of the coach I missed my step, and fell on the foot-path. I heard a voice say,
"I know the gentleman very well, and will take care of him;" the person then took me up. I turned round, and looked at him, it was the prisoner. I said I am going to Barbican; he took me down Castle-street


, and in about five minutes put his foot against my heel, tripped me up, and as I fell I felt a hand at my fob, and cried out
"Do not take my watch." I am certain he tripped me up. He ran away immediately. I gave an alarm, followed him, calling Stop thief! a person brought him back, and produced my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Are you certain of him - A. Yes; I observed him particularly. I knew perfectly well what I was about.


                  JOHN 
                  WEST
               



            . I was in Castle-street, standing at my door, I heard a person say,
"Do not take my watch." - Ithen heard stop thief cried. I pursued, but did not see the prisoner till he was brought back; he then said to me, do not hurt me, the gentleman shall have his property again. I found the watch in the area of No. 10, Castle-street. The gentleman who brought him back told me it was there. Immediately I took him to Mr. Carter; he said
"You rascal, give me my watch."


                  SAMUEL 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I was passing the end of Castle-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! turned round and saw the prisoner running, he made a full stop over the area of No. 10, as two or three got before him, he then stooped in a reclining posture. I saw him take something from his pocket, and throw it down. I saw the watch taken out of the area.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing from the person only. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
