





46. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WALKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 tea-caddy, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1 pinafore, value 6d., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Chatfield
               




            .


                  ARABELLA 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I am single, and live in Old Compton-street


. I lost a tea-caddy and some other things from the drawers in the parlour, on the 27th of November; I had seen them about an hour before - the shirt and handkerchiefs were James Chatfield's, my sister's husband; all the things were brought back: I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Chatfield. On the 27th of November my mistress sent me for change for a shilling, and when I went out the prisoner was sitting in the shop; my mistress came after me to the shop, and told me to watch the prisoner - I did not see her come out of my mistress', but I watched her into Church-street; I saw her open a shirt, and she had the other things under her arm; I took hold of her, and asked what she was going to do with them - she said to sell them; I asked where she got them - she said it was no odds to me; I took her back, and my mistress sent for the officer - she begged my mistress to forgive her; the things had been in the parlour - I had left the shop about half an hour; she dropped the shirt when I came up.


                  JAMES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I produce the articles which I got from the prosecutrix - I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person who took them - I went in with a woman to buy a bonnet-shape.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
