






324. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December

, 3 yards of carpet, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Reyley
               



             and 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Lapworth
               



            , his masters; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslyreceiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            ; against he Statute.
HALL 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am and officer of Marlborough-street. I apprehended Hall, and, in consequence of what he said, I went to Chamberlain's about the 16th of December; I found him at his master's, a cheesemonger, in High-street, St. Giles' - I asked if he knew a person named Hall; he said he did not - I asked him again, and he again denied it; I asked if he meant to say that Hall had not been with him on the Sunday - he said he had not; I then said, "I am an officer, I give you time to consider, and then give your answer; do you mean to say you do not know a person named Hall?" he said, "I do not;" I then said, "I know that is untrue, I know you do" - after some hesitation, he said he knew a little boy named Hall; I said, "The person I mean is taller than yourself - did the person you speak of, give you any thing on Sunday?" he said, "He did not;" I said I knew more than he was aware of, and I was aware he had given him something: after some hesitation, he said he had some bits of carpet - he had asked him for some bits to cover a stool; I asked if he knew who Hall lived with, and what his master was; he said he knew that he lived with a carpet-manufacturer, and he had told him the cuttings were of no use, and his master cut them up, or sold them to Jews - I went with him to a house in Vinegar-yard, where he opened a drawer, and there were these carpets rolled up - he said Hall had been there on the Sunday, and dined with him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.When you went and asked the question about Hall, did you not say "Little Hall?" A. No - I do not know a person named Hall in the employ of the prisoner's master - I do not know of any other Hall.
ALFRED KING. I saw the prisoner and Hall at the Police office; Chamberlain said there, that he had seen Hall some days previous to the Sunday.
JAMES REVLEY. I am in partnership with Mr. Alfred Lapworth - Hall was in our employ for about six weeks; this pattern of carpet is made for us particularly, and no one else - we sell it at 8s. a yard; this other I believe is ours.
JURY. Q. Are these remnants? A. This one is a remnant, but the other piece (if it is ours) is cut off a whole piece - I cannot swear positively to that; we never dispose of remnants to Jews, or in any other way, because they would come in in rooms, as well as if they were a whole width.
COURT. Q. Do you ever permit your servants to sell any thing? A. No; there is a specific in junction that they shall not.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer told me he was an officer, and I was frightened - he said, "Recollect yourself" I said, "Do you mean Hall that works for my master?" he said No; he said, "Recollect yourself," and I then said"I do," he was at my house on Sunday, and gave me two bits of carpet, and I will go and fetch them;" I met Hall, who I had not seen for two years before - he asked me to give him something to drink; I said I could not as I was going on an crrand - we parted, and on coming back, he saw me loading a cart at my master's door; he said"Jem, where do you live?" I said in Vinegar-yard - he said "I will call;" he called, and saw a stool with three legs, he said, "I have a bit of carpet at home, I will give you to cover this stool," and he brought one of the bits - he then said, "I have got another bit at home, for when we take out carpets, these are what we take out, and they are our perquisites:" on the Sunday fortnight he brought it, and threw it down, and said, "There, Jem, it is no use to me, it is my perquisite;" I said, "I thank you, I hope I shall get into no trouble about this" - he said, "Oh! no, it is perquisites;" I said, I would not have it, if I knew he came by it dishonestly - he went to market with me and my wife, and got a bit of meat for dinner; he went for a pot of beer, and I sent for a pot of porter.
CHAMBERLAIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
