





1361. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, a bowl, value 2 d., and thirteen shillings in money
            , the the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Catley
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CATLEY
               



            . I live in Cross-street, Grosvenor-square


 - I sell bread
; on Friday, the 3d of September, my daughter called me up from below, and told me a person had run away with some silver out of the till; I ran into the street, and some person had got hold of the prisoner. Part of the silver and a bowl was returned to me by somebody in the crowd.


                  ANN 
                  CATLEY
               



            . I was sitting in the parlour, and heard a chinking, and saw some person with his arm across the counter - I do not know who the person was; I did not me notice him.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES RUSSELL
               



            . I was in Old Burlington-street, and saw the prisoner running from Regent-street - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a person running after him; he had something under his apron; he ran across the road near the coaches, and threw something away - I went up and found it to be a bowl; I did not pick it up, but followed him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELL
               



            . I was with Russell, and saw the prisoner throw away the bowl - I did not see it picked up; I followed him to the end of Burlington-street, and there lost sight of him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I have thirteen shillings which I got from the prosecutor and other persons - I searched the prisoner, and found one shilling in his pocket, and another in his waistcoat; he said, he had taken the money because he wanted to look respectable, to get a place.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
