





1077. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     RAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, two watches, value 6 l.; one chain, value 2 l.; one seal, value 1 l.; one key, value 10 s.; two necklaces, value 5 s.; one ear-ring, value 2 s. 6 d., and one ridicule, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Sims
                        



                     
                  , and one handkerchief,value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Matilda 
                        Sims
                     



                  , from her person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
MISS 
               
                  MATILDA 
                  SIMS
               



            . I live with my father, Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Sims
               



            , at Brunswick-house, Hackney-road. On the evening of the 24th of August, about eight o'clock, I had been to a jeweller's shop, for the articles stated in the indictment - they were his property - they were in my ridicule, with my handkerchief. I was going home, and at the top of Widegate-alley, Bishopsgate


; the prisoner came up and snatched the redicule from my hand, and ran down the alley with it, I immediately ran after him crying Stop thief! he was stopped a very short distance off, without my losing sight of him - I am sure he is the person; the property has never been found.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Were you much alarmed - A. Yes. I saw him secured a very short distance off. He turned round several times - I knew both his person and dress.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            . On the evening of the 24th of August, a little after eight o'clock, I was in Bishopsgate-street, there was a little crowd opposite Widegate-alley, the prisoner pretended to stumble in the kennell, he snatched the prosecutrix's ridicule from her hand, and ran up the alley, I pursued him, three or four little boys came from the doorway, and ran by his side for some way. I kept him in sight, till he was stopped. He made a desperate resistance by kicking and fighting. I am positive he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutrix come up after he was secured - A. She was before me, within two or three yards of him, and called out
"That is the man?"


                  THOMAS 
                  TICKELL
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner, who was struggling on the ground with Aswell, he kicked me on the mouth, and knocked me backwards - at last we secured him. While he lay on the ground, Miss Sims, saw him, and said he was the man. We took him into a public-house, he struck and fought there.
Q. How far from the spot was he stopped - A. Not sixty yards. He made no answer, when she said he was the man, he must have heard it.


                  NATHAN 
                  DAVIS ASWELL
               



            . I tripped up the prisoner as he was running, we both fell together - I stopped him, several were running after him; he was a-head of them; I secured him after a desperate resistance.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry, and was knocked down, and almost strangled.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
