





194. 
               
                  JULIA 
                  WELSH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 keys, value 4s., and two seals, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stokey
               




            .


                  ESTHER 
                  STOKEY
               



            , I am the wife of Thomas Stokey: we live in Seymour-place, Bryanstone-square


; my husband is a gas-man
 - the prisoner was the person who charged at my house. On the 28th of November this watch was hanging up in my kitchen - I saw it safe about three o'clock in the afternoon, when I went out; the prisoner had done her work before I went out; I had not paid her - I left her and the servant in the house; I lost my little child, and asked the prisoner to go and look for it, and while she was gone I missed my watch; my street-door is not kept open - the child came back, but the prisoner did not return; I sent my servant for her the same evening and she came; I spoke to her about the watch - she took some dreadful oaths, and said she had never touched nor seen it; I saw the watch at Mr. Fleming's about the middle of the next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMALLSHAW
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker, in Newgate-street. I produce the watch - it was pawned with me by the prisoner on the 29th of November, in the name of Julia Wesh, for 1l. 12s.; Mrs. Stokey saw it in about three hours - a young man in the shop knew her; I had not been there long.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in Hollis-street, Mary-le-bone - I told her it was on suspicion of stealing Mr. Stokey's watch; she replied very impassionately, "If I took, it I took it" - I took her coming down stairs in the house where she lived; I found no duplicate, and only three halfpence on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to work at this lady's; I had done work - I went and came back again, and then she told me to go to Queen-street for her little girl; I went there and the child had been sent home - I then went home, as my child had been left all day, and my husband wanted his tea; the servant came to me afterwards to go there, and I went; I saw a man coming out of the kitchen, who put the watch down - I took it up, and did not know what to do with it, put it into my bosom: and as I am in the habit of going to Newgate-market, I left the watch there with the intention of taking it out, and returning it when I had done.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
