





1546. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  HELING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 4 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Thomas
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS THOMAS. I am a tailor
, and live in New-street, Cloth-fair. On Saturday night, the 21st of June, about ten o'clock, I was in West-street, Smithfield; I had been making a garment with another man, and was going to pay him, when I had got the money, at the shop - I had been at work at my master's that day and was quite sober; I could not see the man - I was looking about in West-street


 for him; the prisoner came up and put her right hand round my breast; she slipped her hand into my breeches pocket and took my money out - I had nine shillings, one sixpence, and four halfpence; she left two shillings - she did it all in a moment; she was going to run away, but I told her it was of no use to run away with my money - I seized hold of her; she had not run above a yard - she turned round, said she had no money, and tried to put it into her bosom; I called the watchman - she dropped some of the money; I picked up three shillings from the ground - I had not had any conversation with her - I have a wife and family.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a watchman. The witness gave the prisoner in charge; he said he had 9s. 8d., and she had robbed him of most of it - he did not pick up anything in my presence; she was searched at the watch-house and 3s. found on her.


                  RICE 
                  PRICE
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house and I found 3s. in silver on her, but no copper.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this gentleman, he caught hold of me opposite the work-house; he asked me to have something to drink - I objected to it; he then asked me to come and speak to him, and I did for about half a minute- he had his hand in his pocket; I then said I would go - he ran round the corner after me, and said he would give charge of me for robbing him; I said I did not care, for I had not robbed him; I walked on towards King-street and called the watchman myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
