





1492. 
               
                  
                     LOUIS 
                     FRANCISCO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, a watch, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Farrar
                  




               
            .


                  EDGAR 
                  HISCOCK
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Farrar
               



salesman
, High-street, Shadwell


. On the 17th of July the prisoner came into our shop with a woman between five and six o'clock in the evening, he went behind the counter, where some watches were hanging. I was in the parlour, but could see what was done in the shop; he said he wanted a silver watch - I showed him one, and he did not like it. I showed him three others - he at length fixed upon one for 3 l.; he offered me a farthing for a sovereign, and then said he would go to his shipmates to give him money to purchase it. I did not miss the watch till about two hours after he was gone - it had been on the counter with some others for him to look at - they were then hung on a nail behind the counter as they were before. I have seen it since at the office, and am certain it was one of those I showed him - there was no person behind the counter - we had not one customer in the shop from the time the prisoner left till the watch was missed; I saw him about ten minutes after at a tobacco shop opposite us, but he did not come to our shop again.
FREDERICK NICHOLSON. I am a pawnbroker - I have a watch which was pawned by the prisoner about five o'clock in the afternoon of the 17th of July, for 10 s.


                  CHARLES 
                  TICKETT
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner about nine o'clock on Saturday evening, the 17th of September, in a pawnbroker's shop; I searched him, and then let him go. Mr. Farrar came up and said,
"Have you got that man in charge." I then took him again, and on searching him I found a silk purse and a farthing, and a row of cornelian beads. He was a little in liquor, but not much; he knew perfectly well what he was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
