






767. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WATTS
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MOORE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 wooden firkin, value 6d., and 50lbs. of butter, value 35s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Ronalds
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PARKINS
               



            . I am carman to Edmund Ronalds, of Upper Thames-street. On the 28th of February, about twelve o'clock, I had thirty firkins of butter in my cart, which stood at Gerrard's Hall, Basing-lane


 - I left the cart three or four minutes, while I went up the gateway, to ask a carman to let me pass; when I returned I received information, and found a firkin had been lifted over the tail rope, and was gone - it was safe when I left the cart. I saw a crowd in pursuit, and before I got up the prisoners were in custody, and the firkin on the pavement.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIERTON
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Bailey, a carman. I was standing in Bread-street, close to the church, talking to two people; Ronalds' cart passed me, and three men were following it - their backs were towards me; I could see down Basing-lane, and saw the cart turn down Basing-lane; I kept looking, and in less than five minutes they all three returned, one having the tub of butter on his shoulder - that was Watts; the other two eased it a little, as he turned the corner; they went on towards Old Fish-street - I followed, and said, "Stop him!" Watts immediately threw it off his shoulder, but was stopped, without my losing sight of him; Haddow, who was talking to me, laid hold of Moore directly - he was one of the three.


                  RICHARD 
                  HADDOW
               



            . I am a linen-draper. I was in Bread-street, and saw three men watching the cart - they returned, Watts having the firkin - Moore and the other cased it on his shoulder; we ran, and Watts dropped it; I secured Moore.


                  HENRY 
                  CASTLE
               



            . I am a porter. I was standing in Bread-street, with the witnesses; the cart went by - the prisoners and another were following it; the other was foremost - I saw him beckon to the prisoners; they turned into Basing-lane; I saw them all three come out with a firkin of butter, but I cannot say which had it; the prisoners were secured.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was in Old Fish-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I turned round, and saw Watts running very hard - several persons tried to stop him, but could not - I caught him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WATTS' Defence. The witnesses have sworn false about the others easing the firkin - I know nothing of them; and as to their not losing sight of me, the gentleman who stopped me held me six or seven minutes before any one came up.
WATTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
