






OLD COURT.
THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1965. 
               
                  
                     EMMA 
                     HOOPER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SCROOF
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of September
, 2 pairs of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Comin
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN COMIN
               



            . I am a widow
, and sell shoes
. On the 23rd of September the prisoners came into the shop with another - Scroof asked for a pair of shoes, and tried two pairs - one fitted; they came to 2s. - she said she had not enough by 4d.; the other two had left the shop before I finished trying them on; she said she would go over the way to the young woman who had gone out first and borrow 4d; the one not here had gone before Hopper - Scroof did not return, but in two minutes I missed two pairs of shoes; I shut my door and ran out, but could not see them; I returned and stood at my door - shortly after I saw Hooper going along Shoreditch - I ran and caught her by the arm and brought her back; she denied having been in my shop; I told her she had, and asked who the other two were; she said she did not know them, and had never seen them before, but merely came in with them; I then gave her in charge; I described Scroof to Johnson, who took her in a few minutes and brought her to the shop - one of them must have taken the shoes.


                  EDMUND 
                  DARNLEY
               



            . I live with Mr. Miller, pawnbroker, of Kingsland-road. I have a pair of shoes pawned by Hooper on the 23rd.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. This pair of shoes was given to me this morning by a pawnbroker, who is too ill to attend.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SCROOF - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
