





1263. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DORSET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 10 s.; one key, value 1 s., and one ribbon, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pickles
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PICKLES
               



            . I am clerk
 to Messrs. Cardy and Co., of Bedford-row. On the 28th of September, between one and two o'clock in the day, I was on Ludgate-hill


; a procession was going to the Queen. A mob surrounded me, and my watch was snatched from my pocket. I seized the prisoner with it in his hand; I lost my hold, a gentleman collared him, took him into a shop, and it was found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I was on Ludgate-hill, and saw a procession coming. I stood next to the prosecutor - there was a great rush; I saw the prisoner in the centre of a gang of sixty or seventy - I saw him put his hand forward, and draw the watch out - I seized him with it in his hand. the prosecutor was struck, and I received several blows in the back of my neck, which nearly brought me to the ground. Several cried out
"Cut away!" I pulled him into a shop, and took the watch out of his hand; he said
"Here it is, I took it from another young man." I got an officer, who took him. The prisoner gave him a bunch of seals.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge. He gave me some seals, which he said he found on Ludgate-hill.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took it out of the thief's hand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
