







1601. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOODWARD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAMVELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 2 live tame ganders, price 10s., and I live tame goose, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Holt
                  




               
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am a market-gardener
, and live at Barnes


. On the 17th of August, I shut up ten geese in a goose-house, in a yard on my own premises, about eight o'clock in the evening; the next morning I went into the yard, about five o'clock, and saw some blood and feathers against the gate - I went to the goose-house, and missed two ganders and one goose; about eight o'clock in the morning Mr. Atliff came and said some men were at the watch-house at Hammersmith - I went there, and said I had lost two ganders and a goose; the watchman told me he had got them in his sack, and asked if I could swear to them - I said not to the two young ganders, but I could to the old goose; I did not see any difference in the ganders, but I am positive the goose was mine - I did not miss any feathers from them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What colour was the goose? A. A brown one, very much speckled; the constable has the ganders' wings - I have not kept any part of the goose; there was no particular mark on it.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a lamp-lighter, and live at Hammersmith. On the morning of the 18th of August I was returning home, about five o'clock, and putting out my lamps; I was in the middle of the road, near the Black Bull, and saw a watchman standing - from what he said I went with him to the Red Cow, where I saw the prisoners together; King and Samvell were drinking out of a horse-trough, the other stood by a ditch opposite - I spoke to the two, and said that was curious drink to get drunk with; I then saw a milkman come up, and take a sack out of a ditch - I looked into it, and saw some geese; the prisoners all ran off - I pursued, and caught Samvell, and two men out of a building caught the other two.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure of the two persons? A. Yes - I have always said so; Samvell had no coat on.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRANDSGROVE
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Crombie's-place, Hammersmith. I was going towards London about five o'clock, and saw the three prisoners walking before me - King had a sack on his head; when they came opposite the Red Cow, Samvell turned off to the right of the road, and then came back and told King to put down the load, which he did; it was in such a sack as they put corn in - I went and spoke to the lamplighter and the watchman; the sack was put down close by the side of a ditch - I then went on towards London, and when I got through Hammersmith turnpike I saw the three prisoners running as fast as they could; King said to me, "Don't stop us, mate, because we shall be too late for work" - they were all together; I did not stop them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How far is that from the prosecutor's? A. I understood he lived at Barnes, which is three miles from where I saw them.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 18th of August, Brandsgrove told me he saw three men; I went and saw two of them by the horse-trough, and the other opposite, near the spot where the sack was pulled out of the ditch - Woodward was standing near the ditch; the sack contained three geese, which I shewed to Holt, who claimed them - the prisoners were afterwards given up to me, and I locked them up; I saw them run away - Hicks asked me if he should follow them, and I said Yes; they were brought back in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; Hicks brought Samvell, and the others were brought back about the same time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAURENCE
               



            . I am the toll-collector of the Hammersmith-bridge. About a quarter before five o'clock I saw the prisoners come over the bridge in company; King had a sack on his back, which appeared nearly half full - it was a sack similar to this one; I saw red letters on it, which there is on this - I did not notice what letters they were.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETHER
               



            . I took the prisoners to the Magistrate, and cut off the wings of the geese.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKS
               



             re-examined. I took Samvell in a brickfield, nearly opposite Lord Holland's - they were all running; two men came out of a building and secured the others; they were brought back, and delivered to Jenkins.
Woodward's Defence. I saw the men running after me, and gave myself up.
King's Defence. I gave myself up.
Samvell and Woodward received a good character.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WOODWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SAMVELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Confined Twelve Months
            .
