





578. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, 1 firkin, value 6d., and 80 lbs. weight of pipe-clay, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Stable
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am carman to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Stable
               



            ; I live in Green Harbour-court. On the 23d of January, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I received a cask of pipe-clay from my master, it had a card on it, for Mr. Goodhall, of Ledlington; I took it into my cart, with several other things, and was going to the White Horse public-house - the cask was safe going up St. John-street; I got out in Smithfield


, and led the horse, but did not stop.


                  GEORGE 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Stable
               



            , an oilman
, who lives in Southwark, and has no partner. I wrote the direction, and gave it to the warehouseman to affix to the firkin, while the cart was at the door - this is the direction; it is for Mr. John Goodall, Ledlington - it was to go by a waggon.


                  HENRY 
                  SHELSTON
               



            . I live in Red Lion-alley, Cow-cross. On the evening of the 23d of January, I saw the prisoner and another man, coming down Greenwood-rents, with a cask - it was a middling-sized cask; I do not know which of them had it - but one of them put it in a corner; I said,"Here's the watchman coming," and they ran; I saw them together about two minutes - they came about thirty yards; the watchman caught the prisoner and took the cask from where they put it.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am a patrol. I took the prisoner in Red Lion-alley, about seven o'clock in the morning of the 23d of January; I heard Shelston say, "Here's the watchman coming" - I saw two men run down a flight of steps; I stopped the prisoner, who was one of them - this is the cask which I took from the corner.
Prisoner's Defence. A man came running by me, and in about five minutes the patrol came and took me; Shelston says he saw me for thirty yards, but he did not see me till I was at the top of the rents.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
