





1172. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Allen
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Sarah Ann 
                        Mills
                     



                  , spinster
            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am the wife of Benjamin Allen; we live in Cornwall-street


; Sarah Ann Mills is under my care. On the 13th of April she had a necklace on of five rows of beads; she was playing near my house at seven o'clock that evening - she came in in half an hour without the necklace; I made inquiries, but could not find it. I knew nothing of the prisoner till I saw him at the watch-house, and the necklace - it had been clasped round her neck - and was broken off, not unclasped.


                  MARTHA 
                  BENSTED
               



            . I live facing Cornwall-street. I saw Sarah Ann Mills with the necklace on, as I was sitting at my window, and saw the prisoner, who was a stranger to me, come up to her - he sent another child away who was with her; he then took little Sarah's beads off her neck, and before I could get down stairs he was gone; I ran to the watchman and told him, and in a quarter of an hour I saw the prisoner again; I am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What part of the house were you in? A. At the one pair of stairs window; it was not dark - I was not further than the width of this Court from them; I went down directly, but the child had turned the corner, and I did not see her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INCH
               



            . I am a watchman. Benstead gave me the information, and I went after the prisoner - I saw him go into his mother's house; I then went and found the prosecutrix. I went to the prisoner's mother's, and knocked at the door - they denied him, but I opened the window-shutter, and saw him going to bed; it was then about half-past seven o'clock; I went in, and took him; he said he had been in bed by six o'clock; I said it was not that when he passed me - I took him to Benstead - she said that was the man: in going along he gaveme these beads, but I do not recollect that he said anything.
MRS. ALLEN. These are the beads.
Cross-examined. Q. But you do not know that they were what was on the child's neck? A. Yes, I do; I had laid them on the copper about a month ago - the fire was lighted, and it has turned the colour of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
