






SECOND DAY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29. OLD COURT.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury. Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1305. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     M'DONALD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Humphreys
                        




                     
                   on the King's high-way, on the 18th of October, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a purse value 2 d., a half crown, thirteen shillings,and two promissory notes, for payment of and value 1 l.
             his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am guard to the Birmingham coach
. On the 18th of October, about eleven o'clock at night, I was going to my lodgings; I was perfectly sober; I had been off duty about two hours - I saw the prisoners together at this end of Goswell-street


. Smith seized me round the waist and held me, put her hand into my left hand pocket, and took out my purse; it was done instantly; it contained two Birmingham 1 l. notes, and 15 s. 6 d. in silver - I felt my pocket, turned round, and seized her right hand. M'Donald was about ten yards from me; I asked Smith for my money - she said she had not got it; I wanted to look into her left hand - she would not let me; she put the purse between her legs and let it fall - I picked it up, and called the watchman. M'Donald tried several times to pull her from me, and tried to rescue her from the watchman. Smith bit my thumb several times - I gave them in charge - Brown was with me, and M'Donald had gone after him.
JOHN BROWN. I am the Birmingham coachman, and was with Humphreys - the prisoners were together, and both stopped him; Smith put her hand round his waist; I walked on about ten yards. M'Donald then came after me - I told her to go about her business - Humphreys called out that he was robbed; I went back and saw the purse on the ground - M'Donald tried to rescue Smith; but she was with me at the time the purse was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I heard a call of watch, and went up and took Smith in charge - Humphreys said he was robbed of his purse which he produced. M'Donald endeavoured to rescue Smith.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               



            . I came out of an eating-house, and saw the purse drop from between Smith's legs.
SMITH'S Defence. As I came out of the eating-house, I saw the prosecutor with some females round him; he took hold of me, and asked if I would drink, and gave me 6 d. I was obliged to get from him, as he wanted to take indecent liberties with me - I called the watch as he would not leave me; he then gave me in charge; he pulled the purse out of his pocket.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 28.




               Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            

M'DONALD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
