





1889. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s., and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Mather
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I live with Mr. Mather. On the 2d of October the prisoner came to the shop and asked for some trousers; I first showed him a blue pair, which I took from the door - he then asked for a black pair, which I showed him; he asked if there was a place where he could try them on; but then said, "No, you can measure me, can't you?" which I did, and saw Malby take the handkerchiefs; I called Charles, who sent me afterwards for a watchman; and when I came back, I looked through a window, and saw Jones take a pair of trousers, roll them up in a silk handkerchief, and put them in his hat; he saw me whisper to my master, and then threw them out of his hat under the table, and came from the parlour into the shop, and said they would not fit him.
COURT. Q. Whose handkerchief was it he put them into? A. Into one, which he took from my master; he not had bought any of me.
Prisoner. When I went to your shop, I asked to look at a pair of trousers, and you asked me to go into the parlour. Witness. No; you asked me if I could measure you, and you kept trying to get in the way that I should not see the other take the handkerchiefs; I got sight of him between your legs; he then asked for some stockings, which I did not show him; I did not tell my master that I suspected you of stealing the handkerchief.
BENJAMIN MATHER. In consequence of my boy calling me, I came into my shop and found Jones and Malby - I let Malby go; and when my boy came back, he said,"You have let the wrong man go;" Jones then came into the shop from the parlour, and said they were too small: I said, "Here is another pair;" but I looked, and could not find them; the boy then came into the shop and said,"He has got a pair of trousers in his hat;" the prisoner said he would try another pair on; he went into the parlour, and took off his hat; I went and looked into it, but there was nothing there; I said, "Your friend has stolen some silk handkerchiefs, and I suspect you have got a pair of trousers;" he said he had not.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you detect me in taking them, and putting them into my hat? A. I had left them on the counter, in the shop, when I went up-stairs; and when I went into the parlour again, I found them in a red silk handkerchief under a table, at the further end of the parlour, a place where he could not have stood, on account of the chairs.
JURY. Q. Was the handkerchief you found with the trousers, one of the same as those the other prisoner took? A. It was of the same description, but not of the same bundle.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
