






618. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, one tea kettle, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hannah Fall 
                     Bannister
                  




               
            , widow
.
H. F. Bannister. I am a widow, and live in Plumbree-street, Bloomsbury


. The prisoners and another boy, all three were dressed at chimney sweeper
s - came to my house, saying they came to sweep the chimnies. I said I wanted no sweeps. Bolton kept me in conversation, saying
"May we come to-morrow?" - and while I was talking, the other, who is not taken, snatched the kettle up off the fire, and ran away with it.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROWE WIEKS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 23d of March, I was coming by - the prosecutrix informed me that she had detained Bolton. I took him, and asked who the other two were - he said one was the coloured boy Williams, and the other was Saucy Jack. I went into Short's-gardens, and found Williams and another in an old iron shop, with the kettle. They threw it down and ran away. I took Williams the same night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BOLTON'S Defence. I met the other lad. He asked if I wanted work. He said he had six jobs to do, and I might have half the profit. It is a rule to help each other. I followed him, as I thought, to sweep the chimney - and while I was talking to him, he snatched the kettle.
WILLIAMS'S Defence. I saw a mob, went home, and when I was at tea the constable came and took me.
BOLTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Whipped and Discharged
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
