





239. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WIRE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December
, 50 lbs. of lead, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Innes
                     



                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house of his
            .
2d COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Thompson
               



            , and fixed to his dwelling-house.
GEORGE THOMPSON. I rent the house, No. 3, Church-street, St. Giles in the Fields


. It is a finished house and has lead on the roof of it - I went on Friday, the 4th of December, to see if the lead was all right, and missed some from the roof - the prisoner acknowledged that he had taken it, at the Office.


                  MARY 
                  MORGAN
               



            . On the 3d of December I was sitting in this house, and heard a noise, and saw this man's foot come through the ceiling - I knew him before. I then went out, and saw him get off the trap-door; I asked what he was doing there; he said, playing at hoop - and he said he would mend the ceiling which he had broken: he came afterwards, and brought some laths to mend the ceiling, but could not; and he then said he would send some person to mend it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me there; will you swear it? A. Yes, I will; and some person with you.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DALE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner sign this examination.
"The voluntary statement of Henry Wire - On the 3d of December I went upon the roof of the house, No. 3, Church-street, and ripped about 50 lbs. weight of lead off, which Iafterwards sold at a a marine store shop in Short's gardens, one piece for 2 s. 6 d., and another for 1 s. 3 1/2 d."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
