






76. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ALDGATE
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JOHNSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 2 stoves, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shirley
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 14th of November, about five o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners together, about three hundred yards from Mrs. Shirley's house; I suspected them, took off my great coat, and watched them till six o'clock, when the watch goes off; as soon as I had given up my coat I ran back, and saw the prisoners, with each a stove, about fifty yards from Mrs. Shirley's, in Wynyatt-street


; I and Grove secured them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What time was it then? A. It was going on for seven o'clock; there was a woman with them, but we let her go to secure the men - I have not seen her since.


                  THOMAS 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was with Bedford - we saw the prisoner with a woman, at five o'clock, and watched them above an hour. I took off my coat, returned, and met the woman; I went on towards Mrs. Shirley's, and met the prisoners, with each a stove on his shoulder - we secured them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the woman appear to be directing them to the house? A. No, by no means. I have not seen her since.


                  MARY 
                  SHIRLEY
               



            . This is my house. I know these stoves to be mine; they were fixed to my house. I am a widow. They fit the fire-places: one was in the first floor, and the other on the second - the house was empty.
ALDGATE's Defence. I was stopped by the other prisoner, and a woman in the City-road; they asked if I would earn a shilling, to carry a stove from Wynyatt-street: we went in - she opened the door, and gave us thestoves out, and told us to go to the City Arms public-house, and wait for her.
JOHNSON's Defence. I met a woman, who hired me to carry the stoves - I was glad to earn 1s.; she told us to take them to the City Arms.
ALDGATE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 59.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
