





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2010. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  BARKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Clark
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH CLARK. I live in Round-court, Strand, and am a coal-heaver
. On Saturday, the 20th of October, at half-past five o'clock, I was at the Ship and Shovel public-house, in St. Martin's parish


, with Pope and Wells - the prisoner was pot-boy
 at the house; I gave him two sovereigns to go to the bar to get change, to divide among us - it was our wages; he left the room: I waited a quarter of an hour, buthe did not return; there was a person named Newman with him; I saw them speaking together before I gave the money - Newman was pot-boy at another house; he did not remain after I gave Barker the money: I went in pursuit of the prisoner till half-past eleven o'clock, and found him in custody at Mary-le-bone Office on Monday morning.


                  CHARLES 
                  POPE
               



            . I was at this house on Saturday night. I saw Clark give the prisoner two sovereigns to get change - I found him on Sunday morning, at a gin-shop in Barrett's-court, Wigmore-street, with Newman, and three or four girls, about half-past eight o'clock - I collared him, and asked what he had done with the two sovereigns; he said he had spent them.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he was intoxicated on the night in question, and next morning found himself in this public-house; he was going to return when he was apprehended, and that he supposed some women must have robbed him of the money.
JOSEPH CLARK. He was quite sober.
CHARLES POPE. He was sober that night, and so he was when I took him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
