






720. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GUINAR
               




             and 
               
                  DAVID 
                  DEVINE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 400lbs. weight of iron, value 35s.
            , the goods of Sir


                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



            , Bart. and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Scott
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  HINSBY
               



            . I superintend the repairs of Sir Claude Scott's house, at the corner of Margaret-street, Cavendish-square


 - these articles were kept locked in the stable-yard behind the premises; I locked the stables and the outer gates on the night of the 9th of March, and when I went there next morning, I missed the ten sash weights, and twenty-two palisades - they were all iron; I got a ladder and traced some footsteps over Lord Duncannon's stable-yard - this was about half-past six o'clock, and the servants were not up; I went again at a quarter before eight, and then found the traces of some iron, which had been dragged along the leads, and then down into Lord Duncannon's yard - the gates of the yard were locked, and a person must have gone through the stables to have got into the new street - I saw eleven of the palisades next day.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you any marks upon them? A. No; but I have some more of the same pattern in my stores - they could not be got out of the yard but over the gates - I saw no mark of any person getting out - if any of Lord Duncannon's servants had chosen they might have let them out through the house - the boundary of the yard was the last place where I saw the footsteps.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am coachman to Lord Duncannon. I have known Guinar for two years, by seeing him work near the stable, as a bricklayer's labourer - on the 8th of March he told me he had some pieces of iron lying about, which he wished to take out without the two carpenters knowing it; I understood he worked at Sir Claude Scott's house - he said the trifle he should get for the iron would be so little among them all;" I gave him leave to get it out, and went away directly - the following night I was out with his Lordship, and when I came home, about half-past seven o'clock, I saw the two prisoners - they spoke to me, and said they had been on the premises, and got the iron, out - it was dark and I could not see what it was, but they took it away at three different times - it was bars of iron, they carried it on their shoulders through my stables - they went out each of them loaded first, and then one returned and carried the rest away - they came back in a short time with some liquor, which they pressedme to drink, and I drank with them - there is a low roof adjoining our wall, over which they got the iron; on the following night Hinsby came, and saw some bars and some sash weights were lying there, ready for them to take.
Cross-examined. Q. You thought all this an innocent transaction? A. Yes; I went by what Guinar said; two servants besides myself saw them take the iron - they are now in Court. I considered the iron was their own, and the reason they were afraid to take it out, in sight of the two carpenters was, because they should get so little for it; they brought iron twice over the wall out of the premises - there were eleven or twelve bars, and ten sash weights; some of them were sold; I did not see the money, but I had some of the gin; I did not think they were stolen till the second time. I did not tell Lord Duncannon of it, but I sent word to him by the valet the next day. I opened the gates of the stable yard for them - it was between ten minutes after seven o'clock and half-past seven - the men were then gone from Sir Claude Scott's. It did not occur to me that they might have carried it through Sir Claude Scott's without the men seeing them. I did not keep watch, and tell them to be careful, as the watchman was passing by, but as Guinar was going out the first time, there were three watchmen going by, and he stepped back, but I did not give that a thought. I went before Mr. Dwyer. the Magistrate - I did not hear him say it was of no use asking me any more questions, as I had made a liar of myself. I related the transaction as I have here - I did not say I had nothing to say or do in the transaction, nor anything of that kind; I told him I took part of the gin - there had been a person living on the premises of Sir Claude Scott, but I have since heard they had gone away before this transaction. When the prisoners returned the second time, I suspected it was a dishonest transaction, by the time they were gone. The gin was only given once, and we were about ten minutes drinking it; there were the two prisoners, my two fellow-servants, and myself. Upon my oath I did not tell Guinar to step back for fear of the watchmen. I sat up till a little before eleven o'clock - we were four hours there.
COURT. Q. Did you help them with any of it into the stable? A. Yes, the second time, because Guinar sat down, and refused to help.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOK
               



            . I am second coachman to Lord Duncannon. On the evening of the 9th of March some iron was brought into the stable yard by Guinar and the other prisoner - Guinar had spoken to me about it, on the Tuesday before; he asked me where the coachman was; I said he was gone to Rochampton, with the carriage; he said he had a bit of old iron in the stable, which he wished to get away; I had been present the evening before, about seven o'clock, when the two prisoners brought it - I did not help them. I had some of the gin which they brought in.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the stable all the time? A. Yes, from seven o'clock till nearly eight - it was all over by that time; I stopped till I had done work - I cannot tell what time it was then, but the prisoners were then gone; they had taken out two lots before I left. I left the stable, and went with Sharp to the public-house, but I did not have above one or two glasses of ale - the two prisoners were there, and paid the money - Sharp drank with them; I was not near the gate when they went out. I do not know how much money they got, nor how much was drank - the prisoners and my two fellow-servants were drinking; I did not ask whose iron it was - I came to the stable door while they were taking the iron over the wall. I asked if they were taking any thing wrong, and they said No. Sharp was not there then. - Lord Duncannon received information of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am in the service of Lord Duncannon. I was there on the night of the 9th of March - I did not see Sharp let Guinar in - he came in at the gate from New-street. I did not see them get the iron, but saw them take it away from the yard.
Cross-examined. Q. How high is this wall? A. It is twelve or fourteen feet, and requires a ladder to get over it- they went out with the iron, and brought in the gin; I drank some of it - I only saw them take the iron once. I had been with a note from my master, and when I returned I saw the steward, but I did not tell him of it. I had seen one of them before - I went to the public-house, and they were there; we staid there till about half-past ten o'clock- I never suspected it was a dishonest transaction; I was at the office. I did not hear Sharp say he knew nothing about the transaction. Mr. Dwyer said it was no use to ask him any questions, as he had made a liar of himself.
Q. Was not that in consequence of his saying he had nothing to do with the transaction, and afterwards acknowledging he had? A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a tailor, and keep a rag and bottle shop - I live at No. 1, Margaret-court. I have known Guinar two years. On the 9th of March I bought some iron of him, about eight o'clock in the evening - I gave him 11/2d. a pound for it - it was taken away by the officer - this is the iron.


                  BARBARA 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am the wife of George Wallis. - I saw the prisoners in the shop on the 9th of March.


                  SARAH 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am Wallis' daughter. I weighed some bars which the prisoners brought - there were about 108lbs.; the value of them was about 5s.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. Sharp came to the office on the night of the 10th of March, and I went and took the two prisoners in Lord Duncannon's stables. I received some iron next morning - some from Sharp, and some from Wallis. I received eleven bars from one, and twelve from the other.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I was with Clements.
GUINAR'S Defence. I met the coachman one morning, and he told me if I would call on him in the afternoon he would give me a jacket; he told me he had a quantity of corn which he wanted me to take for him to a place, but as the watchmen were going by I would not take it, and then he would not give me the jacket.
GUINAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DEVINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Six Months
            .
