





1006. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Thomas 
                           Glyn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT THOMAS 
               
                  GLYN 
                  ESQ
               



            . I live in Arlington-street, St. James'. On the 4th of June, at a quarter before three o'clock in the day, I was passing along Newgate-street


, returning from the Anniversary of St. Paul's; there were a good many idle people standing about - I heard a noise behind, and one or two men rushed past me; suspecting something, I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; an officer ran by, and returned in five minutes, with my handkerchief and the prisoner in custody - another boy was taken with him, who he said had nothing to do with it.


                  JOHN 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was by St. Paul's, and followed the prisoner and another person; on turning round Newgate-street I saw them go close behind Mr. Glyn, and the prisoner put his hand into Mr. Glyn's pocket - I was going to lay hold of him, but a gentleman came by, and I missed my hold; I told the prosecutor to stand still - I followed, and took the prisoner three or four yards off - I observed him putting the handkerchief into his bosom; I immediately took it from him.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Garton - his evidence is correct; I took the other, who was discharged - I did not see the prisoner take the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief was half out of the gentleman's pocket, and as I passed by I took it out, as I had had no victuals all day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
