






660. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WHITBREAD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing on the 18th of April
, one sack, value 6 d., and three bushels of coals, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tyler
                  




               
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am a coal-merchant
, and live at Pondersend. Palmer was in my service. On 18th April, he had to deliver a load of coals to Mr. Nash, at Edmonton; the first waggon contained 33 sacks. I went next day to Mr. Rogers and saw a sack of coals of the same description.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. They were not measured - A. No, they were bought as a room; four sacks out of the second waggon were to be delivered to Mr. Ives. I know nothing of Whitbread.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . I am a coal-meter. I delivered Palmer thirty-three sacks of coals, between half-past six and seven o'clock.


                  CATHARINE 
                  BATES
               



            . I live in South-street, Pondersend. On 18th April, about seven o'clock, I saw a waggon draw up to Rogers' gate, next door to me; the prisoners were with it. Whitbread put a sack off the waggon, on Palmer's shoulder, and while he shot them Whitbread fastened the chain, and both went off with the waggon. I don't know what became of the sack.


                  HARRIET 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Nash. The prisoners brought the first waggon of coals about ten minutes before eight o'clock; and when they were going, Palmer was pulling the sacks into the waggon. I said,
"Don't you count them" He said it did not signify, he was coming again, and he would not do it. Whitbread opened the gate and they drove off. He said it did not matter to me. Another waggon came in the afternoon.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SARJENT
               



            . I live at Lower Edmonton. On 18th April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, Palmer came to me with a waggon of coals, and asked if I wanted to buy a sack of coals. I said No. He then asked if he might put it down till he came back. I made no answer.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you - A. A smith. I neither consented nor refused, for I was busy.
PALMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WHITBREAD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Arabain.
