





2038. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BURGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 1 bag, value 6d., and 56lbs. of ginger, 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hearon
               




            , and others.


                  JAMES 
                  LEMAY
               



            . I live in Club-row, Church-street, Shoreditch, and am servant to Henry Hearon and Co., who are druggists
; this parcel of ginger was packed in a bag, and stood within four or five yards of the shop door; I saw it safe about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 26th of September, and missed it in about half an hour; I found the prisoner in custody with it about five o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARGRAVE
               



            . I am a cordwainer, and live in Grub-street. On the 26th of September, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Bishopsgate-street


, about two doors from Mr. Hearon's, and met the prisoner, arm-in-arm with a person; I watched them, and saw the other let go of the prisoner's arm, go to the prosecutor's door, and come out with a bag, which the prisoner took of him at the door, and made off with it as fast as he could; I followed him as fast as I could, about one hundred yards to Pea-hen-court, where he was joined by another person; he turned up the court by himself, stopped there, put the bag on his knee, and tore a piece of paper or parchment off the corner; I passed him, and went down some steps at the bottom of the court, into a green-shop, and inquired for an officer; while I stood there he passed me with the bag on his shoulder; his companion came up in a short time, laid hold of my collar, and said, "Come, I will make it all right with you;" I said, "No, I won't, for I know that bag is stolen, and shall stop him with it;" I followed, and stopped him myself - both his companions went off.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was the bag recovered? A. I took him with it; I had only lost sight of him once; I know one of the men who was in his company.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable, and received him in charge in Broad-street; the bag of ginger then laid at his feet; he said a man had given it to him to carry to the Brown Bear public-house, Moorfields; Lemay claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Hargrave describe the other persons? A. He did, and I have searched for them.


                  JAMES 
                  LEMAY
               



            . This is the bag of ginger; it had no direction on it, but a piece of paper with the weight.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
