





555. 
               
                  ANN 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 6d., and one Bank note, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Haley
               




            .
JOHN HALEY. I am a sailor
. I was at the Coach and Horses, public-house, King David-lane, Shadwell


, on Wednesday night last. I was a little the worse for liquor; but not drunk - I met the prisoner there, and went with her to a house - but do not know where; I took off my jacket and waistcoat, and laid down on the bed, and went to sleep - when I laid down I had a watch, a seal, and key; a 5l. Bank note, a sovereign, half a sovereign, and 1s., in my watch-pocket. I awoke about half-past five o'clock in the morning; the prisoner was then gone - and also my watch and money.


                  DANIEL 
                  CHILDS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner last Thursday morning, about two o'clock; she said she was very cold, and wanted to know if there were any houses open, to get something to drink; I said, No - I met her again at four o'clock; she said she wished some house was open - I told her there would be one open in half an hour, which was the White Swan - I went there, and took down the shutters, as I generally do - we had a quartern of rum, for which she paid in halfpence; she then called for some brandy, and the young woman did not like to let her have it; she said, "I have got plenty of money," and offered a five pound note to change; but the young woman would not change it; she then to the White Hart, to Mr. Thomas, and he would not give her change; - she then went to the Coach and Horses, and there the gentleman took her, and kept the note.


                  HAMMOND 
                  NELSON
               



            . I saw this watchman and the prisoner, come to the White Hart public-house, and offer this 5l. note for change; I said it could not be right - she must have been robbing somebody - she went to the Coach and Horses public-house, and offered the note; I then gave her in charge, and went to her house, where I found the prosecutor, who said he had lost a watch and a 5l., note; I found the watch in her bosom at the watch-house - she said he had given it to her to take care of.


                  CHARLES 
                  HENRY CLIFFORD
               



            . I keep the Coach and Horses. The prisoner came and had a quartern of gin, and wanted change for a 5l. note; I asked where she got it - she said from a man at her lodging - I refused to give her change, and during the absence of Nelson, she produced a watch, which she said belonged to the man at her lodging - I believe I had seen her at my house with the man, the night before - she said he told her to put it under her pillow to take care of for him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The young man gave me the property to take care of till the morning.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYLEY
               



            . I did not - I gave her half a sovereign and one shilling.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
