





Before Mr. Justice Park.
403. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WESTBROOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th February
, thirty-six printed books, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Fiske
                  




               
            .
MR. ROBERT FISKE. I am a bookseller
, and live at the corner of Marylebone-lane, and Wigmore-street; and rent a warehouse at Mr. Gaunt's livery-stables next door, where I have seven or eight thousand volumes - the prisoner was gatesman of the stables
; I also have presses in another room there. I found the padlock of the presses loose, and missed books several times. I observed the prisoner one morning with a large bag on his back, which appeared to have books in it - I watched him into a house in Barrett's-court, Wigmore-street; I returned, and enquired at the stable, and found he was leaving the situation of gatesman. On the 12th of February, I was coming up Barrett's-court, and saw three odd volumes of Blackstone's Commentaries in the window, and knew them to be mine; I went in and found about twelve volumes of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  TEW
               



            . I live at No. 21, Barrett's-court. I bought the books of a woman, whom I since know to be the prisoner's wife; I never bought any of him, I bought them all within a fortnight or three weeks, and gave 12 s. or 14 s. for the whole. I gave 4 d. and 6 d. each for some of them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I produce the books which I found at Tew's, here is
"Clark's Homer" complete, and
"Elvesias on Man."
MR. FISKE. They are mine, and worth about 6 l. if complete.
Prisoner. I am very sorry that I took them away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
