





406. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 2 pairs of boots, value 17s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 7s.; 4 skins of leather, value 32s.; 124 pieces of leather, value 5l., and 4 pairs of boot-tops, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Waite
               




            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE WAITE. I am a currier
, and live in Gray's Inn-lane. The prisoner was in my service for five years, and left me on the 26th of November. In consequence of information I and my solicitor set off for Swaffham, by the coach, on the 2d of December; the prisoner bailed the coach at the Cherry Tree public-house, Kingsland-road; I was on the top - I got down, and put my hand on his shoulder while he was taking a glass of gin; I sent for Armstrong, the officer, who took him into custody. I saw this box and its contents, which was taken by Mr. Johnson, on the 10th of December - it contains the articles stated in the indicted - they are mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was it that you went? A. On the 2d of December; I was on the top of the coach, but it was dark - I heard his voice, and then saw him. I had dismissed him on a Saturday night, and received information on the Monday following. I saw this box on the 10th of December, six or seven days afterwards. I prosecuted his brother last Session, for having some leather of mine, but he was acquitted.


                  JOHN 
                  GALE GARRETT
               



            . I am a solicitor, and was with the prosecutor, going to Swaffham; I assisted in taking the prisoner into custody; when the coachman asked him where he was going, he said to Swaffham.


                  EDWARE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am governor of Swaffham gaol. In consequence of information I went to the Greyhound inn at Swaffham, on the 10th of December, and got this box, which I have shown ot the prosecutor; a direction was nailed on it, "To Mr. Knight, to be left at the Greyhound, Swaffham, till called for."


                  JOHN 
                  GODWIN
               



            . I am a currier. I know the prisoner's hand-writing - this direction is his writing.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOLYENAUS
               



            . I am a shoe-maker. I believe this direction to be the writing of the prisoner, but cannot swear to it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WAITE
               



             re-examined. I have seen the prisoner write many times; I am sure this is his writing. I know this pair of boots - I have worn them once; they pinched me in the toe, and I gave them to the prisoner to stretch for me; I asked him some time after where they were, and he said he did not know; I did not see them again till I saw them in this box - I cannot swear to these pieces of leather, but I can to the paper they are in. Those others have my mark on them
Cross-examined. Q. Are not these marks common to all curriers? A. Yes. I believe a man of the name of Nelson made the boots, but I cannot be positive, as several persons work for me.
Mr. ALLEY. Q. Have you any doubt of their being made for you? A. No; I took them out of a lot; I can swear I had worn them, and gave them to the prisoner to stretch.
COURT. Q. Were they taken out of the lot or made for you? AS. I believe they were made for me, but I cannot be positive - these are the boots I wore.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . The prisoner was given into my charge for stealing a quantity of leather and other articles- the prosecutor told him so in my prisence, and he said," I have nothing to fear - I was going to Swaffhm."


                  THOMAS 
                  MOLYNEAUX
               



            . I know this pair of slippers to be the property of Mr. Waite, and the pair of lady's boots.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you make them? A. No - I cut them out, and I know them by the mark; Mr. Waite has about six people work in his house, but the prisoner and myself were the only persons in the shop.


                  RICCHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's employ, as foreman. I know these two pair of boot legs - they were my own dressing and marking; they were Mr. Waite's property.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in his service? A. Six years, and left him last January twelve-months. I had access to the shop - I both bought and sold while there, and went through the shop to go to work. I do not think any other person had access to it.
MR. PHILLIPS called -


                  HUGH 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am a boot-maker. These boots are not my making; I have made about twenty pairs of boots for Mr. Waite; I once cleaned the bottom of a pair of boots for him, which had been on his own feet - he brought them to me, and said, "They are tool little for me - what can I do?" I said, "All you can do is to have them cleaned." Which I did, and had 1s. for doing it - they were dirtied as these are.
COURT. Q. How long is this ago? A. It is more than>six months ago. I have not worked for him since; these are not the boots I cleaned for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
