





553. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, a bed, value 40 s., and a wrapper, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Dear
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  DEAR
               



            . I am carman
 to Mr. Holyland, and live in George-court, Bennet's-hill, Doctors'-Commons. These things were in my waggon, near Broken-wharf, Thames-street


; about eight o'clock at night I missed them; I had seen them safe three minutes before. I saw nobody near. Mr. Jackson, the officer, shewed me them next morning; it had been opened.


                  JOHN 
                  RAMSDEN
               



            . I am a labourer. Dear bought the bed of me; I know it to be the same.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday night, the 15th of March, about half past eight o'clock, I was in the Old Change, I saw four suspicious characters. I saw the prisoner come from behind them with the bed on his back; he was about three minutes walk from Broken-wharf - I stopped him, and asked him what it was - he said it was the same inside as out - I questioned him; he said he fetched it from his master's, and was going to take it home; that his master lived at No. 12, Catherine-wheel-alley. I took him to the watch-house. I went to 12, Catherine-wheel-alley, which is kept by a widow woman, who knew nothing of it. When I returned to the watch-house, I found he had escaped through the bars of the windows; and on Tuesday, at ten o'clock in the morning, I met him with a person I knew, and took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
