





1343. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  SCALTOP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, nine bobbins of silk shoot, value 20 s.: a pair of shoes, value 2 s.; a bag, value 6 d.; a skein of thread, value 1/2 d., and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Ward
               




            .
JOHN WARD. I am a Greenwich pensioner
. On the 9th of September, between four and five o'clock, I went to the sign of the Adam and Eve public-house, Church-street, Bethnal-green


. I saw the prisoner there, and a man sitting by her; I had a bundle, nine bobbins of silk shoot, a pair of shoes, a skein of thread, and a bag in a handkerchief - I saw an acquaintance there - I got up to speak to him, and while I turned round, the bag was gone, and the man and woman likewise.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I keep this house. I recollect the prosecutor coming with a bundle, tied in a blue spotted handkerchief - he kept it in his hand nearly all the time he was there - he spoke to an acquaintance, and laid down the bundle on the table to have some oysters. As I was going into the tap-room, I met the prisoner going out with the bundle, but I did not know, but that she was a friend of his - he said to me in a minute or two, "Where is the bundle;" I said, "That woman who has been drinking here, took it" - he then went away - the prisoner returned in a few minutes without a bundle, and I detained her.


                  GEORGE 
                  CAVALIER
               



            . I was at the house and saw the prisoner go out with the bundle - I am quite certain of her person - she was absent about five or ten minutes, when she returned, and was detained - Ward was talking to me when she took the bundle out.


                  ISAAC 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am a harness-maker. I was going towards the house, and met the prisoner about six or eight yards from it - she had a handle in her hand which she tried to secrete under her shawl. When I got into the house I heard of the robbery - I waited till she returned, and saw her taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out to get some bread and cheese - the witness asked me to have some beer with him, which I did not, as I said I had a friend with me; as to the bundle I did not see it - I had one of my own, which was taken before the Magistrates.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
