





552. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT SIMPSON 
                     AYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, (being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Flint
                        




                     
                  ,) two pair of silk stockings, value 15 s. 6 d.; seven pair of stockings, value 27 s. 6 d.; two handkerchiefs, value 12 s.; two pair of gloves, value 2 s. 4 d., and three quarters of a yard of linen, value 6 d.
            , his property.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FLINT
               



            . I am a haberdasher
; I live on Fish-street-hill


. The prisoner was my shopman for six months - in consequence of suspicion on the 2d of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I sent for him into the counting-house, and told him I was dissatisfied with him and intended to discharge him, and that I suspected he was not honest, and that before he went I should insist on his boxes being searched; they were kept in his bed-room. Mr. Sharp first searched them, and produced five pair of stockings to me - he was allowed to go away; in a few hours after I searched the box in his presence, found two handkerchief and the remainder of the articles stated in the indictment. I cannot say whether there was one or two pair of silk stockings in the box; one pair appeared to have been worn once - I know them well to be mine, from their pattern, quality, and manufacture. I claimed all the property in his presence.


                  GEORGE 
                  H. SHARP
               



            . Mr. Flint, is my son-in-law. The prisoner went willingly with me to search his box; I found five pair of cotton stockings; he said I should find nothing in it but what was there when there was a search about the porters. I was present also when Mr. Flint searched, and found the silk stockings and handkerchiefs, and claimed them. He acknowledged that he stole them all, and told Mr. Flint where he took them from and when; previous to that he said he bought them of his uncle. When I searched, I found a pair of white silk stockings in his pocket, which had been worn once; he wondered how they came there, and said he bought them near Middle-row.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What share have you in the business - A. None at all. The box had been searched six or seven weeks before, when our porters were detected in robbing us; he gave me his keys willingly; the box was in the back house, which is kept locked all day.
MR. FLINT. I held out no promise or threat to him; he said he bought the cotton stockings of his uncle, but on my finding the other things, I said
"You have taken these. It is of no use denying it - where did you get them from" - he said he took them all, and hoped I would have mercy on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
