





988. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GILMORE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 1 pair of shoes, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dunn
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Thomas Dunn, a shoe-maker
, of Shoreditch


; these lady's shoes are his; I made them - the other pair is his; they have allthe shop mark on them - I had not seen them on the 12th of April.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your master here? A. No. I never saw the prisoner at all.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Dunn. I can swear to these shoes; I saw them safe about seven o'clock on the evening of the 12th of April, hanging just by the door post. I missed them at half-past seven; I saw them the next day, when the officer, Thompson, brought them.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they hanging outside the shop? A. No; they were by the door post, inside - they were two or three inches within the shop; the prisoner cut them down; we had a good many shoes of the same make, but had not sold any that week.
COURT. Q. He cut them down? A. Yes, and left the piece of string on the nail - they were all fastened with one string.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 12th of April, a little before eight o'clock, I was in Whitecross-street, and saw the prisoner with this parcel, tied in this handkerchief; he was going to Playhouse-yard - I crossed over to him, and said Stop! he stopped; I said, "What have you got under here?" he said, "You know" - I said it was impossible I should know; he said,"They are two pair of shoes, Tom;" I said "Where did you get them?" he said he bought them of a man in the street.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was this from the shop? A. About a mile.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I was with Thompson - what he has said is correct.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBBS
               



            . There is one pair of these shoes dirty; I let them fall as I put them out that morning - we had others marked in the same way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
