





563. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, a writing-desk, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Emery
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  EMERY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Emery
               



            , cabinet-maker
, Carthusian-street, Charter-house-square


. The prisoner came to ask if we sent out men to put up beds, and said he wanted a table. My husband shewed him some, which he measured with a bit of tape, and said it would do, and went away, saying he would call in half an hour. Between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, of the 26th, he came again, and said he was sorry he could not come at the time he stated, but would come at nine o'clock next morning; which he did. I opened the door to him, and told him my husband was in bed - I left the shop for two minutes, to call the apprentice; and on returning, he was gone with the desk. I found it a week after in the possession of the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in Golden-lane, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, of the 27th of March, on another charge; he had this desk in his possession.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I came from China, and engaged with Captain Turner, of the Royal George, who sent me to Mrs. Emery - and she told me to take the desk and shew him.


                  JAMES 
                  EMERY
               



            . He never said a word about the desk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were five other indictments against the prisoner.
