





74. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BINLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 25th of November
, 240 pairs of gloves, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Deacon
                  



               
            , and others.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     George Frederick 
                     Minton
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On Wednesday evening, the 25th of November, between six and seven o'clock, I was in Wood-street, Cheapside


, and saw a cart belonging to Daniel Deacon and Sons, of the White Horse, Cripplegate, standing there; I saw several suspicious characters standing about; and after stopping a few minutes I saw the prisoner get on the cart-wheel, take hold of the side, with his left hand, reach over, and with his right hand take up a brown paper parcel; a lad who was in the cart flew from the opposite side, where he was standing, and the prisoner quickly endeavoured to get down, but in the act of doing so, struck his hand against the side rail of the cart, which caused the parcel to fall into the cart again - he attempted to run away, but I secured him; I am quite sure the parcel was in his hand - a desperate struggle ensued between us, and several others immediately came between him and me: they were no doubt notorious thieves - they rescued him; I struggled as long as I could, but at last he got away - I re-took him, and conveyed him to the watch-house; I am certain he had the parcel in his hand - I saw him lift it up, and let it fall by the boy against the rail.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It fell into the cart? A. Yes - whether it fell into the same place as he took it from I cannot say; it was a fine night - he did not get a yard from me before I re-took him: I lost my hold, and he was at liberty - I felt the effects of their violence,but am sure he was not out of my sight, nor out of the reach of my stick, which was in my hand; he was the only person in front of me - those who endeavoured to rescue him appeared thieves; I have seen them lurking about, not in the way a person would on business - three or four of them came near me; none of them were in front of me after the prisoner got away, but were while I held his arm; I never lost sight of him the whole time.
COURT. Q. Are you sure the person you ultimately seized is the person who had the parcel? A. I am - it was the prisoner.
THOMAS BUTLER. I am in the service of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Deacon
               



             and his partners. I was in the cart in Wood-street, and saw the prisoner step on the near-wheel, reach his hand over, and take hold of a brown paper parcel belonging to Mr. Minton - he lifted it up, and got it out of the cart, but knocked it against the top rail, which prevented his getting it out; he jumped down, and turned to run away, but Henman took him - four more rushed on Henman, and rescued him - he was afterwards taken: I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. How far did he run when the four persons rushed forward? A. Not out of the reach of the officer's stick; I saw no handkerchief over his face.


                  RICHARD 
                  MATHEWMAN
               



            . I am a clerk to Daniel Deacon and Sons. This parcel was in their cart.
Prisoner's Defence. I think the officer has learned the boy what to say; both their evidence correspond: it was a dark night - I had a red handkerchief round my neck; he swore at Guildhall that I ran twice round the cart to get away, but he is able to swear any thing for a better situation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
