







1858. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  PENNYCAD
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MURRELL
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FLOOD
               




            , were indicted for a 


               burglary, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Potter
                     



                  , widow
, on the night of the 27th of October, and stealing 8 pairs of shoes, value 5s., and 2 pairs of boots, value 5s.
            , the goods of the 
               
trustees of the poor of the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch



            .
MR. PHILLIPS' conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am constable of Norton Falgate. On the 27th of October, about nine o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners singing together at the Duke's-head public-house, High-street; as they were going out, I observed that Pennycad had a bundle - I asked him to let me see what was in it; Murrell said, "Old shoes, show the gentleman" - Pennycad said, they were his fathers, and he was waiting there to meet him - I asked where his father lived, he said, he did not know - I took them to the watch-house; I put them in separate places - I said to Pennycad, "I don't believe your story, where did you get them;" he then said voluntarily, "Well, I will tell you the truth; we were in distress, and we got them from Shoreditch work-house - I and Flood got over the wall, and Murrell waited outside" - I took three pairs and two odd shoes from Pennycad's bundle, and one pair he had on, and Murrell had one pair on his feet - the next morning, I asked Flood who went over the work-house wall with him; he said, Pennycad, and that Murrell waited outside.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am master of the shoemaker's shop, at Shoreditch work-house - the prisoners have been paupers there, and one of them worked in the shop; these shoes are the property of the trustees of the poor - I hung them up in the shop about four o'clock in the afternoon; it was then dusk - I found, about half-past eight next morning, that the window had been forced open.
PENNYCAD'S Defence. I applied to the overseers for relief; they pushed me out of the room, and said, "Go a thieving" - I was in want, or I should not have done it.
PENNYCAD - GUILTY. Aged 16.
MURRELL - GUILTY. Aged 16.
FLOOD - GUILTY. Aged 13.
Of 


               stealing only
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
