






1333. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     DRISCOLL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Blakelock
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BLAKELOCK
               



            . I am a solicitor
, and live in Sergeant's Inn. On the 24th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going through St. Paul's-church-yard


 with a friend; I was called back, and saw a gentleman with my handkerchief - I went to him, and found him holding the prisoners, he said he saw Driscoll take it from my pocket, and throw it to Moore. Driscoll asked me to forgive him, and said he had found it.


                  ISAAC 
                  FLETCHER JOHNS
               



            . I am a haberdasher, and live in Little Ormond-street. I was in a shop in St. Paul's-church-yard, and noticed the prosecutor and his friend passing, and the prisoners following them. I saw Driscoll take the handkerchief out of his pocket, just as he passed the door, and give it to Moore. I ran out, and seized them. Moore was putting it under his smock-frock - he struggled, and got from me. I called Stop thief! and he threw it down - I pulled Driscoll to it, and picked it up. Moore was stopped and brought back.



                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I was passing, and received them in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Driscoll presented a petition to the Court, begging for its lenity, and stating that he had been seduced by others into bad habits.
MOORE, Pleaded distress.
DRISCOLL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
