





685. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Keys
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a sawyer
, and live in Ashley-street


. On the 20th of December I went to work at eight o'clock in the morning, leaving this coat in my room- I returned at ten at night, and missed it; I had fastened my door, and put the key on the mantel-piece in the parlour - the prisoner lived in the back room, and I in the front; I found it upon his back on the 16th of February- he had left the house on the day it was taken without giving notice.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take the prisoner; the prosecutor had stopped him in the New-road - the prosecutor pointed out a place in the elbow where the coat had been mended; the prisoner had it on at the watch-house, and tore the elbow out.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  KEYS
               



            . I know the coat by a place which I had sewed up myself, and when I found him I said I knew it by another place in the elbow, which he has since torn out.
Prisoner's Defence. I have a witness who can prove I bought the coat three days before he lost it; I and my wife lived in the next room; the landlord had given me warning, as I could not pay the rent, and I left.


                  CHARLES 
                  KEYS
               



            . When I met the prisoner, he said the coat was not mine, but I am certain of it; I bought it second-hand, and have had it two years - there is a darn in it of my own work; I let him wear it at the watch-house, and he torn out the place in the elbow, which I had spoken of.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am horse-keeper to Mr. Gray. I was with the prisoner three months ago; I went to take a pair of shoes to him to mend - we settled our business, and came out to have a drop of beer; we passed a Jew in Tottenham-court-road, with a coat in his arm - he asked what he wanted for it; the Jew asked 4s., and took 3s. - it was between twelve and one o'clock in the day; I have often seen him wear it - I never examined it; I heard he was taken up, but could not go to the office to state this - I do not know what became of him after he left Ashley-street; I cannot swear to the coat - it appears to be the same.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
