





1969. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bigsby
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . On the 27th of July I saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from Mr. Charles Bigsby, who gave his address at the Hummums. I have called there, but cannot see him - he was coming out of the English Opera House


, about twelve o'clock at night - these gloves were wrapped in the handkerchief: Mr. Bigsby claimed it at the watch-house, in the prisoner's presence.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Where do you live? A. At No. 59, Tottemham-court-road. I am a porter, and work for any body - I was not in employ at the time- I had been in the gallery of the theatre - it happened in the Strand, near Southampton-street - the gentleman had a female with him - Roberts was present; he went and brought the gentleman to the watch-house - the Magistrate did not take Robert's evidence down - he said the gentleman had been there; we had some difficulty in getting the gentleman to go to the watch-house - several persons persuaded him not to appear; the gentleman said he could not say whether he had dropped it or not. I cannot find the gentleman - I have had another case here; I am not an officer - I was once accused of having a lamp in my possession - I was never charged with perjury.
COURT. Q. You say you saw this man take the handkerchief? A. Yes - he threw it over his shoulders.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I saw the prisoner take this handkerchief - Boston took him, and I went to the gentleman, who claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A painter and glazier. I live at No. 8, Feather's-court - I never wentby any other name - I have had cases here when I was a constable; I mean to ask for my expenses - Boston picked the handkerchief up.
Prisoner. Defence. I was going home when this man came and accused me of this - I had been to Gravesend.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
