






1979. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  ROBINSON
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PEARSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 2 shirts, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Francis
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am a laundress, and live at Islington. On the 20th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, these shirts were stolen off a horse in my parlour - the window was open - I had seen them safe ten minutes before - my house is open to a field - I found them at Hatton-garden, with the prisoners in custody - my husband's name is Henry.


                  ROBERT 
                  OLDFIELD
               



            . I live at Islington, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutrix. I saw the prisoners make an attempt at my grandfather's house - I followed them, and informed an officer, who took Robinson - I and a friend pursued, and took Pearson - I had seen them about the premises the day before - two came the first morning, the prisoners and another the next.


                  MARK 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in White-conduit-terrace. I was passing Oldfield's grandfather's premises, and saw him and his uncle watching the prisoners - I went on, and saw the prisoners standing by Titterton-terrace; I saw a person come from the front of the terrace, and speak to them - I ran for Keys, the officer: and as I returned, saw Robinson running towards me with something - Keys took him - I and Oldfield took Pearson - this was about eight o'clock in the morning.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. I was called, and saw Robinson running with something in his bat - he jumped over a ditch, and I after him; he threw the shirts down; I tookthem up, and secured him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROBINSON'S Defence. I found the bundle by the bricks, and took it up.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
PEARSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
