





343. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, one pair of boots, value 3 s., and one watch, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Tesnor
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of boots, value 3 s.; two pair of trowsers, value 6 s.; one bed, value 10 s., and one pillow, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joachim 
                           Gurr
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  COMMANDER
               



            . I am watchman of Limehouse. On the 20th of December the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and I found two pair of trowsers on him, which Gurr claimed. I also found a pillow and a bed at Walter's.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 19th of December, in the evening, the prosecutors informed me, through an interpreter, that the prisoner had enticed them from their ship, and robbed them. They afterwards brought him to the watch-house themselves.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . On the 17th of December the prisoner pledged a watch with me for 7 s., and on the following Monday Tesnor claimed it. On the 18th he pledged a pair of boots, which Gurr claimed.
DANIEL TESNOR (through an interpreter). The prisoner enticed us from our ship, and asked me to shew him my watch; he took us to a house kept by Marshall, in Gill-street


. I shewed to him, and he took it from me - I did not give him leave to pledge it; I saw him take it into the shop, but did not know what he was going to do with it. When he came out I asked him what he had done with it? He said he had pawned it, but I should soon have it again - I said I could not help it; he took a pair of boots from me without leave. On the 18th of December he took us to the Borough, and said he could get us a ship. He gave us a false pass, and left us there at a public-house at nine o'clock at night; Gurr was with me. Three days before that, he took us to lodge at Marshall's.


                  JOACHIM 
                  GURR
               



            . The prisoner came on board our ship, took us ashore, and said he had got a ship for us. On Monday I missed my trowsers and bed from the lodgings - I never gave him leave to take them. I afterwards found him in the street with my trowsers on; I found my bed at Walter's, who is a dealer in marine stores.
(Property produced and sworn to)
Prisoner's Defence. I meant to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
