






868. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PETTIFER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, a handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Radford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RADFORD
               



            . I live at Winchmore-hill. On the 6th of June, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in Long-lane


 with a friend, and near Smithfield I perceived something at my coat pocket, felt, and found my handkerchief out - I caught it as it fell. I put it inside, and saw the prisoner behind me - Pettifer passed me on the left hand; Morgan came between me and my friend. I walked forward, and looked Pettifer in the face; he turned his head from me - an officer came and took him, and desired me to hold him, which I did, while he ran across Smithfield and brought Morgan back. My handkerchief had been drawn quite out - I caught it in falling. Nobody but them were near enough to take it; it could not have dropped by accident. I think Morgan was nearest to me.


                  ROBERT 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a floor-cloth manufacturer, and live in the City-road. I was with Mr. Radford, and assisted in stopping Pettifer, who was close at his elbow.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am a City officer. I was in Long-lane, and saw the prisoners in company with another, and watched them from Charter-house-lane, down to Smithfield. I saw Morgan lift up Mr. Radford's pocket, put his fingers in, and draw the handkerchief a little way out; he went twelve or fourteen yards further, and Morgan took it quite out - the other two were close behind, covering him; I was on the other side, and saw Mr. Radford put his hand back, and lay hold of it. I ran over - he went and looked Pettifer in the face. I said, "Hold him while I fetch the other;" I ran across Smithfield-bars, and caught Morgan. The other escaped down Long-lane.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PETTIFER'S Defence. I was going to my lodging when Carlisle seized hold of me.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
PETTIFER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Life
            .
