






858. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HENSHAW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTTRESS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, one jacket, value 7 s.; one pair of breeches, value 1 l.; one round frock, value 1 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 6 d., and one shirt, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maynard
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am servant
 at the Bird-in-hand, Bromley, near Bow


. On Sunday night, the 16th of April, about ten o'clock, I was shutting up the shutters - I had put these things in a bundle, and was going to take them home to Stratford - a young man called me into the parlour to drink with him; I left my bundle in the tap-room, nobody was there then - I came out in a quarter of an hour, and missed it - I ran out, and saw some men on the road, they saw me, and set off running across the fields, and got away - I found the prisoners at Hackney watch-house that night, with the property.


                  ELIZA 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am servant at this house. On Sunday, the 15th of April, about ten o'clock at night, I saw Buttress in the tap-room; nobody else was there then - Maynard was in the tap-room; I had seen his bundle there - five or six others came in, who I cannot swear to; and in a quarter of an hour I missed his bundle, and told him - I was sure of Buttress, I had seen him on the Sunday before, at the skittle-ground, and then Henshaw was with him - I do not know whether he was in the tap-room or not.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am watchman of Hackney. About twelve o'clock on this night, I was asked if I had seen any one pass with a bundle, I said, No; they mentioned Buttress's name as one. I got another watchman, and we went to Buttress's house, at the bottom of Well-street; he was not at home - we went down the street, and there saw Henshaw standing by a post (it was between twelve and one), my mate collared him, and I saw Buttress run away, he was only a few yards from him - I followed, but he got off; and about half-past five o'clock, we found him at his brother-in-law's house, at the bottom of Pound-lane, concealed under two beds. Henshaw took us to a quickset hedge, about twenty yards from where he stood, and shewed us the bundle.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I went with Willis and saw the prisoners at half-past twelve o'clock; Henshaw stood by a post, in Well-street; I took him, a person ran from him, whom Willis pursued. I do not know who it was; I went afterwards, and found Buttress concealed between a mattress and two beds. When I took Henshaw, he said,
"It is the bundles you want, it is a pity they should be lost, I will shew you where they are." He did so.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I live at Stratford; and am a basket-maker. I know the prisoners by sight, I saw them together about half-past nine o'clock, or near ten at night, at the Three Crowns, public-house, Mile-end. Buttress came in, and asked for his cousin, Henshaw met him in the road; I saw them go into the Bird-in-Hand, public-house, together, and came out in about ten minutes, and go towards Hackney - Henshaw then had a bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  FOLKES
               



            . I live at Stratford, and take care of Mr. Howard's horses, he is a chemist - I was with Bailey, taking a walk; Buttress came into the Three Crowns, Henshaw joined him, we walked into the Bird-in-Hand, with them. I saw Henshaw take a bundle out of the tap-room, but did not know whether it was his.


                  JOHN 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I live at Bromley, about a quarter of a mile from the Bird-in-Hand. I was drinking with Maynard, in the parlour, and went after the men. Before that I came out of the parlour, and saw seven or eight in the tap-room, the prisoners were two of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENSHAW'S Defence. I was in the field, and saw two young men throw this bundle into the hedge.

BUTTRESS'S Defence. Five or six men rushed out of the house, and I went home quietly.
HENSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BUTTRESS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
