





232. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     QUIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 2 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hancock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am a smith
. I was at the White Lion public-house, in Oxford-street


; I took the prisoner there, and gave her a glass of gin; we did not sit down at all - she put her hand into my right - hand trousers-pocket, and took out my money which was loose; she ran away -I pursued and took her in two minutes, in Berner's-street- the officer found the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  FULLER
               



            . I took the prisoner, in consequence of what the prosecutor said - she was running down Berners-street, and the prosecutor after her: I told her the prosecutor said she had robbed him; she said she had not; Hancock said she had the two half-crown pieces in her hand- I went to take hold of her hand - she clenched it, and said she had no money of her own, or any body else's; he said she should go to the watch-house if she did not give them up; she would not, and we went to the watch-house; there was a charge there, and we had to sit down and wait - she dropped one half-crown; I did not see it, but a person unknown picked it up, and said it fell from her, but she denied it - the person threw the half-crown on the watch-house table - the prisoner said it was hers, and she would have it - she then threw down the other half-crown, and then took them both up; the watch-house keeper said "I insist upon your returning that;" she began to make a great noise, and said she would not; I held her hands while the watchman took her pocket, shook it over the table, and shook out two shillings - the prosecutor said that was the rest of his money - he had before said he lost 7s.


                  ANTHONY 
                  READ
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought in - the charges were rather numerous, and they were obliged to wait in the lobby; I was told the prisoner had dropped one half-crown; when they were brought in, the prosecutor said very distinctly that she had taken two half-crowns and two shillings - one half-crown was brought in by an individual from the lobby, who said it had dropped form her hand or her person; it was laid on the table; the prisoner threw down the other, and then said"It is my money - I have earned it," or some rather low expression, and she would have it; the watch-house-keeper said she was not to have it; she seized it with her hand - it was taken from her, and her pocket; she resisted a good deal, but when she saw we were determined to search, she appeared as if she would strip - we took from her pocket two shillings and a sixpence; the prosecutor had before described what he had lost; he did not claim the sixpence, and we gave it her for refreshment; the prosecutor was rather in liquor, and said before the Magistrate that it was two half-crowns, one shilling, and two sixpences; that is the reason of my being here.
Prisoner's Defence. When I met the prosecutor, he was taking to two women, and he said to me "Old girl, will you have a drop of gin - do you know where there is a house open?" I said "The Waterman's Arms public-house is always open;" there were four or five people in the house; I went out, he came after me, and said if I would go up a dark passage, he would give me 1s., and I refused - he swore, and said what did he give me the glass of gin for; he said "Wh-s could get as much in one night as he could in a week;" I pulled out part of my own money from my pocket, and he said "I will swear to the watchman you robbed me, if you don't go with me;" 7s. 6d. was taken from me, and they gave me the sixpence back; he said for a long time that I took one shilling and two sixpences, the money I had was my own; I met a gentleman who gave it to me; the prosecutor tore the collar off my gown, when he tried to get the money - he took hold of my neck, and wanted to take liberties with me; it was the watchman who got us into the public-house; he said if we would be quiet, be would get us in; I think the prosecutor and the watchman know each other, because they both said if I would give up the money, they would say nothing about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FULLER
               



            . The landlord called me to the house to turn some disorderly persons out, and while I was at thedoor this happened; I live next door to the prosecutor almost; it was between twelve and one o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
