





839. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 12 combs, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Broxup
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM BROXUP. I am a perfumer
, and live in Sloane-street, Chelsea


. On the 24th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner was stopped with these combs, which had been in a glass case in my shop that afternoon; he was a stranger to me; the twelve combs were worth 7l. - the case was not locked.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. They were not all found on him? A. No; they were different sizes.


                  MARGARET 
                  JONES
               



            . My husband is a gentleman's butler; I live at Mr. Broxup's. On the 26th of March I was at tea in the room behind the shop; about six o'clock in the evening I heard a noise in the shop; I opened the room door and went into the shop - I saw two persons standing there, one (taller than the prisoner) apparently reaching over the counter - the prisoner who was the other was standing behind him; they could get the combs out of the glass case by reaching over the counter. I went round the counter, and saw the glass case was disturbed; the tall man asked me for something - I paid no attention to that but said to him, "Where is the other man gone? what is he gone for?" (the prisoner had then gone out) - the other man said "What's the matter? Have you lost any thing?" I missed some combs; he picked up his hat immediately, and said he would go after the man - but he took a contrary direction. I went out and caught sight of the prisoner about fifty yards off - secured him myself and brought him back; one comb was found in his pocket and two in his hat.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you notice the prisoner when in the shop, so as to know him; A. Quite so.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBERRY
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to Queen-square Office, with three combs; I found a 5s. piece on him; also a farthing gilded to imitate a sovereign, and two new handkerchiefs,(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A young man ran out of the shop against me, and dropped the combs; I picked them up - nobody owned them, and I put them into my pocket: when the lady came and said she had lost them - I said,"Here they are," and gave them to her.
GUILTY. Aged 14.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
