





1289. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Tew
               




            .
JOHN TEW. On the 30th of May I was in Crown-court, Blackfriars


, between three and four o'clock - I heard somebody close behind me, and felt something at my pocket; I turned, and saw the prisoner turning from me; I felt, and missed my handkerchief, which I had just been using; a gentleman was coming in the direction I was going; the prisoner was close to him, and he said, "He has got it" - the prisoner immediately ran - I followed him, calling Stop thief! he ran up Dorset-street, to Hancock-yard, into a coach-house; I came up, and found him crouched down in the coach-house, among some stones; I told him to get up, and asked for my handkerchief - he said he had not had it. I saw the handkerchief laying as I was going along. I sent for a constable - he asked me what I detained him for; I said he should go, but I would have my handkerchief first; a person in the crowd then asked if I would let him go if I got it; I said I would have it first, and then I would see. I took the prisoner into Crown-court, and a woman gave me the handkerchief through the crowd. The prisoner then got through some railing, and I tried to get him out, but could not; two gentlemen came up, and got him out, I am certain the prisoner was the person I saw running away.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. Q. When you was in Crown-court did you observe me running? A. I did not see you till my handkerchief was stolen - you was then going from me; I observed no other person near me, but the gentleman who spoke to me. I was reading a paper; I believe he did say he saw a handkerchief laying down, and he would show me where it was. I did not ask the woman how she became possessed of it; the examination was put off to try to find her, but we could not.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was at work in a bake-house, and saw a handkerchief fall on the window, and, I suppose, was taken to the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  DENNET
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from the Borough, and was running to get into Chancery-lane - I came through the court, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw a crowd coming after me, and thought rather than they should take me I would run into the coach-house.
Mr. TEW re-examined. Q. What time elapsed from the time you lost your handkerchief till you got it? A Perhaps half an hour; I had sent some persons for an officer, but they could not get one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
