





1197. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, three gowns, value 30 s,; one petticoat, value 1 s. 2 d.; one spencer, value 19 s.; and two pieces of linen, containing three yards, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charlotte 
                     Tallis
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  TALLIS
               



            . I am servant
 to Mrs. Westwood, who lives in Jewin-street


, and keeps a chandler's shop. I have lived eleven years there. On the 16th of August, these things were locked in a box, in a back-room on the third floor; the prisoner had come to lodge there on the 15th of August, in the front room; the box contained the articles stated in the indictment. I got up at seven o'clock in the morning, but did not go into this room till about three o'clock, and found my box removed out of the back-room into his room. There were other lodgers on the second floor; it was broken open, and these things taken away; we expected him to return to dinner, but he never returned; on the 20th, my brother secured him in the Haymarket. I have never found my property; nobody slept in the room but him; the rest of the lodgers remain now.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WESTWOOD
               



            . I keep the house. I let the prisoner the room at 3 s. 6 d. per week. Tallis' box was kept in the back room. I did not get up till nine o'clock; he was gone then, and never returned. Tallis found her box broken open, and the things gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TALLIS
               



            . I lodge with my sister in this house. I was informed of this. I met the prisoner in the Haymarket; he looked at me very hard. I turned round and told my shopmates, that he had robbed me. I stopped him; he said he would give me a reference to where he lodged, and if he had got the money, he would make it up; he acknowledged it.


                  RICHARD 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I have lodged at this house nearly four years. I saw the prisoner the night he came to lodge there. After he was taken, he was brought to the house; the officer asked him what he had to say; he said, I do not deny it.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I took charge of him, for breaking open the box; he said he would not deny it, and we might take him and hang him, if we liked.
Prisoner's Defence. I contradict that I ever acknowledged it. I took the room, having heard of a job in the neighbourhood; and in the morning when I went to work, the master said he could not employ me, which was the reason I did not return.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
