






1232. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOBDELL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, one coat, value 1 l.; two pair of trowsers, value 1 l.; two waistcoats, value 10 s.; one shirt, value 5 s.; one petticoat, value 4 s. 6 d.; one pair of drawers, value 1 s. 6 d.; one apron, value 1 s. 6 d.; one night cap, value 1 s., and six yards of corduroy, value 16 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Chappell
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Buncombe
                     



.


                  RICHARD 
                  CHAPPELL
               



            . I keep the Globe tap, Shoe-lane
. I occupy a room at 
               
                  John 
                  Buncombe
               



            's, in Shoe-lane


. I saw these things safe, about an hour before they were stolen - they were locked in a box, in the two pair back room. The prisoners were entire strangers. On Saturday, the 20th of July, between two and four o'clock, a neighbour came, and told me something - I went up stairs, and double locked the bed room door. I saw the two prisoners going backwards and forwards in Shoe-lane; I lost sight of Hobdell, and kept my eye on Roberts, who stood by St. Bride's workhouse gate. I watched him for half an hour; he went quickly by the house into Fleet-street, and went back again - I kept watching him. I saw Hobdell come out of the private door of the house, and run with him, and give him the bundle - I pursued them both into Fleet-street; they both ran towards Fleet-market, but on opposite sides of the street. I took Roberts just by Bride-lane, with the bundle - I brought him back, and sent for a constable. The bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment, all of which I know to be mine. I went to my lodging, examined my box, and found the whole room ransacked; the lock had been opened by a key. On the Tuesday following I saw Hobdell, and am quite sure of him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You live in a room in Buncombe's house - A. Yes; he lives in the house. I know his name is John, because I sent to him to know, and he gave me a receipt for rent in that name. I saw the prisoners in my tap together, about a week before the robbery. I watched them for an hour and a half before the robbery, and can swear to both of them.
Prisoner HOBDELL. Q. Was I dressed the same when you took me as before - A. No; he had a long brown coat on at the time of the robbery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THORN
               



            . I live opposite the tap in Shoe-lane, and am a shoemaker. I have known Roberts eight years, and Hobdell two. On the 20th of July, about half-past one o'clock, I saw Hobdell pass my shop window; I went to the door to watch, and saw Roberts coming; on seeing me he crossed the way; they joined at the bottom of the lane, by Fleet-street, and had some conversation - Hobdell left Roberts, and went into the private door, of No. 113, where the prosecutor lodged - he came out in half a minute without anything, and joined Roberts seven or eight doors off. I saw them talking together - I went and told Chappell; he went up to fasten his door, and in about an hour and a half, I saw Hobdell going towards Fleet-streetwith a bundle, and beckoning to Roberts, who was watching at the corner of a passage; he followed him very fast, and when they got a few doors down Fleet-street, Hobdell handed the bundle to him. I pursued Roberts, and stopped him at the corner of Bride-lane, and Chappell came up. I saw the bundle opened; it contained clothes. On the Tuesday following, I saw Hobdell in custody, and am positive of his person.
Prisoner ROBERTS. Q. Are you certain you saw me following Hobdell - A. I am. He took the bundle on this side of Fleet-street, and ran across.
Cross-examined. Q. You knew Hobdell before - A. Yes. I did not know where he lived at the time. I believe Buncombe's name is Benjamin. I went to fetch his name, and saw him write it - the first letter was B.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable of St. Bride's. I know Buncombe keeps an eating-house in Shoe-lane. I do not know his Christain name. I was sent for to take charge of Roberts with the bundle. I found a bunch of common keys in his waistcoat pocket, three of which open the prosecutor's bed-room door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and stopped Hobdell on the Tuesday.
Cross-examined. Q. Roberts's son rose the cry - A. I believe he did.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOBDELL'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
ROBERTS - GUILTY. Aged 33.
HOBDELL - GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
