





815. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BREAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 1 piece of lawn, containing 12 1/2 yards, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Orlando 
                  Stone
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Orlando Stone, of Fish-street-hill; the prisoner was in Mr. Stone's service, and left about two years ago. On the 26th of February, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, he came into the warehouse, and inquired for Mr. Robinson, who was in Mr. Stone's service at that time - he wished to know if we had any calicoes similar to those he had before - I understood he had bought some before; I told him Mr. Robinson was engaged: I entered into conversation with him for about ten minutes, and then went to the opposite side of the counter, to look out an order, and while there the prisoner walked into the warehouse adjoining; I followed him, and in about a minute discovered that a piece of lawn had been removed from the shelf where I had observed it two hours before: I immediately went forwards to the shop, and informed Mr. Robinson; I detained the prisoner till a constable was fetched - I believe the prisoner was not aware of his being sent for; he came in ten minutes to the door of the house, and when the prisoner left I followed him to the door; I saw the constable lay hold of him: he took him into a court, searched him in my presence, and took from his right hand pocket a piece of lawn done up in paper, with our private mark on it - he was taken into the private house; and before Mr. Stone came down he said, "Hodgson, do you think Mr. Stone will prosecute me?" I think I said I thought he would; he exolaimed, "Oh, Lord! Oh, God!" Mr. Stone came down, and gave charge of him; he implored forgiveness. The lawn is worth 15s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes, I lived with him five years ago, and know nothing against him. I am fearful he has fallen into the habit of drinking; he smelled strong of wine at the time; and a bottle of wine was found in his pocket, but he knew very well what he was doing.


                  THOMAS 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a constable, and was sent for The prisoner was charged with taking the lawn; he said he hoped Mr. Stone would forgive him; I found two pieces of Bandanna handkerchiefs in his hat, and this lawn in his right-hand pocket. I found two other pieces at his lodging, which Mr. Stone claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not appear to have taken too much? A. Certainly he was intoxicated.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. STONE. The prisoner lived in my service, and left eighteen months, or two years ago; when I was called down he asked me to forgive him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
