





368. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  AYLWARD
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Lewellen
                     



                  , in the night of the 7th of December
, and stealing three pairs of trowsers, value 2 l.; three waistcoats, value 1 l.; a coat, value 2 l.; three jackets, value 3 l.; a pair of breeches, value 1 l., and part of a coat, value 1 l., the goods of the said Frederick Lewellen and 
                     
                        James 
                        Aylward
                     



                  ; six tea-spoons, value 1 l., and a pair of trowsers, value 10 s., the goods of the said Frederick Lewellin, and a hat, value 10 s.
            , the goods of John Aylward.
FREDERICK LEWELLEN. I live in Newmarket-street, Wapping


. I am married to the prisoner's sister-in-law. On the evening of the 7th of December, he was visiting at my house, and left about twelve o'clock at night - I was the last person up, and saw the house fastened up; about about one I heard the dog barking, as if it was being carressed; the prisoner was acquainted with the dog - when I got up at eight o'clock in the morning, and found an entry had been made in the cellar flap, which was found open; it was shut down the evening before, but he had been in the cellar, while he was in my house - I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from the shop-window - I went to the prisoner's lodgings that morning, and found part of the property, and the officer found a phosphorus-box in the prisoner's trunk, with part of the property; it was all safe when I went to bed; the whole is worth 15 l.; the prisoner's brother John, is my partner; the rent and taxes are paid out of the profits of the concern.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are you sure this was not done in a joke? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and found part of the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing, but not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
