





651. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 2 guns, value 3l. 15s., and 2 gun-cases, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Parkes
               




            .
BENJAMIN PARKES. I am a broker
, and live at Turnham-green


. I had two guns and two gun-cases at my door on the 19th of January; I missed them about one o'clock; I inquired about them, and about two o'clock I found them at the Hand and Flower public-house, between Kensington and Hammersmith, and knew them to be mine - I saw the prisoner coming from the Hand and Flower, and I took him into custody. I had seen him and another about my house a little before I missed them.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            . My husband keeps the Hand and Flower. On the day in question I went into my tap-room, saw the guns there, and took them into the bar; I saw the prisoner going into the back premises - I followed him, and said, "Are you one of the prisoners? there is a cry of thieves about;" he said, "I brought the guns into the house, but the other gave me 6d. to bring them:" another person, a head and shoulders taller than himself, came in with him. I gave the same guns which they brought to the prosecutor; I believe the prisoner got out of our back premises, and got over into the road.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIPPEN
               



            . I met the prisoner and Matthew Webb on Hammersmith-terrace, at a quarter-past one o'clock on the 19th of January; the prisoner had a boxcoat, and Webb two guns; that was about two miles from the prosecutor's house.


                  JAMES 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I was down at Chiswick, and met Webb and the prisoner; the prisoner had two guns, and Webb a large coat.


                  JAMES 
                  RYAN
               



            . I live at the Hand and Flower. I saw Webb come in that day, with a great coat, and he called for a pint of beer; I went to get it, and when I came with it the prisoner was there, with these guns by his side.
Prisoner's Defence. I came from home to go to Ham; when I came up to the Hand and Flower, a young man asked me to carry the guns, and gave me 6d. - I never had them in my possession, but I went into the house, and they were put down; the young man then went out backwards, and this lady came in and saw the guns - I went to see for him, but could not find him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
