






554. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WYLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, one 1 l. Bank note, and 5 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Holder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLDER
               



            . I live in Southampton-court, Holborn, and am a statuary-mason
. On Saturday, the 27th of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was standing at the door of No. 6, Lawrence-street, St. Giles's


, and going to pay my labourer some money that I owed him. I thought I saw him cross the street, I turned round, and saw the prisoner, Smith, she immediately pushed her hand into my right-hand breeches pocket, and took out a 1 l. note and 5 s. 6 d., and ran into No. 6; the 5 s. 6 d. was wrapped in the note. I followed her into the house, and laid hold of her by her wrist - she handed the money over her shoulder to the other prisoner, who was in the room - (she was not present when it was stolen.) I found it was a bad house. I was going to secure them both, they cried out, and about a dozen more women came in with one man, struck me, cut my eye, rescued them, and beat me out of the house. I fetched a constable and returned, but could find neither of them. In about a quarter of an hour I saw Smith about a hundred yards from the place, and the constable took her - I am positive she is the woman. Wyley came to her at the watch-house, and was secured.


                  JAMES 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a beadle. Holder applied to me, I went to the house with him, it was full of bad characters, both men and women. I did not find the prisoners then. In about a quarter of an hour we saw Smith - she answeredthe description he gave me. She ran from Lawrence-street to Bainbridge-street, I secured her. Wyley followed her to the watch-house, and was secured.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
WYLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
