





988. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     RAFFIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 5 pairs of shoes, value 9s. 6d., and I pair of boots, value 16s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Preston
                     




                  , his master
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRESTON
               



            . I keep a shop
 in Seacoal-lane


 -The prisoner was in my employ on the 1st of March, and on the 3d of March I missed my boots and shoes, which were safe in my shop about twelve o'clock on the 2d of March; I was in the habit of taking my goods home at night, and when I went that night I could not get admittance - the next morning I sent my lad for the goods; he came back, and gave me information - I went, and we could not get in; I went with an officer in the evening, about ten o'clock - the property was gone; we raised a ladder, and found the prisoner in a top room.

Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long has the shop been opened? A. I think about a fortnight; it had been empty, but I do not know that loose persons went to sleep there - the prisoner used to sleep there; I had his direction from his brother, and had him taken into custody - I live in Moor-lane.


                  CHARLES 
                  SENIOR
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker. On the 2d or 3d of March, a man came into my shop with five pairs of mended-up shoes, and asked my 6s. for them - I gave him 5s.; on the 5th of March the prosecutor came and claimed one pair of them; I bought them of a man a good deal like the prisoner, but cannot swear it was him.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q Are you in the habit of buying of many persons who hawk shoes about? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  BARNET
               



            . On the 2d of March, in the evening, I bought this pair of boots, but I do not know of whom - it was a person I never saw before; I do not think the prisoner is the person - I said so before the Magistrate, because the person - I bought them of was very dirty; he was about the prisoner's size - I do not think he is the man.


                  ANTHONY 
                  REPTON
               



            . I took the prisoner in Maidenhead-court; I received these boots from Barnet, who said he bought them of the prisoner - the prisoner made no answer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
