






454. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WEEDON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 coal skuttle, value 3s.; 1 kettle, value 1s.; 4 ozs. of worsted, value 1s., and 4 ozs. of thread, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Simpson
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  YOUNG
               



            . On the evening of the 2d of February, about nine o'clock, I was going down Uxbridge, and saw Cox, whom I knew, with something under his arm, in the shape of a coal-skuttle, and another parcel; I went down the town a little further, and told a young man what I had seen; I then heard of the robbery. I believe Weedon to be the person who was with Cox, but I cannot swear to him.
JOHN SIMPSON. I am a carrier
, and live at Iver. I was at Uxbridge


 on the evening of the 2d of February - I put up my horse and cart at Mr. Glover's, who keeps a shop in the town. I bought a coal-skuttle and a fish-kettle, some worsted, and thread, which I put into my cart; I missed them about nine o'clock, and went to look for them - I came back again, and made some inquiries; I then went to Mr. Farrow, the constable - just as I got to Uxbridge I had seen Cox looking over the tail-board of my cart - I mentioned this to the constable, but did not see Cox any more that night. I went with the constable to Cox's house, but did not find any thing.


                  JOHN 
                  FARROW
               



            . I am the constable. On this night I searched Cox's house, and found nothing - he denied all knowledge of it, but from the trepidation in which he was, I thought he had had it. I went down to a young woman in Chequer-yard, with whom he cohabits - she said he had been in company with Weedon; I then went to Weedon's and accused him of having taken the property; he said he had not; I said he had, and Cox said so - Weedon said,"What a d-d liar he must be, for he had taken it himself" - that he (Weedon) had drawn the cart from Mr. Johnson's to another house, which was in the dark, and there Cox took the property out; Cox said afterwards that Weedon drew the cart on to the place in the dark, and then Weedon took out the property. I then told Weedon to go with me to where it was, and he took me to a hay-rick in a field, where I found it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Cox's Defence. I know nothing of it.
COX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WEEDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
