





763. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CAMERON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, one scarf, value 8 s.; one pair of gloves, value 2 d.; one bag, value 2 d.; one pair of stockings, value 6 d.; one napkin, value 3 d., and one pen knife, value 3 d.
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Woodley
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ESTHER 
                  WOODLEY
               



            . I am an unfortunate woman, and live in Market-street, Fitzroy-market


. I met the prisoner on a Sunday night in April; he went home and slept with me that night. When I went home I put the articles stated in the indictment in my box, which I locked and put the key in the table drawer - I locked the room door. He left about eight o'clock in the morning; I locked the door after him, and went to bed again. I got up in about anhour, and found the key in the table drawer, and the box locked, but the things gone. Nobody had been in my room all night. I did not know him before. On the Wednesday night, I saw him in Piccadilly, and told a young woman he was the man who robbed me - I followed him down Duke-street, and gave him in charge. I have found none of my property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLCOCK
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutrix gave the prisoner in my charge on the 24th of April.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a labourer - I have known the prisoner about two months, he lodged in the same room with me. On the Sunday before he was taken, I saw him at his lodging about ten o'clock - he then went out, and did not return till half-past eight o'clock the next morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
