





406. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, one cradle, value 5 s., and three baskets, value 3 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WARD
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Scott
               



            , who lives in the Hay-market. On Sunday, the 27th of February, I saw the prisoner in Catherine-street, Strand, with a cradle and three baskets, which I knew to be my master's. I stopped him, and asked him where he got them? he said, from your master - I did not know him. I said,
"I suppose you did." He then threw them off his shoulder, and said he bought them of a man in Westminster. I took them up, and told him he might follow me if he liked; he said he would follow me as far as I went. When we were in the Strand I took a nail out of his hand, he then ran away. I followed him, and he was stopped in Chandos-street. I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . My shop is in the Haymarket


. I locked it up safe on Saturday night; on Sunday I found the locks taken off the doors.


                  JAMES 
                  ULLING
               



            . I was with Ward, and saw the prisoner with the baskets.


                  JOHN 
                  TRIBUT
               



            . I am an officer. I received the nail, and compared it with the padlock of the workshop - it fitted the marks on the door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up St. James's-street, and a man sold them to me for 7 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
