





217. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TAPP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 2 half-soverigns, 2 crowns, and 2 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Dale
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES DALE. I live in Maidenhead-court, Aldersgate-street, and am a green-grocer
. I employed the prisoner on Saturday, the 24th of December, to work for me, and discharged him at night - I was awoke by my wife soon after three o'clock in the morning, of the 25th; she asked if I had fastened the room door; the prisoner did not lodge there - I had fastened it. My purse was in my trousers pocket, on a chair in the room, by the fire place; a person could not get at it without forcing the room door. I got up, and found the door had been forced open - a little force would do it - my purse was taken out of my pocket; I am sure there were some sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and two crowns. I know I had 4l. 10s. in all. I had ordered the prisoner to go at eleven o'clock, and he said he was not particular, and I said he might stop till twelve. I closed the door at half-past one - whether he concealed himself in the house I do not know. He was found in the house, and my purse taken from him at the watch-house, with four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and two half-crowns in it.


                  JAMES 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called to the house, and found the prisoner in the green-shed, concealed behind the door, and saw the purse found upon him.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a watchman, and saw the money found upon the prisoner.

- EDWARDS
            . I was constable of the night. I found the purse in the prisoner's coat sleeve.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
