





1781. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and the sum of 6d. in copper money
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Swain
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  SWAIN
               



            . I am the wife of Stephen Swain. On the 10th of September we lost 5s. out of the till, in our shop, in Chad's-place, Gray's Inn-lane


 - I went up stairs, a quarter before three o'clock, to fetch my baby down - I left no one in the shop; a person had been in the shop about two minutes before, and asked for change for half a sovereign; I looked, and had but 8s. 6d.; I then went up to get the child - it was cross; I just showed the child the garden from the window, and I heard the prisoner knock on the counter - I came down, and was struck with his appearance; he said, "How do you sell these apples?" I said, "Two for a halfpenny;" I gave him two; he gave me a halfpenny, and I put it into the till - he went away; I looked round to see if any thing was gone - I then drew out the till, and missed the money; I ran out with my baby, and called to him to come back - he set off running; I overtook him; I asked him for the money - he said he had no money, and had taken none.


                  JOHN 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am an officer. I came up, and took the prisoner; the prosecutrix said she had lost five shillings - I found on him four shillings, one sixpence, 4 1/2d. in halfpence, and one penny piece - he said he had it of his sister, who lived at No. 82, Chapel-street, Somer's-town -I went there, but there was no such number.
Prisoner's Defence. I had but just got in the shop when she came down: I bought the apples, and went out; I heard a cry of Stop thief! looked back, and the prosecutrix came up - the money found on me I got at my sister's, at Somer's-town.


                  MARY 
                  KELLY
               



            . I lent the prisoner, who is my brother, five shillings, and pawned a handkerchief to make it up - this is the duplicate of it; I kept him twelve months after the death of his mother - I could not keep him longer, as I have a child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
