





848. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, four sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Krinder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KRINDER
               



            . I am a sugar baker
, and live in King Edward-street. On the 25th of May, I had spent the evening out, and met the prisoner between one and two o'clock in the morning, in Montague-street


 - I was quite sober; as she passed me she pretended to be drunk, and staggered against me; I laid hold of her to keep her up, and immediately felt her hand in my trowsers pocket, where there was four sovereigns. I said,
"You are going to rob me;" she said, No; I felt and missed them - they were safe half an hour before. I threw her down, and said, she had robbed me, and called Watch! he came, and held her hands while I took three sovereigns out of her right hand, and at the watch-house the other was found in her mouth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARON
               



            . I am watchman of Montague-street. I heard the cry, went up, and found the prisoner on the ground - Krinder was not holding her; she cried Watch, also. I saw her grasping her hand, and asked what she had got; she said,
"It is my money, watchman." I held her arm, and Krinder took three sovereigns out of her hand. I took her to the watch-house, and Partridge found the other sovereign in her mouth.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, charged with stealing four sovereigns; she denied having anything about her. I found a sovereign in her mouth - Krinder was sober.
Prisoner's Defence. He followed me from Whitechapel-church to my lodging, took me down a court, and put 4 s. in my hand, as I thought - I refused to go there, and he called Watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
