





1324. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, forty-eight pairs of shoes, value 2 l. 15 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Homan
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Gregory
                     



.
CHARLES GREGORY. I am eleven years of age, and am in the employ of Mr. Daniel Homan, shoemaker
, of Goldsmith-row, Hackney-road. On the 31st of August, he counted out forty-eight pairs of shoes, and put them into a market-basket, with a blue handkerchief over it, which he gave me to carry to Mr. Homan's, in Shoreditch. When I got as far as Shoreditch-church, I saw the prisoner, who said he would give me 1 d. to go with him down Bateman's-row. I went there, and put down my basket at the end of Princes-street, Bateman's-row


, and sat upon it; the prisoner then snatched it up, and I saw him and another boy running away - the prisoner had the basket. I went home and told my master. I saw him again on Saturday, the 3d of September, when my master and I were in Old Street-road. I called Stop thief! - he ran away, and my master overtook him.
DANIEL HOMAN. I was with my boy on the 3d of September - he cried Stop thief! and I took the prisoner, who said, what did I collar him for. I said "For stealing some shoes;" he said he knew nothing about them. I asked what he ran away for, and he said my boy hit him a punch in the mouth, and he ran away from him.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody, and begged the boy to be particular in identifying him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Kingsland-road, and the boy came up to me while I was looking to see what o'clock it was, and I said "What are you looking at me for;" he said "I will give you a slap of the mouth."I then ran away, and the gentleman came and took me; the boy came up and said, I had sent him on an errand, and took away his shoes, but I never had seen him before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
