








NEW COURT. (3d DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, First Jury. Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1723. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BUTCHER
               



             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ALDSWORTH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October

, five hundred bricks, value 10 s.
            , the goods of our Sovereign Lord the King; and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
SECOND COUNT stating them to belong to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Crocker
               



            .
Mr. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD CROCKER. I am employed by the Board of Works at the alterations in Downing-street
. There are a great many bricks in the Treasury yard



 - the yard is open in the day time, and affords a passage through the Treasury into the Park - there is no passage of a night, but it is open towards Downing-street; the bricks there belong to Government, but are under my care. The prisoner Aldsworth was employed there by Mr. Whitehead, as bricklayer's foreman
: Butcher was a bricklayer there - a man of the name of Kelly was employed as a labourer. I do not know Adams. I had never given any authority for the disposal of these bricks - there is a watchman employed by the office, but he does not go out of the Treasury yard.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Were they new bricks: A. Some new and some old - they were the property of Government.
COURT. Q. Describe the place where the bricks were? A. You go up Downing-street, and there is a board as you enter it - the new bricks lie on the left hand side, and the old ones are about in different places.


                  GEORGE 
                  WINGATE
               



            . I am apprentice to the prisoner Adams. I remember removing some bricks on Wednesday morning, the 12th of October, with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ball
               



            , the labourer. My master had given me orders to go the night before; Cronin drove the cart; I did not know where we were to go - we went about a quarter before five o'clock into Downing-street, and turned round to the right into the stable-yard - there were some old bricks about the yard, and some new ones placed up; we found Butcher, Aldsworth, and Kelly there - they told us to throw up the bricks, and helped us to do so; the cart was then driven to my master's cellar in Gardener's-lane, and the bricks shot in there; I had got the key of Adams; I left Thomas Ball in the cellar; I gave the key to Handley the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. What time was this? A. About five o'clock. I saw some old bricks and some new ones piled up; the cart was loaded with old bats, (which are broken bricks,) from houses that are pulled down - there were some whole bricks among them - it was Kelly who told us to load them.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Does not your master boy a great quantity of old and new bricks? A. Yes; the cellar is his general depository for all his building materials - I could not have distinguished these bricks from others.
COURT. Q. Did you ever go on such an errand before? A. Yes; this was on the Wednesday before I went to the Magistrate.


                  JOHN 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Margaret, Westminster. On the morning of the 12th of October, I was on duty in Downing-street; the Treasury yard is in my beat; there are a number of bricks there; I saw the cart on the Tuesday, and on the Wednesday morning, about five o'clock, it drove into the Treasury yard empty; a man, named Ball, drove it; Butcher, Aldsworth and Wingate were with it; Kelly was in the yard; I do not know Cronin by name - I know Mr. Brown's carman; the cart staid in the yard about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; it was backed against some old bricks, and they began to load; I did not see Aldsworth do any thing - he is foreman there - Butcher assisted to load the cart with Kelly; I stood by the side; I thought every thing was right, seeing the foreman there - I gave some information on a former occasion.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are you confining your statement to what happened on Wednesday, the 12th of October? A. Yes; the Treasury watchman was not there; it was Cronin who drove the cart - I was mistaken in saying it was Ball - Kelly was the principal person who loaded it - he was a private watchman at the house of Mr. Delaney, of Downing-street, and went with the cart to the yard - Butcher helped to heave the bricks into the cart.
COURT. Q. What is the Treasury watchman's name? A. Ford; he leaves about five o'clock; the business begins about ten minutes afterwards; the parish watchman goes at six o'clock. I have often known persons to come to work as early as five or ten minutes after five o'clock.
JAMES BROWN. I am a builder - my workshops are in Gardener's-lane, opposite to Mr. Adams'. I have often lent him my cart. On the morning of the 12th of October, I was going home from the watch-house, being a constable, and saw my cart in King-street - Cronin was driving; it went into Gardener's-lane; I believe it had bricks and bats in it - they were put down, and I saw Wingate throwing them into the cellar - it is a narrow street, not above twelve feet wide - I cannot swear there were any whole bricks in it.
EDWARD CROCKER re-examined. Q. Is Kelly a labourer? A. Yes; he is also employed as a watchman at a house the back part of which is pulled down.
COURT. Q. What becomes of the old bricks? A. They are used in the work, and when the work is done, what have not been used will be sold by auction.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRONIN
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Brown. On Wednesday, the 12th of October, I went out with the cart, about a quarter before five o'clock, with Wingate and Ball; we went into the Treasury yard, where I saw Kelly, Butcher, and Aldsworth - Butcher, Aldsworth, Ball and Kelly loaded the cart with whole bricks and broken ones, which were taken from a heap of bricks lying down - I brought them to Gardener's-lane, and shot them down in the street, close to Mr. Adams' cellar door - Ball and Wingate were with me.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was this in the public-street? A. Yes, it was about half-past five o'clock - I do not remember seeing my master that morning.

Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. What time did you see Kelly? A. When I was in the Treasury yard. I cannot say that Butcher was there when I went, but he was before I came away; I stood at the head of the horse and cannot tell exactly what was put into the cart.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Margaret, Westminster. My beat is in Fludyer-street and King-street. I know Brown's cart; on Wednesday morning, the 12th of October, I saw the cart going empty up King-street, into Downing-street; it came back loaded with whole bricks and pieces, and went into Gardener's-lane; Cronin drove it; there was a person with it; I saw Butcher and Aldsworth walking together in King-street, after the cart; I saw Adams that morning but did not speak to him - I did not see the cart loaded or unloaded.
ALDSWORTH'S Defence. I know no more about it than this board.
ALDSWORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BUTCHER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
ADAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
