






720. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HASSELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, one watch, value 1 l.; one chain, value 1 s.; one seal, value 6 s., and two keys, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Moon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MOON
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 10th of May, at night, I fell in with the prisoner Holland, and went home with her. I went to bed at half-past ten, or half-past eleven o'clock, put my watch under my head, and fell asleep. I was sober. I awoke about daylight, and missed my watch; she was still alongside of me; I asked for my property, she said I had brought none with me - I missed money besides, and my waistcoat. I got up, and was going for an officer, she called me back, and gave me my waistcoat. I found my watch in pawn,
Prisoner HOLLAND. Q. You gave me the watch to keep till you got some money - A. I did not; I had money, and said I would satisfy her.


                  JANE 
                  SELBY
               



            . I live in Shakespeare-walk; my brother keeps a chandler's shop. On Friday night, the 10th of May, about eleven o'clock, the prisoners came to the shop - Holland had the watch - she put it on the counter, and said a sailor, whom she knew before, had come to her house, and had no money; that he told her to leave the watch for victuals, and to pawn it in the morning for 1 l.; she had some bread, butter, and bacon, which came to 6 s. I asked her if she was sure the seaman gave her the watch Hassell said she saw the sailor give Holland the watch. In the morning they both came for the watch, and asked me to advance 1 l. on it - Hassell said she would pawn it. I gave it to Holland, who gave it to Hassell. One of them waited while the other went and pawned it, and brought the money. I changed the 1 l. note, and took my 6 s. She was putting the ticket into her bosom, I said she had better leave it with me, for the sailor - she gave it to me - I gave it to the officer.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. About seven o'clock in the morning Moon applied to me. I apprehended the prisoners - they were both in liquor.


                  DAVID 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. Hassell pawned the watch, chain, and seals with me for 1 l. in the name of Dulon.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOLLAND'S Defence. He gave me the watch to pawn. till he got money.
HOLLAND - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of stealing, but not from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HASSELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
