





1460. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, 3 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Henlow
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HENLOW
               



            . I am a pensioner
. I was at the Cheshire Cheese, Grosvenor-road, Chelsea


, on the 2d of July; I took a man who I lodge with, and gave him a pot of beer - I saw the prisoner there; I had never seen him before - I had 7s. or 8s. in my pocket when I went into the Cheshire Cheese along with 
               
                  Jack 
                  Lowndes
               



            ; I had part of three pots of beer - the prisoner had come and set up the skittles; he then came and sat down on the right side of the form - a man said, "Have you any money?" Yes, said I - I put my hand into my pocket and I had not a halfpenny; I had just before paid for a pot of beer, and had the 3s. and some coppers in my hand - the people said to me, "There's the man that took it out of your pocket;" I said to the prisoner, "Young man, that is my money; give me my money" - he said, "No, it is my own;" he opened his hand - the man said to him, "If you don't give it up, I will knock your bl-y head off;" I said, "Don't hit him - I will send for a constable."
Prisoner. Q. Were not we playing at four corners, and you were my partner? A. No such thing; you did not lose any beer, you paid for none - I had more money than I lost; I had 7s. when first I went into the yard - I did not see you pull 2s. out of your pocket - to the best of my knowledge you did not play at all.


                  JAMES 
                  DONAHUE
               



            . I went in to look at the people playing, and saw the prisoner putting up the skittles; but I did not see him play - I saw the money taken out of the prosecutor's jacket pocket; I asked him if he had any money; he said, "I have none - I am done;" I said, "That is the man that took it;" I saw silver and copper in the prisoner's hand - I am a pensioner; I have been in the first Highland regiment - I never saw the prisoner in my life before; he said he had a good mind to knock my d-d little head off.
Prisoner. Q. Were we not playing at four corners? A. I saw them playing - I was no more in liquor than I am now; you had the money in your hand which you took from the prosecutor - it was silver and copper?


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN WRIGHT
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was sent for about eight o'clock to take the prisoner - the witnesses were perfectly sober; he was charged with taking money from the prosecutor's jacket pocket - he said he was not certain what it was; I took him to the watch-house, and put my hand into his pocket - he said,"I know what there is there; there is 9 1/2d." - I found 1s. 9 1/2d. in it - he said, "I meant 1s. 9 1/2d."
Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you 1s. 9 1/2d. at first - I had 2s. in my pocket when I first went in; I paid for a pint of beer, and had 1s. 9 1/2d. in my pocket? A. No, you did not.
Prisoner's Defence. Does it stand to reason if I were guilty, and had an opportunity to go, I should not have gone. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
