





1049. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COTTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WITHEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 3d of July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming along Hatton-garden, and saw the prisoner running furiously along, followed by Mr. Brown, and some other gentleman - before I could get up, the gentleman had caught him, and was bringing him back. I took him to the watch-house, Mr. Brown delivered the handkerchief to me.
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I belong to a public office, and live in Hunter-street, Brunswick-square. On the 3d of July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going up Holborn


 towards home; and near Hatton-garden


, I felt a slight touch at my back, turned round and saw a man (not the prisoner) who I suspected; I felt in my coat pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I then observed the prisoner running down Holborn-hill. I followed him; he turned into Ely-place, and when he entered a passage leading into Hatton-garden, I had got very close to him, and he dropped my handkerchief. I picked it up, continued the pursuit, and finding he gained ground, I called out - a gentleman followed - he turned round Charles-street, and in a gateway there was taken. I only lost sight of him as he turned the corners, and have no doubt of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I happened to be passing the corner of Bleeding Heart-yard, when a gentleman said he wanted me, and detained me till the prosecutor came up - and at the office he said he could not swear to my picking his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
