





1019. 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  NORTH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, a half sovereign, two crowns, two shillings, and a sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Terry
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD TERRY. I am a journeyman butcher
. On the 15th of May I fell in with a girl in White-lion-street,Whitechapel, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night. I was a little the worse for liquor, and had a purse with two sovereigns, a half sovereign, two half-crowns, two shillings, and a sixpence in it: I went home with her to a street in Whitechapel


; we went up stairs and I saw the prisoner there; she left the room; I then gave the other girl a sixpence, and fivepence farthing in copper; **** she called the prisoner, and said "Rebecca, you had better go with him:" the prisoner was on the bed with me, but got up and went down stairs directly; I then missed the purse, and all that was in it: I went down and caught her in the court, with several other women - she got away but I called the watchman, and she was taken a short time afterwards in my presence - there was 1 l. 14 s. 6 d. found on her, but I have not seen the purse.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard of the robbery and took her (in consequence of the prosecutor's description of her person) within about twenty yards of the spot: I said to the prosecutor
"Do you know either of these women?" and he pointed out the prisoner; I found in her hand one sovereign, one half sovereign, and 4 s. 6 d., which she said Jack had given her - the prosecutor appeared to me to be sober.
Prisoner. Q. Do I not live with a man? A. Yes, you live with a tailor; I saw him soon afterwards - I asked him what he had given you? he said 10 s.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIN
               



            . I was with Brown - what he has said is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  HART
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. I searched the prisoner, and found two half-crowns, two shillings, two sixpences, and eighteen-pence in copper, in her pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. The money was given me by the man who I live with - I had 10 s. in my pocket when I was taken to the watch-house, which was my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
