






1330. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BOND
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARKE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Watson
                     




                   from his person
            .
JOHN WATSON. I am a linen-draper
, and live on Holborn-hill. On the 28th of April, about nine o'clock in the evening I was between Brook-street, Holborn


 and Gray's-inn-lane


; I was walking along, and as I frequently do, I put my hand slightly to my pocket, and found I had no handkerchief - I was not more than two hundred yards from home - I had it when I left home; the moment I missed it I turned round, and saw Clarke going away from me, about five yards from me - I pursued, and collared him. I found my handkerchief in the left breast of his jacket. I dragged him into a shop. I saw a little boy dressed like Bond near him, but a few yards from him - two officers followed me into the shop, and they brought in Bond.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prosecutor in the street, about two hundred yards within the City. I had been watching the two prisoners for an hour. I saw Bond try Mr. Watson's pocket several times, without success, and just as he passed a tailor's shop by Brook-street, Bond took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and ran off directly - I pursued and took him, and found another handkerchief on him, which I had seen Clarke take from a gentleman half an hour before - they were together.
CLARKE's Defence. I picked up the handkerchief.
BOND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
