





663. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RENSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of February
, one pin, value 1 l.; one watch, value 2 l., and fourteen sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rooke
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Taylor
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  ROOKE
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Francis 
                  Taylor
               



            , in Little Bell-Alley, Coleman-street


. The prisoner lodged in the opposite room to mine; I have been a clerk
 in the Bank, and live on my pension; I lost the property stated in the indictment, at different times, from my box; I missed seven sovereigns and the watch on the 7th of March, it was an old silver one made for my father, and not worth much - I had not examined my box for months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 8th of March I was informed of this robbery, and took the prisoner at his lodgings, and told him Mr. Rooke had been robbed, and suspected him, he denied it; I took the keys of his box and opened it in his presence, and found seven duplicates, between the leaves of a book, one of which was for the pin, pawned for 5 s. on the 7th of February; next morning I told him the watch was found, and asked what he had done with the duplicate; he said, he had lost it out of his pocket; that he had six sovereigns, and bought a new pair of boots for two guineas, and paid 1 l. at a coffee-shop in Coleman-street, and had spent the rest.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Baylis, pawnbroker, Great Portland-street. On the 7th of February, the prisoner pawned the pin in the name of Grangely, and on the 5th of March the watch for 10 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
