





1575. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 1 gold chain, value 3l., and 1 nailbrush, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Phineas 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  PHINEAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer to the Sheriff of Middlesex
 - I live at Hanger-hill


. The prisoner was my
servant
, and had been with me for four months - on the 23rd of August I gave her warning, as we had missed several things from time to time; she then went down, and spoke to another servant - I heard a basket had been secreted; it was looked for, and this gold chain was found in it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you any other servants? A. Yes, the footman and housemaid; I am not aware that the footman gave the prisoner the chain; I had discovered the footman wearing my shirts, and he is now in Clerkenwell prison for threatening the life of the prisoner, who gave evidence against him for that offence- it was the prisoner who told me of that footman; I solemnly believe the footman did not give her the chain; she did live with a lady named Abrahams, and had a good character; I did not see the basket found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEARNEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Davis. I found the basket in the pantry, with this chain and brush in it - I gave it to Mr. Davis.


                  MARGARET 
                  DREW
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Davis. The prisoner showed me a chain, which I believe was this, when I had been there but a week; she said it was her own - she came into the kitchen one Sunday morning, and said her mistress was going to search her box, but she should not see all, as she would fill her basket out of it; I believe it was her own basket - it had stood by her bed side.
Cross-examined. Q. What time did she show you the chain? A. I cannot tell the time of day - it was in her hand; she did not say it had been given to her by the footman - I had seen the basket several times, and had seen it the morning it was found - she told me it belonged to her; I know it was the same basket by a string on it - I believe this to be the same chain as she showed me, but there is no mark on it; she showed me two chains - one was larger.
COURT. Q. She showed you a gold chain? A. Yes; it was about five weeks before this.


                  ROBERT 
                  EELES
               



            . I am constable of Ealing. I was sent for - Mr. Davis showed me a basket on a table, and a variety of other articles; this gold chain was among them - Mr. Davis asked me if I did not remember a gold chain being mentioned at the time the young man was brought up - I said Yes; he said, "This was the chain that was mentioned." As I was taking the prisoner to the watch-house, she asked me if it was any more harm to steal gold than any thing else; I did not know what answer to make - I might give some trifling answer, but I cannot recollect what; she asked what I thought she would be done to - I said it was not in my power to tell her that.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that the prosecutor had charged the footman with stealing this chain? A. No - he said that he had found him wearing one of his shirts: and previous to that there had been a gold chain missing - the prisoner was the witness against him.


                  PHINEAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . This is my chain - it was kept in my daughter's dressing-room; it was lost three months ago, some time before I took up the footman; when it was produced I asked the prisoner how she could stand by and hear of its being lost - she said, "I found it at the door."
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not charge her with stealing a knife? A. Yes; I asked my daughter to lend me a knife - she said Mary had one; she brought a knife to me which I had in use for twelve months -I called up the prisoner and from her answers I was satisfied she was the pilferer about the house; I think she had been there about four months, and the footman about six months - this basket was concealed in the scullery - the servants have access to it; I have had frequent opportunities of seeing the chain; it had been a watch-chain, and had three rings on it, but my daughter took them off - I believe it to be mine; my daughter is twenty years old.
Prisoner's Defence. It is my own chain.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
