





798. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     KEATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
 16 reams of paper, value 35 l.; 100 pocket-books, value 10 l.; 50 card cases, 2 l.; 8 lbs. of sealing-wax, value 36 s.; 11 printed bound books, value 2 l.; three account-books, value 14 s.; 23 skins of leather, value 7 l.; five packs of playing-cards, value 2 l., and 60 black-lead pencils, value 35 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Poole
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Andrew Richard 
                     Poole
                  



               
            .
MR. WALFORD conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  RICHARD POOLE
               



            . I am in partnership with my father, Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Poole
               



            , we are manufacturers of paper and pocket-books

, and live in Fetter-lane


. A man named Walter O'Donnel was in our employ in May last. We missed various articles, which were afterwards produced by Mrs. Andrews, in the lodgings of O'Donnel - he has absconded. The prisoner was a stranger to me. - Player gave me information - I went with him to Bateman's-buildings, and found the articles stated in the indictment. They were worth 86 l.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  PLAYER
               



            . I am a book agent, and occasionally deal in paper; I live in Hudson's-court, Strand. About the 6th of June the prisoner offered me some paper for sale - he brought me some patterns, and mentioned the quantity he had of each article and the price - it was marble paper. I told him the price was too high, and if he would leave his direction I would call. I called on him afterwards at No. 9, Barrett's-court, Wigmore-street, at his own lodgings. He said he had not got the paper there, but had moved it No. 3, Bateman's-buildings, Soho-square I went there next morning, it was Mrs. Andrews's house. I knocked at the door, he opened it; I went up stairs, and he shewed me a quantity of marble paper, about sixteen reams. I said it did not suit me; he asked more for it than I could buy it for at the manufacturer's. On looking at it I suspected it to be Mr. Poole's. He asked 2 l. for it. I said it was not worth more than 25 s. a ream. I went away and informed the prosecutor.


                  ELIZA 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I live in Bateman's-buildings. O'Donnel took a lodging at my house in the name of Daniels, at the latter end of May - my servant let it to him, he and the prisoner were together - they both came frequently to the house together and both frequently brought a great many parcels together - they appeared to be parcels of paper. I do not know that the prisoner ever came alone. I remember Mr. Poole and Player giving me information about the prisoner. He came next day with a stick, and asked if Daniels was at home? I said he was not, but that he had sent to me to desire I would give up all his property to two porters - that he had sent a note by a little boy, who I believe was his (the prisoner's) boy. He said
"No, I have not the honour to be his father." I said I had told the boy I would not give up the property to any person but those it belonged to, and perhaps he was come for it. He said
"No, I am not, for I am lame, and cannot carry it." He went away. I was not able to find any one to stop him. I beckoned him back, coaxed him into the house, and said I hoped he would not behave ill to me, but I should detain him as an accomplice, for bringing stolen goods into my house. The property was in the bed-room which they hired. He said he would not be detained, and began to cry. I said,
"You shall be detained," and my son being in the room said so too. A great scuffle ensued between me, my son, and him in attempting to detain him. He flew to the window, and attempted to break it to push the frame out; then he got to the street-door, and hurt me very much with his stick - he at last burst through the window and ran away. I called Stop thief! and he was secured.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you present when the room was let - A. No. I came home and saw O'Donnell, and acknowledged him as a lodger. The prisoner was present when they were let, and recommended O'Donnel to me - he said he lived in town, and that O'Donnell came from the country.


                  JOSHUA 
                  IVORY
               



            . I was called to assist in securing the prisoner about six hundred yards from the house. He ran into a room in Portland-street, Wardour-street. I pursued him hearing the cry. As soon as the door was openthe prisoner stood with the tongs in his hand ready to strike me, but I threatened to strike him and he surrendered. I said
"Is your name O'Donnel?" he said it was. I said
"You are the man I want" - Mrs. Andrews came up and said he was the man. I brought him down stairs, and on the staircase he tried to throw me over.


                  ELIZA 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live in Fetter-lane, nearly opposite to Messrs. Poole's. I have frequently seen the prisoner on the step, waiting for O'Donnell between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and on Sunday morning in particular. I have seen them converse together.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him go in - A. Once, and have seen both come out. I have seen O'Donnell bring property out in the morning before I thought Messrs. Poole were up, not when the prisoner was waiting.
MR. POOLE re-examined. I sleep in the house, and m generally absent on Sundays.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to my witnesses.


                  THOMAS 
                  THELLFALL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in James-street, Manchester-square. I met the prisoner in Oxford-street, and went to a public-house with him - it is a month ago to-morrow. A man came in, said he had bought some paper, and asked him to dispose of it for him. The prisoner said he did not like the job, that he did not understand it, and asked him where he got it from? the man said that was no odds to him. He gave the prisoner 2 s., and said he would settle with him when he saw him again. He gave him some sheets rolled up in other paper, and wrote down the price.
MR. WALFORD. Q. Did you expect to meet the prisoner - A. No. They appeared to know each other - they went away together.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
