





574. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CREMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 ham, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     King
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     King
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  KING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



             - he has left me these four years; I carry on the cheesemonger
s business, and live in Wellington-street, Goswell-street-road


. On the 21st of January, about half-past five o'clock, (my little boy had just come in, and was sitting by the fire,) I went into the room to get something off the fire-place- the prisoner came into the shop; I had lost a ham the day before, and had put a saw across this ham that they should not get it - the prisoner took off the saw, put it down, and took up the ham; I ran to him and said, "You had a ham yesterday, but you sha'nt have this to-day" - my little boy came up; he dropped the ham, and ran out of the shop - I pursued some distance, but was exhausted, and turned back; my little boy followed till he was taken- I had known him before.



                  WILLIAM 
                  BECKLEY
               



            . I was going down Brick-lane. I heard the little boy crying Stop thief! I cried Stop thief! and followed the prisoner; several persons attempted to stop him, but he threw every one that came near - I pursued, got hold of him, and kept him till my brother officer came up.


                  EDWARD 
                  HINDS
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw the prisoner come out of the shop, but did not know he had done any thing - the little boy came out of the shop, and cried Stop thief! I pursued - Beckley got hold of him, and the prosecutrix identified him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran after the thief; some person came and said I was the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
