






942. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CARR
               




             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HUGHES
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, a necklace, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Barker
                     



                  , widow
, from the person of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Barker
                     



                  , spinster

.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . On the 17th of April I was standing at my master's door, in Manor-row, Tower-hill


, opposite to the Mint - I saw the prisoners about half-past two o'clock, and watched them some time; they were in company together. I saw a little girl with some beads round her neck - Carr took them off, and they both ran away. I went afterwards with an officer, and pointed them out to him - when he took hold of Carr he threw the necklace down.


                  JOHN 
                  BALLINGALL WHITE
               



            . I am an officer. Andrews told me what he had seen, and soon after the two prisoners came towards us - he pointed them out: I took hold of Carr, who threw the beads from him. Hughes ran away, and was stopped by Mr. Wilson.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CHIDLEY
               



            . I know Mrs. Susannah Barker - she is near her confinement; she lives in my house: her little girl, Susan, is about two years of age; this necklace is her property: I know the child was out that day, with it on.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Carr running - he threw the beads down.
CARR'S Defence. I was going along Tower-hill, and picked them up.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HUGHES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
