





2005. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 2 planes, value 7s., and 1 saw, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Kitchener
                     



                  ; 2 saws, value 14s.; 2 planes, value 5s.; 1 axe, value 3s.; 1 square, value 1s.; 1 bevil, value 1s.; 2 gimblets, value 8d.; 1 basket, value 1s.; 2 centre-bits, value 1s., and 1 chalkline, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Newberry
                     



                  ; 1 saw, value 4s.; 1 plane, value 3s., and 1 square, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Barnett
               



            .
GEORGE KITCHENER. I am a carpenter and joiner
. I left these tools safe, at half-past five o'clock on the night of the 13th of September, in a hoard by the Duke of York's premises, in the Green-park


, and missed them next morning - I believe the shed was locked. The prisoner was a stranger.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 14th of September I saw Kitchener in Lawrence's shop, New-cut, Lambeth, where he identified a plane; I went into the back parlour, and found a basket containing the tools in the indictment, among others. I found the prisoner in custody of a patrol. I returned to the shop with a warrant, and found some more property.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWBERRY
               



            . I am a carpenter
. Some of these tools are mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  TRIBE
               



            . I am a carpenter, and work at the Duke of York's house. On the morning of the 14th of September I went to the Rose and Crown public-house; Kitchener said he had lost his tools; I went to the Newcut with him - he found some of his tools at Lawrence's; I saw Redman with some tools in his hand, offering them for sale; Kitchener's name was on them; he took me to the prisoner, at the Three Compasses public-house; McKear, the officer, was fetched, and found thirteen duplicates of tools on him.


                  JAMES 
                  McKEAR
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found thirteen duplicates on him - one of which relates to this property - I found a small tool on him; I asked his name - he said, they called him anything, and he lived anywhere.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENJAMIN JONES
               



            . I live with Mr. Wells, apawnbroker, Broad-street, Bloomsbury - I have two saws, which I saw the prisoner pawn at our shop, on the 13th of September, between six and seven o'clock - I am positive he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REDMAN
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live on Walworth-common - I was coming along the New-cut, and saw the prisoner with a basket of tools on his back, and said, "Shopmate, can you tell me of a job?" I had not seen him before, but he looked like a carpenter; he said, No, but he would give me a pint of beer; we went to get a pint of beer; he said, he was going to his brother's, at Charing-cross - I said, I would go with him, as I was going to Maddox-street; we got talking, and on theroad; he said, he would sell the tools as he had got a ship- I said, Laurence over the way bought them, but he had better not sell them; he said, Yes; he had some rent to make up - I went over with them to Laurence, who offered 6s. 6d. - the prisoner came over; he gave him three half-crowns, and he gave him 1s. - he said his name was Smith, and that he lived with his brother, who kept the Shades public-house, at Charling-cross - we went out to the public-house, at Charing-cross - we went out to the public-house, had some bread and cheese, and he asked me to sell two planes for him - I took them openly in my hand, and Tribe stopped me - I took him to the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know they were stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
