





465. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SUGDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , her master, 30 yards of silk, value 4l.; 20 yards of satin, value 30s.; 11 yards of poplin, value 14s.; 33 handkerchiefs, value 17s.; 1 veil, value 15.; 15 yards of cambric, value 5s.; 6 yards of gingham, value 5s.; 4 yards of lace, value 5s.; 5 caps, value 2s.; 10 yards of linen, value 10s.; 2 yards of flannel, value 1s., and 100 yards of ribbon, value 20s., his property
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a draper
, and live in Union-street, Mary-le-bone


; the prisoner had lived exactly a month with me as servant of all work
, and had nothing to do with the shop. About the 16th of January I missed this property - the value of the whole was from 12l. to 14l. - on Friday night last I had both her and the young man up stairs, and said that a length of silk was missing, and also a black lace veil: I insisted on searching their boxes, or I would sent for an officer - they were willing for us to do so; she said to my wife and sister, "You may search my box;" they both went up stairs with her, and my wife brought this property down, which I can swear to - she had eight guineas a year,


                  JANE 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister, and live with him. I was present when the prisoner and the shopman were called up and told that a black veil was missing, and a length of silk, and asked if they would have any objection to let us look into their boxes: the prisoner said,"Not the least in the world;" Mrs. Edwards and I went up stairs - the prisoner went first and my sister followed her immediately; her box was locked - she opened it herself with a key: I found in it five or six parcels done up in brown paper; Mrs. Edwards opened them - some contained the gros de Naples; there were three lengths, measuring thirty yards, worth about 4l., some calico for linings, silk handkerchiefs, caps, lace, ribbons, and a black lace veil; she remained in the room and cried, and said she was very sorry; we brought them down, and showed them to my brother - I served in the shop, and know them to be his; I had missed one length of silk, and the veil - I had seen them three or four days before.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



             re-examined. I know all this property to be mine by the marks; no one article is worth 5l. - they were missed at different times.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the court.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
