





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
883. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, three gowns, value 28 s.; a clock, value 6 s; a whittle, value 1 s.; three shawls, value 6 s.; an umbrella, value 1 s.; and a scarf, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Chapel-court, St. Clement's-lane


, and am a widow
. On the 28th April, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I went out, locked my sitting-room up, and latched the outer door after me. I have no lodgers. The street door could be opened from the outside. I returned in three quarters of an hour, and found it wide open; hearing somebody on the stairs, I called out,
"Is any one on the stairs?" no answer was made. I went up three stairs, and found some one was coming down - the stairs being narrow and dark, I stepped out into the street, and the prisoner came down with a large bundle and an umbrella in his hand. I let him pass me for several yards, and when he had got to the light, I saw my gown and cloak sticking out of his bundle. I stepped up, and caught hold of him, saying,
"My friend, this is mine." He said, it was no such a thing. I said,
"I insist upon having it." He threw the bundle at me, saying,
"Take it." I took it up, and called Stop thief! He was brought back in four or five minutes. I am sure of his person - the bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment, which were all in my room on that day - they are worth about 44 s. He had wrapped them in his own apron.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a constable. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a lad pursuing the prisoner. I stopped him in Stanhope-street, running as fast as he could, and Masters following him. I found a shawl in his hat, and the prosecutrix gave me the other things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  MASTERS
               



            . About a quarter to four o'clock in the afternoon, I was looking out of the window, and saw the prisoner with Mrs. Smith; he threw the bundle out of his hand, I ran after him, and saw him taken as he ran up a court, which has no thoroughfare.
GUILTY. Aged 37.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

