





1757. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 3 saddles, value 3l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Sealy
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a watchman of Saint Luke's. On the 20th of August I went into Crown-court, between four and five o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner coming along the court, and another person with him. The prisoner had three saddles on his right shoulder - I caught hold of him, and he immediately threw them down - I called a porter to assist me, and we took him to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Sealey; he is a livery stable-keeper
. On the 19th of August I locked up these saddles safe in his stables - I went to the Leaping Bar public-house, to sleep, and the next morning, when I went to the stable, I found the door open, and the watchman there. I then looked and found the first padlock broken off; the second stable was on a springlock, that was broken - the third stable had a padlock, and the staple of that was drawn out. I know these saddles to be my master's.


                  JAMES 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I am a porter. I was coming out of my door, and saw the prisoner in custody of the watchman; he told me to take up the saddles. I put them into my basket, and took them to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. I went to see where they had been taken from, and found two locks broken, and the staple of the other drawn.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARROW
               



            . I am a watchman. My brother watchman called me to assist him, which I did.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Golden-lane, about half-past four, and met a man, who looked like a groom; he asked me to take these saddles to Smithfield. Soon after I took them, he made off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
