





703. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     CAMMELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, one 5 l. and six 1 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hughes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 11th of May, I saw the prisoner in the taproom of the George and Ball, Westminster. She was acquainted with my shipmate. We had a little to drink. I was taken very unwell in the taproom, and said,
"If I could have half an hour's rest, it would do me good." She proposed that I should go to her room, and then I should be safe and not disturbed - it was ten o'clock in the morning. I went with her and left my shipmate behind. She shut the door and went out. I laid on the bed and put my handkerchief over my forehead and eyes. In a few minutes she came in and put her hand over my side into my trowsers-pocket, and took one 5 l. and six 1 l. Bank notes out in a roll together. I laid on my left side. I immediately felt her hand in my pocket and attempted to catch hold of it as it came out. I saw the notes in her hand and asked where she was going with that money. She ran down stairs immediately, and I followed - she got outside the door and shut it. I secured her in a quarter of an hour at a public-house door. I caught hold of her and she called for assistance. I was abused by the people, who surrounded and knocked me down. She escaped, leaving part of her gown in my hand. Next morning, about five o'clock, I was called up by the landlady of the house where she lived. I got a constable, went to the house, and found her door padlocked outside. We came down, and the woman sent us to another house in New-court, Duck-lane, where we found her under the bed. My 5 l. note was produced before the magistrate. I am certain it was the same - she gave it to the officer - I have since changed it. I knew it by the number, having just received it at the India House.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TURNBULL
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody - she afterwards sent for me. I told her, whatever she said I should give in evidence. She said she had robbed the man and given the notes to the woman - she told me where she was to be found. I apprehended the woman, and she denied it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
