





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1537. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 67 sovereigns, and 19 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Frost
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  FORST
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Tavistock-street, Bedford-square


. The prisoner was in my service at Midsummer last, and on taking stock I missed 200l. in money; in consequence of suspicion I went to the prisoner's room, with Sweetland, my brother-in-law; her box was searched in her presence - we first searched her drawers: she said they were my drawers, but the box was hers; she did not allow us to search the box willingly at first, but I said I would have it opened, and went out; I told her I was going for an officer; she then consented to have it opened; and Sweetland found, in my presence, sixty-seven sovereigns, and nineteen half-sovereigns - I made her no promise or threat: as soon as Sweetland took hold of the property, which was tied in a piece of rag, he said, "This feels heavy, like sovereigns; Whose are these?" she came and caught hold of me by the hand, and said it was my property - I asked how she came by it; she said she hadtaken them out of my bureau, which was down stairs in the parlour; she said the key was in it: I asked her several times how she got them before she told me, but said nothing to induce her; Sweetland said I need not ask her any more - that no threat or promise had been held out and if she chose to tell, it was of no consequence. I put the money into my iron chest, and sent for Valentine; she had lived about nine months with me: I kept money in my bureau, but never missed any till I took stock - it could not have been taken all at once, or I should have known it: I go to my bureau thirty or forty times every day - at times there is not 20l. there, and at other times 200l. or 300l.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SWEETLAND
               



            . I am Frost's brother-in-law. I searched the prisoner's box, and found the sovereigns - I said, "Whose property is this? surely they are sovereigns;" she then caught hold of her master's hand, and said, "They are yours, Sir, and I am sorry for it;" Frost was pressing her how she got them - I said as no threat or promise had been held out, it was of no consequence, and if she chose to tell without that she might; she said she took them by one and two at a time, as she had opportunity; I put them into the iron safe, and afterwards gave them to the officer.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched to Mr. Frost's - Sweetland gave me sixty-seven sovereigns and nineteen half-sovereigns; I cautioned the prisoner not to answer me unless she thought proper, and then asked if she had said it was her master's property before I came; she said Yes: I said, "Do you wish to say it is your master's property?" she said Yes.
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s only)
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
