






1377. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STRANGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, one watch-chain, value 2 l.; two seals, value 1 l., and one key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Robinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a cooper
, and live in Brittania-terrace, City-road. On the 7th of August, about nine o'clock at night, I was at the end of Castle-street, City-road


, going home, and heard a voice behind say,
"Now, draw it," and instantly the prisoners sprang from the corner of the street, caught hold of my watch chain, and pulled it with great violence. My watch was fastened by a chain round my neck - the watch ring broke, and he got the the chain, two seals, and a key; he ran down Castle-street, and I after him. I saw nobody near him - he was stopped before I lost sight of him, about a hundred and fifty yards off. I saw Harris at Worship-street next morning. My chain was picked up immediately after about a yard and a half from Strange.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Margaret-street, Hackney-fields. I was in Tubernacle-walk, and just before I got to Castle-street, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran to the corner, and saw the prisoner Strange running as hard as he could. I stopped him - he threw the chain and seals into the gutter. Robinson came up immediately.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I am a constable. I was standing at the corner of Chiswell-street, Finsbury-square, and met the two prisoners about nine o'clock, in company with three more; they went into the square, and stopped near the rails, and were in conversation together. I watched them at the corner of the City-road, up and down the pavement to and fro; they looked at several people who were passing, and presently Robinson came by; there was a strong gas light; several of them looked at him, and noticed his seals. I kept behind them, going towards Castle-street, and then Strange stepped a little forward, the rest being behind; Harris was only a few yards behind him; Strange got under the gas light at the corner of Castle-street. Mr. Robinson came up, the word Click was given by one of them. Strange instantly snatched at the chain, and went down Castle-street; I followed, and so did his companions for a few yards; there was a cry about twenty yards down the street of,
"D - n his eyes, knock him down;" I drew my staff out, and one of them was going to hit Mr. Robinson on the neck behind, but I knocked the person down; I do not know who he was. I came up with Strange at the moment Green stopped him - the rest immediately turned away. I knew Harris before by sight, and can swear positively to him. He was taken directly after in Providence-row; I saw him in custody an hour and a half after I took Strange to the watch-house.
Prisoner HARRIS. Q. Did you not bring a boy to the watch-house, and hold a light to him, and ask if I wasthe man - A. A boy said one man was taken and put in Shoreditch watch-house; I went and found Harris there, and immediately said he was one - I never expressed a doubt about him. I thought at first that he might be the man I knocked down, but on looking at him I saw he was not.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am a watchman of London-wall. I saw Harris in the evening in question in Providence-row, two streets from Castle-street, moving along with another person. Somebody was crying Stop thief! I pursued, and he ran another way. I stopped Harris in the middle of Finsbury market-place, without losing sight of him. He fell down, and I took him; he said it was only a lark. I gave him into Walton's charge, at the watch-house, not knowing what he had done.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the watch-house. Harris was brought in by Ingram, who said a robbery had been committed in the City-road, and believed him to be one of the party. I afterwards saw Bridges at the watch-house door, and said he was one of the party. I said,
"Have you got the swag?" he shewed me the chain and seals; he spoke positively to him.
Prisoner STRANGE. I committed the robbery, but Harris is innocent.
HARRIS'S Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran with the rest of the party; a man caught me in his arms; several gentlemen came up and said I was not the man. He let me go - I ran again in pursuit, and was taken. I said I believed it was only a lark.
STRANGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
