





197. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     TOWNLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, 1 tea-tray, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Turner
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live in Vine-street, Hatton-garden


. I lost a tea-tray, on the 22d of November, from inside my shop - I saw it safe about half-past four o'clock. and was called out by my servant a little after six; I saw the prisoner about one hundred yards from the shop - Mr. Gobby had hold of him; the tray had then been taken from him.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Is yours an open shop? A. Yes - the tea-tray was inside my shop a little after four o'clock; sometimes we put things outside - the lights were burning when my servant called me.


                  RICHARD 
                  GOBBY
               



            . I am a broker, and live next door but one to Mr. Turner. I was going by his shop, and saw the prisoner with the tea-tray in his hand - when I came up to him he put it down, and walked seven or eight yards; I suspected he did not want to purchase it, and crossed into an opposite shop - I looked through the window, and saw him come and take it again; a person came by, and he put it down again - he came again, took it up, and ran off with it; I ran after him - when I came near to him he dropped it; I jumped over it, and took hold of him - he seemed intoxicated; I took him back to the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he got is looking at, like a purchaser? A. I did not think he was a purchaser - he did not look so much at the tray; he seemed looking at the people who were passing; he put it down when any one passed - I immediately followed him; he only turned once before I came up to him; I was only three or four yards behind him when he turned the corner.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I received the prisoner into custody, with this tray.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, and had no knowledge of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
