





SIXTH DAY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18.
282 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     RUSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, one shirt value 4 s.; one hat, value 3 s. 6 d., and two pair of stockings, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Clynes
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  CLYNES
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Clynes
               



            , who is a labourer
, and lives in Hopkins's-street, St. James's


; the things were in our room on the second floor; the prisoner lodged on the same floor for five weeks - I let him a bed. On the 27th of October, after my husband was gone out, he got up, and went down stairs with his shoes off. I saw him take my husband's hat after he had put his own on, and asked him what he took it for? He made no answer, but ran off with that and the stockings under his arm - I missed the other things. He was apprehended about five weeks after.


                  ELIZA 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . I live in Crown-court, Pall Mall, and keep a chandler's shop. The prisoner called on me about five weeks ago, brought a green bag and a hat, and asked me to put them by for him - he said he would call for them in half an hour, but did not. It contained a pair of shoes, a handkerchief, and a hat. The prosecutrix claimed the hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. About five weeks after the robbery the prisoner was brought to the watch-house on this charge - he denied it, and said he never saw the hat. I got it from Fitzgerald's, and shewed it to him - he then said he took it away for safety.


                  PATRICK 
                  CLYNES
               



            . The hat is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I took it by mistake, left it at Fitzgerald's, and bought a paper cap instead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
