





1271. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, a silver ladle, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roe
                  




               
            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  LEICETER
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Roe
               



            , furrier
, Little St. Thomas Apostle


. On the 2d of October the prisoner came through the scullery into the kitchen, with pens to sell. I said I wanted none - he turned away immediately, and we missed a silver ladle from the scullery sink; I followed him into the street, and called after him: he ran very quick, but was caught and brought back.


                  FRANCIS 
                  COOKSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner running in Bow-lane - Leicester said he had stolen a ladle; I followed and secured him, and took him to Mr. Roe's - he stumbled in the scullery, and reeled towards the sink. I saw him take the ladle out of his pocket, and throw it into the sink: I said,
"You have just dropped it;" he said,
"No, I have never seen it."


                  JAMES 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I was at the corner of Red Lion-court, and saw Leicester following the prisoner, who crossed the road - he was stopped; and in the scullery he reeled towards the sink, and I saw the ladle fall.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The sink is in the passage; I called to know if they wanted any pens, and came out; I was brought back, and put against the sink. The servant charged me with it, and on looking behind a saucepan they found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
