






1408. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STONE
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 4 garden-pots, value 8d., and 4 flower-roots, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cowell
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LAPRIDGE
               



            . I am a patrol. I met the prisoners in Hackney-marsh, about four o'clock in the morning, on the 17th of June, in the path leading from Temple-mills to Hackney-wick; Stone had a basket, with eight geraniums and one balsam in it, and Hanson had two under his arm - I waited for them on the river bridge, and asked what they had, and where they brought them from; they said from Layton - they had bought them of a man who sold them, but they did not know his name - he was a stout man; Campbell was with me: we took them - I found Mr. Cowell two or three days afterwards; he lives two miles and a half or three miles from where I stopped them.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Lapridge - what he has stated is correct.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I am a night constable of Hackney. The prisoners were delivered to me, and I have had the plants ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWELL
               



            . I am gardener
 to Mr. Cotton, a gentleman, who lives at Layton


. These plants are my own- they were taken from my own house; they were in a little arbour by my door, twelve or fourteen yards within my garden, by the road side; they were all in pots - I can swear to this one geranium: I am not so certain of the balsam, but I missed one - these other seven I cannot swear to; I went to bed at eight o'clock at night, got up at four o'clock in the morning, and then missed them.
The prisoners put in a written Defence, stating that they had bought the roots of a fishmonger at Low-Layton, on the 15th of June, for 7s. 6d., and had fetched them away on the 17th, when they were stopped.
STONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HANSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
