





395. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 1 pair of boots, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alfred 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  ALFRED 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Bond-street. I sent 
               
                  John 
                  Randall
               



            , my errand-boy, on the 15th of December, with a pair of boots to Mr. Wainwright's - he came back without them, and gave some information; these are the boots.


                  JOHN 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I was sent to Mr. Wainwright's about three o'clock; I got to Tower-hill


, and there the prisoner came up to me - he was quite a stranger; he said he had been to Mr. Taylor for Mr. Wainwright's boots - he gave me 2d., and wanted to take the boots: I would not let him take them, and said I would see him to the door with them; he said he was employed by Mr. Wainwright - we walked some distance, and then he said it was a little way down the street where Mr. Wainwright lived; he put down his hand to take them, and I let him have them - he was walking away with them, when the officer came up and took him.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . On the 15th of December I was at the end of London-bridge, and saw the prisoner and another person cross from Fish-street-hill; I turned to watch them, and saw this lad going down Thames-street - the one that was in company with the prisoner got in conversation with the boy; he then came andspoke to the prisoner, who went and spoke to the lad, and took him down as far as Brick-lane - I still watched them, and when they came to Fashion-street, I saw the prisoner with the boots in his possession; I crossed the street, and asked where he was going with them - he said to his master, who lived in some square; I cast my eye on the direction, and said, "This will not do," you must go back with me - the boy still said it was right, but I said it was not.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with another man? A. Yes - the other one went as far as the Custom-house with the boy, and then afterwards he followed behind the prisoner and the lad when they got to Tower-hill; the boy was not above ten yards from the prisoner when I detained him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Thames-street, and crossed Tower-hill - the lad came and asked me the direction; he had first inquired of an oyster-woman - I could not tell him; he said he had never been there before - when the officer took me, he asked where I was going, and I said to Webb-square; I said "The boots are not mine, they belong to that lad;" I have a brother lives in Fashion-street, and I was going there: I was sent here for stealing, and you cannot prove this is stealing - it was getting them under false pretences. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
