





1175. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, one ridicule, value 3 s., and one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Simpson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Sarah, his wife
            .


                     SARAH 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
            . I am the wife of William Simpson, who is a banker's clerk
, we live in the Commercial-road. On the 31st of July, a little after eight o'clock in the evening, I was going down Whitechapel, near Angel-alley


, a man came behind me and snatched at my ridicule, which contained my handkerchief; at first he could not get it off my hand, but at the second attempt, he broke the chain and ran up the alley with it. I was so frightened, I cannot speak to the man. I screamed out thieves! and saw a man run up the alley - I was taken into a shop. Next morning, I found the prisoner at the office, but have not found my ridicule.


                  JOHN 
                  LILLS
               



            . I work at upholstery work. I was near Angel-alley, and saw the prisoner and two others standing at the corner of George-yard, about twenty yards from Angel-alley; they passed me all of a sudden, and a little further on, one of them snatched the ridicule from this lady, and ran up the alley. I am sure they were all in company together. The prisoner did not snatch it, but he was in company with them, and was the second that run up the alley; the third stood at the end of the alley, as if to bid defiance to any one who went up - I am certain of the prisoner. I met the officers and described him; he was taken in ten minutes - he was then warm as if he had been running.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COPLEY
               



            . I am a cabinet maker. I saw the prisoner in company with two other men pass us up George-yard in a hurried step, and take the ridicule and run up Angel-alley. The prisoner did not take it, but stood behind ready to receive it, and was in their company, and ran away with the boy. We met the officers, went with them, and saw him taken at the door of the George Inn, George-yard, about 200 yards from the spot.
Prisoner's Defence. He said I was a dozen yards from the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
