





743. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROACH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 1 pair of scales, value 20s.; 1 till, value 2s., and 10 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Manning
               




            .


                  HARRIET 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am the wife of John Manning, a baker
, of New-street, Covent-garden


. On the 16th of January I was at home, and saw the prisoner lurking about the window, from eight to nine o'clock; and about eleven o'clock at night I saw a boy leaving the shop, and believe it to be the prisoner; I then missed a pair of scales off my counter; and my till, containing about 10s.; I was in the parlour - there was nobody in the shop; I gave an alarm, and he was pursued; I saw the prisoner in custody next day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You only saw the back of the boy who left your shop? A. No, not then.
COURT. Q. You had seen the face of the boy when he was lurking about? A. Yes; that was the prisoner, and, I believe he is the boy who ran out.


                  ANN 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Manning. On the 16th of January, just before eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked me two or three times to let him have three penny biscuits for 1d.; I would not; he went out; I saw him lurking about the window; I went into the parlour, and soon after the scales were gone; I ran out, but could not see him - I believe him to be the boy; the scales are not found - the till was safe when I was in the shop, which was three minutes before.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear you saw him in the shop after he came for the biscuits? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GIMBER
               



            . I am a writer. I was passing the prosecutor's house, about eleven o'clock, and a person passed me, with a box in his hand - he appeared much like the prisoner; I could not see his face; I described him to the officer - I believe him to be the boy - his dress was the same when he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, between two and three o'clock on the 17th, from Mrs. Manning's description.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
