





434. 
               
                  FRANCES 
                  BLUNDELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 2 sheets, value 5s.; 2 pillows, value 2s., and 1 gown, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of John Brown. The prisoner and her husband lodged at my house for some months - I missed these articles at different times; the prisoner was taken to the watch-house, on the 13th of December, for riotous behaviour in the street; her husband first said he knew nothing about the things, but he afterwards gave me the duplicates, and acknowledged that he knew they were pawned.
Prisoner. We had lived there seven months; she missed these things two months ago, and told my husband, if he would give up the duplicates, she would take the money by 1s. or 2s. a week. Witness. That is not true.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRUSH
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Somer's-town. I produce two pillows, and two sheets, pawned by the prisoner, in September, October and December last.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEWTNER
               



            . I am shopman to Griffiths, a pawnbroker. I have a gown, pawned by the prisoner on the 13th of December.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LORIMER
               



            . I am an officer. When the prisoner was brought to the watch-house I sent for her husband; he said she had pawned these things unknown to him; she said he did know of it, or something to that effect.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress, and Mrs. Brown took the tickets from my husband, and said she would take the money as we could give it her, and she promised to give me work, till I could pay her.
MARY BROWN. About a week before the 13th of December, she did acknowledge she had done something wrong, and I made the agreement, that if she would do no more wrong, I would forgive her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
