





608. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  MORRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 wooden chest, value 3s. 6d., and 52lbs. of tea, value 15l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cooper
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cooper
               



            .
MR. THOMAS COOPER. I am a wholesale grocer

, in partnership with Richard Cooper - we live in Duke-street, Bloomsbury. A chest of tea was coming to us from the East India ware-rooms on the 28th of February - it did not arrive - I found it at Guildhall on the 2d of March, and knew it by the mark and number; the prisoner was in custody - it is worth 15l.


                  RICHARD 
                  BETTRIDGE
               



            . I am carman. I put this chest into my waggon, in Cutler-street, Houndsditch, about half-past two o'clock - the tail-board was straight up, and when I was in the upper part of Holborn


 I looked over the waggon and missed a chest by Southampton-buildings - the tail-board was as I had left it; two persons might unbook it and do it up again. I found it on the 2d of March in Grub-street, at the officer's house; I knew it by the Excise mark - I had gone along London-wall and Fore-street.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 28th of February I was in Grub-street, about four o'clock, and saw the prisoner, with this chest on his head - I followed and saw him turn into a court in Haberdashers'-square, and going into the back door of a house where greens and fish are sold - I knew the house before; he was almost on the step of the back door when I said "What have you got there?" he said "I don't know, a man gave it me to carry from Turnstile;" and he was to have 1s. 6d. for it; I detained him, and found Messrs. Coopers' out by the Excise mark - I returned them the tea, and have the chest here.(Chest produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of work and went out portering in the street - this man gave me the tea in Holborn to carry - I saw him behind when I was in Hatton-garden, but not afterwards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
