





1918. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 2 gowns, value 10s.; 2 shawls, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 hat, value 1s., and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fleetwood
               




            .
JOHN FLEETWOOD. I keep the Red Lion public-house, Robert-street, Grosvenor-square




. On the 30th of September, at half-past five o'clock, I went to lay down, being ill; my room door was then locked, but I laid down with it only pushed too; at a quarter past six my daughter awoke me, to give me some tea; I found the room in a litter, and the contents of a box strewed about, which were safe when I went to bed - on the table lay a gown and two shawls - my daughter looked round the corner of the bedstead, and said, "Here is a man in the room;" I then found the prisoner under the bed - I immediately looked for my jacket, which I had laid on my bed, with 40l. in it, and found it on the floor; my daughter ran down, and got two persons up; I endeavoured to arouse the prisoner, who pretended to be asleep; we at lost got him up, and asked what he did there - we could make nothing of him, but he said he wanted to go to bed; he then suddenly jumped up, and made a desperate resistance. An officer came in about five minutes, and tied his hands, and in his hat I found a handkerchief; all the other things had been moved from their places.


                  ANN 
                  FLEETWOOD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I took him some tea, and found the property strewed about - I found the prisoner partly under the bed, concealed; he affected to be asleep; we could hardly awake him - I got two persons up, and he at last made a powerful resistance - the officer took him. I had left the room in order before my father went up.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am an officer, and was fetched. - The prisoner pretended to be intoxicated, but he certainly was perfectly sober.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was inebriated, and did not know what I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
