





OLD COURT.
THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
1712 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SUTTON
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Holloway
                     




                  , in the forenoon of the 24th of October
, (he and others being therein) and stealing a cruet-stand, value 5 s.; six cruets, value 20 s., and a mustard spoon, value 5 s., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am a labourer at the East India warehouse. On the 27th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was near Mr. Holloway's house, which is in New-terrace, Mile-end


, and saw a young man digging where the gas pipes were laid; the workmen were at breakfast, which made me suspect him; he was at the corner of the New-church, about thirty yards from Mr. Holloway's; I turned round, and saw two men against Mr. Holloway's front railing; his parlour window was open - I went across to the house, and saw the prisoner and another come out of the parlour window, with each a bundle in a handkerchief; they immediately run away - I gave an alarm, and pursued them across the fields; I lost sight of the prisoner for half a minute, as he turned the corner of Coburgh-street, where he was taken immediately - he had then dropped the bundle. I am sure he is the man; the other three separated when they got out of the window.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you an opportunity of seeing him? A. About half a minute. I never said I saw but one person come out of the window.


                  ISAAC 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I was near Mr. Holloway's house, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran to the Commercial-road, and saw the prisoner running very fast with this bundle, and when I got within three yards of him he dropped it. I called Stop thief! and he was stopped immediately, without my losing sight of him. I picked up the bundle.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I was in Coburgh-street, and heard a cry of Stop-thief! saw the prisoner running, and Norman following - I stopped him. I saw him throw the bundle down.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I live at Mile-end. I cannot swear that my parlour window was shut down - it was not fastened. This cruet-stand is mine, and worth 30 s. I have lost other property.




               GUILTY. Aged 18. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
