





1345. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard Hodgson 
                        Galloway
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD HODGSON GALLOWAY. I am an engineer
, and live in West-street, Smithfield. I was in Field-lane


, a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening of the 19th of May; I felt something all at once pulling at my pocket - I turned round and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand, and he shuffled it up his coat - I pushed him against a shop, and accused him of it; he said he knew nothing of it, but he dropped it in two or three minutes, and I collared him, and took him to the watch-house; he had not run; I saw the handkerchief in his hand, and saw him drop it.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not another gentleman with you? A. Yes, my brother - and there was a boy with the prisoner, and I saw the handkerchief shifting from that boy to the prisoner: my belief is, that the other picked my pocket and passed it to the prisoner - I seized the prisoner, and put him up against a shutter, that in case he dropped it, I might see it - I believe I did state at Guildhall, that the boy handed the handkerchief to him; the other was nearer to me; I know the boy's face; I have seen him there.

THOMAS WHITE. I am an officer. I received charge of the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in the lane with my hands in my pockets, looking at some men mending the sewer. I saw the prosecutor and a gentleman pass me; the handkerchief was thrown, and rested on my elbow. I never moved, nor pulled my hands out of my pockets; there were a number of people who said I was not the man.
GUILTY. Aged 28.




               Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
