





1348. 
               
                  ANN 
                  FIELDGATE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, a sovereign and a crown, the monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Houseman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD HOUSEMAN. I am married. On the 6th of September, I had been out taking supper, and was returning home at past one o'clock. I met the prisoner near Chiswell-street


 - she walked two or three hundred yards with me; she was then making into a court, and said "Good night." I then put my hand into my waistcoat pocket, and missed a sovereign which I had had there. I then felt in my trousers pocket, and missed a crown piece. I said "You have robbed me;" she said she had not - the watchman was near, and I gave charge of her; she said, in the presence of the watchman, that she had no such thing as a crown about her - she was searched, and a sovereign and some shillings were found, but not the crown piece.
Prisoner. Q. I met this gentleman in Featherstone-street; he spoke to me first - I then walked towards my own home, and had got the length of two streets - I then heard him walking after me, and some one said, "Stop a bit." I then turned round, and he said I had taken his money; I only said the money I had about me was my own. I did not say I had not a sovereign. Witness. You said several times you had no sovereign at all.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I was the watchman. I heard the witness say the prisoner had robbed him of a sovereign and a crown; the prisoner said she had not - she said five times as we were going to the watch-house, that she had no such thing as a sovereign. She was searched by the officer, in my presence, and there was a sovereign, 3 s. 6 d., and some copper found on her.


                  EDWARD 
                  LIDIARD
               



            . I was the night constable. The prisoner appeared perfectly sober, and said she had no sovereign about her. I searched her, and found the sovereign, 3 s. 6 d., and 9 1/2 d. in copper.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
