





340. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one portmanteau, value 25 s.; two coats, value 3 l., and two pair of trowsers, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Joseph
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JOSEPH
               



            . I am amanuenthis
, to Mr. Wilberforce. On the 20th of January, I was at Kensington Gore


; when the carriage arrived I missed the portmanteau, and it was brought to the house next day.


                  PETER 
                  ANTROBUS
               



            . I am a patrol of Kensington. I saw the prisoner and another in the road, about seven o'clock on the night of the 20th of January, each having hold of an end of the portmanteau; I asked them what it was? they threw it down and ran off. The prisoner was stopped by the crowd, without my losing sight of him - I am certain of him. The portmanteau was gone when I returned - it was found next day.
GEORGE - . I am coachman to Mr. Wilberforce. I brought the portmanteau from Bath on the carriage; it was safe at Turnham-green. The coach was about a quarter of a mile on this side Kensington, about ten minutes before seven o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I found the portmanteau about 300 yards from where it was thrown down.


                  PETER 
                  ANTROBUS
               



             re-examined. It appears the same portmanteau they threw down - they were within a quarter of a mile on this side of Kensington Town.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Hammersmith, heard an alarm, and turned down the lane, two men seized me, and said I had a basket in my hand.


                  PETER 
                  ANTROBUS
               



             re-examined. I never charged him with having a basket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
