






112. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEDGERWOOD
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HICKS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 1 tub, value 1s., and 105 lbs. weight of butter, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live at Little Fulham. This tub of butter is mine - I had bought a quantity of goods the day before, of Leedham and Walker, in the Borough; I had ten casks of butter, marked L.W., which was cut in the wood of the cask; I received them on the evening of the 12th of November - I lost one that evening; it was not cut in half when I lost it - I believe this to be it; the mark on it corresponds with the invoice- I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. White. I received ten tubs of butter between seven and eight o'clock in the evening - they were put on the curb-stone opposite the door; we were making room for them, and in about half an hour one of them was gone - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELLINGHAM
               



            . I am carman to Ledham and Walker. I delivered ten tubs of butter at Mr. White's a the 10th of November, just before eight o'clock in theevening - this is one of them; I know nothing of the prisoners - I never saw them till now.


                  ALLEN 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a waiter at the Hope and Anchor public-house, Waterloo-street, Hammersmith. I went out with my beer on the evening of the 12th of November, and saw Ledgerwood about one hundred and fifty yards from Mr. White's, with a tub on his shoulder - I had known him before as a rush basket-maker; he passed my master's door, and was going the same way with me - I had my lantern, and walked on alongside of him about twelve or sixteen yards; there was a little mud and siush in the road and he went right through it; I said, "Halloo there, you will get into it presently!" he said, "Don't say nothing" -I still kept on by the side of him to the bottom of the lane, but as I was going to turn to the left I saw a young man -I put down my beer, and went to him; Ledgerwood went on - I then heard the tub fall; I thought he had thrown it down and gone away - I went to see, and he was alongside of the tub; I said to him, "What, can't you carry it?" he said it was so heavy; as I was turning away to go to the young man, who lives at the Windsor Castle public-house, some one down the lane called out Canter, or some such name, and Ledgerwood answered; the other one then said,"Where are you?" and Ledgerwood said, "Here I am-come on" - I believe this to be the tub.


                  GEORGE 
                  HURST
               



            . I live at the Windsor Castle. I was at the bottom of Waterloo-street with my beer, and put it down to rest - I saw a man go by with a tub, but I did not see who it was; I did not go from my tray - I knew the prisoners before, and had met them together the same evening about half-past seven o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  TYTHERIDGE
               



            . I live at Turnham-green, and deal in butter in a small way. Ledgerwood and the other prisoner brought me a cask of butter to sell on the 13th of November - I bought it of them, but did not pay all the money; I paid Ledgerwood: I delivered the same cask to the officer - this has the same marks on it.


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer. I got this tub from Tytheridge, at his shop - it has been in my possession ever since.
LEDGERWOOD'S Defence. I found this tub of butter that night; I took it up, and put it on my shoulder - the night was very foggy, and when I got to the bottom of the lane it fell off my shoulder; this young man was coming along, and I called to him to lift it on my shoulder, and that is all he knew about it.
LEDGERWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HICKS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
