





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
627. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'DONALD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, a shirt, value 2 s., and a soot-cloth, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Bell
                     



                  ; three gowns, value 30 s.; a pelisse, value 20 s.; two spencers, value 7 s.; a petticoat, value 2 s.; a shawl, value 8 s., and a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Cooper
                     



                  ; and a shawl, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Reed
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of George Bell
            .
GEORGE BELL. I am a chimney sweeper
, and live at Edgware


. On Friday, the 11th of February, the prisoner applied to me for work, which I gave him - he slept in my house till the Monday night following, when he went to bed with the apprentice, about eight o'clock. I was called up by the watchman about four in the morning; I got up, and found everybody in bed but the prisoner, who was gone; I found the door open, and a box belonging to my daughter-in-law was open, and the things taken out, and missed a shirt from a closet below, and my soot-cloth from the barn, opposite to the door at the bottom of the garden. None of the things have been found.
MARY ANN COOPER. I am the prosecutor's daughter-in-law. A box with my clothes was on the landing place opposite to the prisoner's room. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I had seen safe at nine o'clock, after the prisoner was gone to bed; they are worth 3 l. 15 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Bell, and am nine years old. The prisoner went to bed on this night with me; I saw him open this box while I was undressing, but did not see him take any thing. I was asleep when he went away.
Prisoner. Q. I did not come to bed till after you? A. I saw him at the box when I was in bed.


                  JOHN 
                  DOLLING
               



            . I am a watchman of Edgware. On the 15th of February, about half-past three o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner with a soot-cloth on his shoulder, containing something, and asked where he was going so early - he said to Mr. Bevan's, to do a job; Bevan's is a boarding school, at Little Stanmore - I am sure he is the person; I knew him before.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of February I apprehended the prisoner at cellar in Cato-street, and told him it was on suspicion of robbing Mr. Bell; he said Mr. Bell must prove it. I found 4 s. upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor's son is a noted thief, and robbed his father of a watch a fortnight before - his father would not admit him in doors, and he was lurking about the premises till I was apprehended. I suspect that he committed this crime.
PROSECUTOR. My son was not about the house that night.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
