






34. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LAYTON, alias 
EDEN





            , & 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 4 pieces of printed shawls, containing 112 shawls, value 6l., and 2 pieces of printed cotton, containing 48 yards, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Haigh
                     



                   and 
                     
                        James 
                        Clarke
                     



                  ; 1 pen-knife, value 2s.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s.; 1 gold seal, value 2l., and 1 medal, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Stiff
               



            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
JAMES STIFF. I am in the service of William Haigh and James Clarke, who occupy the ground-floor warehouse of No. 12, Bucklersbury


. On the 12th of November I left the warehouse at half-past seven o'clock in the evening; I believe every thing was safe - the packages were all complete; there was a pen-knife, a pencil-case, a seal, and a medal in my desk. I was sent for the same night; I found the desk broken open, and my things taken away; the packages were not as I had left them. - I have found every thing but the seal. 
               
                  William 
                  Nicholson
               



             locked the premises up as I came away, and took the key with him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You were not the last person there? A. We left about the same time; I had locked my desk about three minutes before, but did not notice the articles.


                  ANN 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I live at No. 15, Size-lane, and have the care of the house, No. 12, Bucklersbury; it is let out in offices. I have the care of the upper part, over Mr. Haigh's warehouse, and keep the keys; I go there every evening to see that all is secure, and to fasten the outer door. I went there on the 25th of November, about half-past ten o'clock - I was going to open the door, but there seemed an obstruction inside; I tried to open it three times; hearing a noise in the passage I turned the latchkey down, to prevent anybody coming out, and then called, through the key-hole, "Is anybody inside?" I received no answer - nobody sleeps there. I then called the watchman three times; Willsher, the officer, came over, and waited outside - I got several persons to assist; I entered the house at the private door, with two or three officers; Willsher stood at the private door - I heard glass break, and when I got in I saw Mr. Haigh's warehouse-door open - it ought to have been shut; the first-floor window was open, and four panes of glass were broken in the sky-light, which is under it - they were quite safe that morning; the leads by the sky-light lead from the window to a small yard of the house - persons could let themselves down from those leads into the yard.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How high are those leads? A. As high as the first-floor, but there is a projection where they could have rested.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLSHER
               



            . I am an officer of Cheap Ward, and live in Little Bell-alley, Coleman-street. On the 25th of November, between ten and half-past ten o'clock, I heard Watkins give an alarm; I immediately went to the door of No. 12, Bucklersbury, listened, and heard persons in the passage - I went to the warehouse door, and held it fast; I found it shake - they were endeavouring to get out there; I went over to the Green Man public-house, and called Hawkins to assist, and then went to the watch-house, for further assistance, returned, and heard two distinct smashes of glass; Hawkins went to the door of No. 11, and got admission; the prisoners were taken - their hands were cut, as if by glass - I went into the premises, and found Mr. Haigh's door was broken open by great force - I found a bag there, containing four shawls, with printed borders, and two pieces of cotton print - the desk and a trunk were also broken open, and I found a phoshorus box, a dark-lantern, and a jemmy or crow-bar.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am an officer of Cheap Ward. I went to No. 11, Bucklersbury, which has a window communicating with the leads of No. 12, and on opening that window I saw the two prisoners in the yard, by those leads - the sky-light of No. 12 was broken, and Jones' hands were bleeding; the prisoners were in a stooping position, and when I opened the window they rose up - I pulled them into the window, and secured them - they could not have entered that yard except by coming through No. 12.
Cross-examined. Q. Why, how did you get into the yard? A. I did not get in - they arose up, and I pulled them in at the window - I had another person with me.


                  JOHN 
                  HODDY
               



            . I am waiter at No. 10, Bucklersbury, which is an eating-house. I went with Hawkins into No. 11, and on the ground-floor is a window, which looks into the yard of No. 12 - we found the two prisoners there, standing close to the window; I do not think they could get out, except by coming through No. 11. I pulled Jones through the window.
Cross-examined. Q. You live at the dining-room? A. Yes. Nos. 10 and 11 are both dining-rooms - there is no communication to the yard from No. 10. I suppose we dine one hundred and seventy persons every day.
COURT. Q. Do you recollect either of the prisoners dining there? A. No; Jones' hands were dirty and bleeding - he said, "See what a condition I am in;" the window I drew him through was not broken. I did not go into the yard to see if any glass was broken.


                  ROBERT 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am beadle of Cheap Ward. I took the prisoners from the watch-house to the Compter. I afterwards went to No. 12, Bucklersbury, and found an empty black bag - I found some skeleton and picklock-keys in the yard where the prisoners were taken, and a piece of whalebone - they were covered over with a handkerchief: this was on the Monday morning. The skylight is on the leads, and there were marks on the wall, down the leads, of plaster having been scraped off, as if persons had let themselves down into the yard. The window of No. 11 opened into that yard. The prisoners were asked what they had to say, and refused to say any thing.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go on the leads? A. No - they are eleven or twelve feet high: I could get down easily.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLSHER
               



            . I produce the print and shawls, the dark-lantern, the phosphorus-box, and the crow-bar - the bolt was forced off the inner door of the warehouse, which opens into the passage - I found the implements in the warehouse.
JAMES STIFF. These goods are the prosecutors', and were on the premises that night, but were not in this bag - neither of the bags were there, and are not ours - I picked up two skeleton-keys on the premises that night. I had left the warehouse door safe - Nicholson might have locked it a moment after I left. The shutter of the door was broken open.
LAYTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 58.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
