





10. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, two shirts, value 6 s.; two other shirts unmade, value 10 s.; one shift, value 5 s.; one pinafore, value 1 s.; six napkins, value 2 s.; one bed-gown, value 2 s. 6 d.; four caps, value 2 s. 6 d.; one chaise cover, value 2 s. 6 d.; one apron, value 1 s.; one frock, value 1 s., and one pair of trowsers, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Windus
                  




               
            .
ELIZA FOX. I am a mangler, and live in Beer-lane, Blackfriars-road


. On the 9th of November, I had mangled these things for 
               
                  John 
                  Windus
               



            , who lives at my house - about two o'clock I carried them up to him on the first floor, and left them in his room. I heard they were gone at seven o'clock in the evening. I saw them at Guildhall, on the Monday, and knew them.


                  JOHN 
                  WINDUS
               



            . I am a carman
. The things are mine, I did not know they were stolen until I came home at night. The prisoner was a stranger.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a constable of Blackfriars.About half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, of the 9th of November, I was sent for to Evangelist-court, and saw the prisoner, and took her in custody - she had all the articles stated in the indictment in her apron, she said they belonged to her uncle, and she would send for him, if I thought proper - did not tell name, or where he lived; she lived in Whitecross-street, I detained her on suspicion. At the examination Mrs. Fox claimed the things, as the property of Windurs. I found four keys, all of which will open Windur's door. I found one in the door at Evangelist-court, and three under the mat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
