





356. 
               
                  JANE 
                  GRADY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 2 1/2 yards of kerseymere, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Fennell
                  




               
            .
MICHAEL FENNELL. I lost two yards and a half of kerseymere which was cut out for a pair of trousers; I lost it form my bed-room, No. 25, Henrietta-street, Manchester-square


, on the 2d of December, at six o'clock in the morning; I am a tailor
: the prisoner and her father lived in the same house - the officer has the article; I cannot swear to it, but believe it to be mine - it is the same colour, same quality, and the same sort of cloth; I do not see any difference between that and mine: I had seen it safe the last day of November.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I took the prisoner by her father's request, on the 11th of December; I told her what it was for - she resisted very strongly; she then said she had pawned the kerseymere at Mr. Wood's, in High-street, St. Giles's, and had left the duplicate with her mother.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



            . On the 2d of December, this cloth was pawned with me by the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was three months out of work, and parted with all my clothes to support me; I went to my brother to ask him to lend me a coat to get something out of pawn - he lent it to me; I went to get the coat and I could not; I knew there was a bag of my brother's in the prosecutor's room, and I went and took this piece of kerseymere, thinking it was his, or I should not have taken it.
JURY to 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  FENNELL
               



            . Q. Had you any idea there was a coat of her brother's in that room? A.There was no bag there; there was a bag which her mother lent me to put my things in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
