






126. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DRICEMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Monge
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT MONGE. I was in Bow-street, Covent-garden


, about eleven o'clock in the evening of the 17th of November - I was going home to Hart-street, when I was told that I had had my pocket picked; I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I saw it in about a quarter of an hour, at the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JESSEE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I saw the two prisoners following this gentleman under the Piazzas - I saw something passing between them; I went after the prosecutor into Hart-street - he gave me his direction. I then went after the prisoners to the Theatre, and gave charge of one of them to a watchman; I took the other myself; Driceman had the handkerchief round his neck - he at first said he had had it three months, and then that he had bought it that evening.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I took the prisoners in charge, and the property was given up to me.
JONES' Defence. I know nothing of this young man. I had been to the playhouse, and was talking to a coachman when the witness, Phillips, took me and this young man, who was speaking to me about the play.
DRICEMAN'S Defence. As I was coming out of the playhouse I met a young man, who asked if I would buy a handkerchief, which I did, for 4s. I put it round my neck, and had not had it on five minutes before the witness came and took me. I asked if he was an officer - he took out a staff, and said he would knock me down.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
DRICEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
