





1010. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, one tea chest, value 1 s.; three saucepans, value 2 s.; one pair of bellows, value 1 s.; six dishes, value 18 d.; one frying pan, value 1 s.; one portfolio, value 2 s.; four brushes, value 1 s.; one broom, value 6 d.; one glue pot, value 1 s.; one anvil, value 9 d.; one pair of snuffers, value 6 d.; one snuffers stand, value 2 d.; four candlesticks, value 2 s.; one pepper box, value 2 d.; one salt cellar, value 6 d.; one mustard pot, value 1 s.; one tumbler, value 6 d.; one pair of spurs, value 1 s.; twelve skewers, value 4 d.; one nutmeg grater, value 1 d.; one cullender, value 1 s.; one teapot, value 4 d.; and one dripping pan, value 1 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holt
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Holt
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kenworthy
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am clerk to Thomas and 
               
                  James 
                  Holt
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Kenworthy
               



            , who are canal carriers


: a chest, containing these goods, was brought from Liverpool. I saw it put on the waggon at Paddington, to go into the City, on the 13th of June, at half-past seven o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 13th of June, I and Robinson were near the end of Berner's-street, in Oxford-street


. I saw the prisoner close to the tail of the waggon; he looked towards me, and I thought saw me. I passed on, took off my great coat, and followed the waggon, and saw him go to the tail three times; and opposite the end of Monmouth-street, he took the chest out on his back, went a few paces, saw me, and threw it down, and run down Monmouth-street. I hallooed and he was stopped. I took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. HONE. Q. Was it dusk - A. Yes, he knew me before.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I was with Davis, and saw the prisoner following the waggon, and saw him take the chest out, he dropped it nearly at Davis's feet. I took care of it while Davis followed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
