





993. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE FREDERICK 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  CAYHILL
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
Mr
. Watson
               



             - he is a linen-draper
, and lives at No. 55, Holborn-hill


. The prisoner was an apprentice
 to Mr. Trevethan, of Burton-cres -cent; his master had been a customer to us for some time: the prisoner had often been sent, and was well known to us. On the 2d of January he brought some patterns, and said he wanted one pieces of furniture of one pattern, and two of the other; one was tea and drab, and the other tea and red - I served him, and put up a remnant of tea and red with them; they all came to 6l. 15s. 10d.: this is the invoice - he went away with the goods.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I found these invoices at the prisoner's mother's lodging, and a number of patterns of furniture prints.


                  JAMES 
                  CAYHILL
               



             re-examined. On the 16th of January he came again, and had one piece of tea and red striped, two pieces of tea and green, which with the glazing made thewhole bill 6l. 10s. 8d. - this in the invoice. On the 6th of February he came again, and had one piece of tea and drab striped, the same as at first; he had one whole piece, and a large remnant of fifty-one yards of another pattern of ground chintz - they came to 7l. 9s. 9d.; this is the invoice. On the 27th of February he came again, and had one piece of light ground chintz, and said as there was not sufficient of the tea ground chintz, the light ground might he used instead; I put in that parcel a tremnant of forty-nine yards and a half - the bill was 9l. 17s. 2d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . I produce this invoice, and this note.


                  JAMES 
                  CAYHILL
               



            . I gave the prisoner this note, and this is the invoice of the last article.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Had you not instructions to deliver no goods without a written order? A. No; it is most frequently the case that young men produce a written order - not always.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TREVETHAN
               



            . I am an upholsterer. The prisoner was my apprentice; I never gave him authority to get these goods, and never had them.


                  JOHN 
                  MOYLE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Trevethan. I frequently give orders, but never gave the prisoner these orders, and never received the goods.


                  RICHARD 
                  LANGSTAFF
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Trevethan. I never gave the prisoner orders to get these goods.
Prisoner. Q. What goods did you send me for, for a job of your own at Peckham? A. I never did send for any.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
