





1070. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CRANMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, one saddle, value 2 l.; two bridles, value 2 l., and one martingale, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Finch
                  




               
            .
MR. ARABIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  FENNER
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Finch, a mustard manufacturer
. On the 21st of June, these things were locked in the stable - they belong to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Finch
               



            . I fastened the stable-door at half-past eight o'clock at night, I returned at half-past five o'clock in the morning, found it broken open and the property gone.


                  FRANK 
                  HOUSE SMITH SHORTLAND
               



            . I am a labourer, at Staines. On Wednesday night the 21st of June, I was at the Phoenix, public-house, at Staines; I saw the prisoner there with two more - I knew him before. I left them there about twenty minutes past ten o'clock - it is about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor's stable; he lived in the neighbourhood. Between two and three o'clock next morning, I saw him and two others within thirty yards of the stable - I only saw their backs; they were going in a direction from the stables. I did not then know of the robbery.


                  CHARLES 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I am a postboy at Leatherhead. On the 23d of August, I was at the Swan at Egham, and saw the prisoner on the road. On the 25th of August, I was at my father's at Staines; the prisoner came and asked if I knew who wanted to buy a saddle and two bridles; I said No, and asked him what they were worth; he said 15 s., I said I would buy them in the morning. I informed Mr. Finch, and went next morning to the prisoner, to buy them, he was abed; he said I was to wait at the Phoenix, public-house, until he came; I asked him where the things were? he said it would not do, I could not have them till night, and they were at a house at Knowl-green, where there was no suspicion. I found him at the Phoenix, public-house, at eight o'clock at night - I gave him a bag to put them in. We went to Knowl-green - he brought them out in the bag. I gave him 15 s., and went away. It was a saddle, two bridles, and a martingale.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Goodluck asked me where there was two good stout horses, as he wanted to steal two, to go in the Gravesend coach. He said he would stand fence for anything, even if it was the King's Crown. He gave me 11 s. for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
