






185. 
               
                  WILLIAM JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SCARCE
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, five saws, value 1 l.; sixteen planes, value 2 l.; a stock and center bit, value 10 s.; three screw drivers, value 18 d.; a bevil, value 3 s.; a square, value 2 s.; two gauges, value 1 s.; two chisels, value 1 s.; two hammers, value 18 d.; a pair of pinchers, value 18 d., and a basket, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Ezard
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  EZARD
               



            , JUN. I am a carpenter, and live at Brentford. On the night of the 9th of November, I locked up these tools in my father's work-shop (his name is Henry) and next morning missed them. On the 17th of December some of them were produced at Queen-square; the tool chest was wrenched open. The shop door must have been opened by a skeleton key.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . When I searched the prisoner's house I asked Scarce if he had any duplicates - he went to a cupboard in the back parlour, and gave me some from under a cup; I said,
"Have you got no more? these are not all;" he then gave me a few more from another part of the cupboard - and one of them led me to Courtney's - Drew gave me some duplicates, which led me to Debenham's and Graham's.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER PAGE
               



            . I am apprentice to Messrs. Courtney and Page, pawnbrokers. I have two saws pawned on the 10th of November, by Scarce, to the best of my knowledge, for 4 s. - he pawned ten planes and four squares at the same time, for 4 s. The duplicate produced is what I gave for the saw.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DREW
               



            . I accompanied Burridge to the house, and asked Pearce if he had any duplicates; he gave me three from his pocket, and I found one on the mantel shelf. I marked them, and gave them to Burridge.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dutton, pawnbroker, Queen-row, Pimlico. On the 10th of November I took in six planes, a saw, a spoke shave, hammer, screw driver, two chisels, two gauges, and a square, for 7 s.; I have no recollection of the person, but I gave him one of the duplicates produced.


                  LEONARD 
                  NEEDS
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Graham and Stocks. Here is a duplicate which I gave to a person who pawned a stock, fifteen bits, a screw driver, a bevil, and a center bit, on the 11th of November, for 3 s., in the name of William Smith - I believe Pearce to be that person, but cannot be positive.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PEARCE's Defence. I was working at Roberts's, at Westminster, and in returning I went into the Bag of Nails, public-house, at Pimlico, where a man, calling himself Smith, said he was going to work at Windsor Castle, and I bought these duplicates of him, for 3 s.,having a brother a carpenter, I intended to give them to him.
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
SCARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
