








803. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  WEST
               



             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TOMS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February

, 3 iron cramps, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Kerr
                     



                  ; 3 saws, value 5s., and 1 vice, value 2s. 
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  McAlister
               



            ; and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  TOMS
               




             and 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  FIELD
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JAMES KERR. I am a chair-maker
, and live in Clipstone-street



, and have a workshop at No. 15 in that street. I missed three iron cramps on Monday, the 13th of February, about eight o'clock in the morning; the shop door had been broken open, and a piece of the lock broken off; there were three saws and a vice stolen belonging to my servant; I had seen them all safe on the Saturday night.
JOHN McALISTER. I am in Mr. Kerr's employ. I had been in the shop on Sunday, about five o'clock - I left it locked, and my tools were there; I went there next morning, about eight o'clock, and they were gone - a piece was knocked off the door, and a part of the lock was on the ground. Horne, the apprentice, was there before me.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SARAH 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am a widow. I know William Toms and Elizabeth Toms - she is his mother; I work for Mr. Kerr; on the Friday or Saturday I went with a chair to William Toms, the younger; and asked him to carry it for me; he waited at the shop while I went in; and I gave him something to drink; I went to his lodgings on the Sunday evening, just at dusk; to borrow a pail; he lives close by me in Earl-street, Seven Dials; but a good way from Mr. Kerr's; I saw Louisa Field there, and Richard West came to borrow a cart; the next morning I went there again, and saw William Toms, who had sent for me; he said he had sent Louisa Field out with three saws to make 8s. for his rent, and he wanted some more money for some gentleman, who was to come at twelve o'clock; I saw, under the bed, three cramps and a vice, which I believe to be those produced; he asked me to go with his mother to pawn these cramps; we took one to Mr. Simpson; the next was pawned at the same place for 7s.; I went back and gave him the money; he then asked me to take the other; I said I did not like to take it; his mother said she would go with me; I took the cramp, and she took the vice; I pawned the cramp with Maynard, and went back and took him the money; his mother brought the money for the vice, and said she could not pawn it, but she had sold it for 5s. 6d.; the duplicates were put on the table; and he gave me and Toms 1s. a piece - he gave me the tickets to do what I could with them; I sold them for 4s. to a young man; I received information and told William Toms, next morning, that the duplicates were stopped; he said they had broken open the place with a crow bar and got the articles from Mr. Kerr's, but did not say whether he did it himself; he sent Louisa Field to the pawnbroker's to claim the tickets, and told her to say they belonged to her husband; she said she would say she got them of a man she met in the street, who gave them to her to let him sleep with her.
Cross-examined by Mr. FISH. Q. West was not present at either of these times? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOMS
               



            . Q. When did you give me a chair to carry home? A. It was on the Friday or Saturday; I would not carry it myself; I hired your cart to remove my goods on the 11th of February - you had come to move my goods before the chair was taken home - I live at No. 11, East-street - I asked how he got the things out, and he told me with a crow-bar - the place is in a mews - he took the chair to the door, and I took it in of him - when a person was there they could see what was in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I apprehended Elizabeth Toms on the 17th of February, at the corner of Short's-gardens, St. Giles'; I took her to a house in Stanhope-street, where I had seen this vice, and the woman said she had been there a few days before to sell it; I then asked the prisoner how she could tell such a falsity when I took her, as to say she knew nothing about it - she said she did not like to acknowledge it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I took up West and Toms, at a public-house in Mitchell-street, St. Luke's.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREW SIMPSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-acre. I have two saws pawned by Field, and the cramps pawned by Limbric, on the 13th of February; the officer came the next morning, he told me if any onecame to stop them - Louisa Field came in the afternoon, I detained her - the young man to whom Limbric had sold the tickets had called before, and I stopped the tickets.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES MAYNARD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a cramp pawned by Limbric.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACEY BURTS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a saw pawned on the 14th of February, by Field.


                  JANE 
                  MACKLIN
               



            . I keep a broker's shop in Stanhope-street, Clare-market. I bought this vice of Mr. Toms for 6s. 6d.
WILLIAM TOMS' Defence. Mrs. Limbric came to me to hire a cart to move her goods to the Seven-dials; I took the cart and met her husband - he said he could not find his wife, and told me to come next day - I then took the things to Earl-street, Seven-dials, and she said she would serve her master out, for he owed her 9s., and had only paid her 3s., and she would have two chairs from his shop, which she could get ten guineas for in the trade - that he had several chests of tools in his shop, and she was sorry she did not go the night before, and get his watch which she saw hung up.
LOUISA FIELD and ELIZABETH TOMS put in a written defence, stating that the witness Limbric had given them the property to pawn for her, and that she had been convicted of felony at Westminster Sessions.


                  SARAH 
                  LIMBRIC
               



            . I was drawn into it by that woman, who is one of bad character. I was three weeks in confinement about eight months ago, through having a handkerchief that Mr. Toms put in.
WILLIAM TOMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ELIZABETH TOMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Confined Three Months
            .
RICHARD WEST - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LOUISA FIELD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
