





SECOND DAY. FRIDAY, JANUARY 11.
Second Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
271. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BULLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Tibbs
                     



                  , 1 table, value 10s.; 2 tea-chests, value 7s.; 1 bed, value 3l.; 1 bolster, value 5s.; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 5 blankets, value 20s.; 1 counterpane, value 7s.; 1 carpet, value 3s.; 1 rug, value 1s.; 1 set of bed furniture, value 10s.; 1 fender, value 2s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 1s.; 1 cloak, value 2s.; 1 tea-tray, value 2s.; 1 table-cover, value 1s.; 2 waistcoats, value 6d.; 2 pans, value 4d.; 1 pair of bellows, value 1s.; 3 spoons, value 3d.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 1 pepper-box, value 6d.; 2 sheets, value 10s.; 5 table-cloths, value 20s.; 1 looking-glass, value 10s., and 3 jugs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Sandy
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SANDY
               



            . I am the wife of John Sandy, who is a servant in a gentleman's family. I lodge on the second floor at No. 12, Bear-yard, Lincoln's Inn-fields, in the parish of St. Clement Danes


 - Jonathan Tibbs keeps the house; the prisoner lodged there, and slept in the front garret. On the 21st of August I left town; I locked my door, and left all these articles safe; I did not return till the 12th of October - I unlocked my room door, and found my room nearly empty; all these articles were gone; they are worth about 10l. The prisoner still continued at the house; he left some few days after I returned. I asked if he knew any thing of it - he said he did not - that he was up and down ten times a day; I told him I thought those who were up and down ten times a day had robbed my room - and after this conversation he left the lodging; I do not know where he went to lodge. I applied at Bow-street, and was present on the 31st of December, when a search-warrant was executed at No. 3, Adam-street West, in a second floor room, and a great part of my property was found there.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many lodgers were in the house? A. I do not know; I lodged there nearly two years - there might be five or six, but I cannot say; three or four rooms were unoccupied before I left town. I had given the key to my husband, who left town a fortnight after me. The prisoner left within a fortnight of my return; I called the landlord up the first night of my return, and complained of my loss; I believe the prisoner did not remain a fortnight after that - I will swear he was not there a month; there was nothing about the articles to enable a person who bought them, to know they were mine: he did not visit my room - I had not twenty words with him before I left town. I applied to the Magistrate after this conversation, and the prisoner returned a day or two after he left, and was detained by the officer, and denied knowing any thing of it. The officer said I could not have a warrant unless I swore I suspected the property to be in any part of the house, and a warrant was not granted till I found where he lodged; he was at home when we found the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALDERSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. Theprosecutrix applied for a search-warrant about the 29th of December; I know nothing of her first application: a warrant was granted on the Monday morning - I accompanied her to No. 3, Adam-street West, Portman-square; I found the prisoner and his wife in the second floor back room; I asked if his name was Bullen - he said it was: I said I had a warrant to search his premises, and told my brother officer to call up Sandy; she looked round the room, and claimed the bed curtains, the bed, bolster, pillows, looking-glass, table, fire-irons, fender, carpet, rug, china, and a variety of furniture; he began to cry, and said he was ruined, and that he should destroy himself. I took him into custody, and took the property to the office.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he had purchased the articles? A. No; he said he had taken them away, and if I would let him go he would make good all he had broken in removing them. I did not mention this before, because I was not asked.
Q. Are you not sworn to tell the whole truth? A. Yes, but an officer is often stopped for saying too much. I know nothing of his having eight children - I saw one child in the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . I am an officer, and went with Alderson to the prisoner's lodging; his wife cried, and he told her it was through distress he had done it; I found some duplicates of the table-cloths, in a portmanteau, wrapped in a letter, in his room; I went to Dry's, in St. Martin's-lane, and Muncaster's, on Snow-hill, and got the table-cloths.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take him to the pawnbrokers? A. No - they saw him at the office, and said a woman had pawned them. I hear he has two children in Devonshire, and that his wife has six.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TIBBS
               



            . I am landlord of the house. The prisoner lodged in the garret; I tried the key of his room to the prosecutrix's door, and it opened it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any other key to fit it? A. No - I tried every key in the house; I had supplied him with the key - he remained in the house till the 25th of October.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SANDY
               



            . These are my table-cloths - I was present when all the property was found, and am certain it is my husband's. No one article is worth 5l. of itself; two or three together might be worth 5l.; the table-cloths are marked J. E. S. The bed is worth 3l.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
