






London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
1117. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGGS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RILEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Wheeler
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD WHEELER. I am a student
, and live in Gray's Inn-square. On the 16th of June, about seven o'clock in the evening I was going down Holborn-hill


, with a handkerchief in my pocket; I felt nothing, but on receiving information I went in pursuit of the prisoners, who were about one hundred yards off, in company, and had been secured; when I came up I saw my handkerchief found on Riley.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Buttenshaw, a grocer, of Holborn-bridge. On the 16th of June I saw Mr. Wheeler passing the door - both the prisoners were following him, and Riley's hand was then in his pocket - I was at the end of our counter; I went out at another door, and told Mr. Wheeler - he then missed his handkerchief; I ran back, and laid hold of the prisoners, as they were turning down Field-lane, eating oranges; I brought them into Holborn, put my hand into Riley's coat, and took out a handkerchief, which Mr. Wheeler claimed. I took them to Hatton-garden.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I received them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BRIGG's Defence. I saw this boy in Fleet-market, and asked him the way to Turnmill-street - he said he would shew me.
RILEY's Defence. This lad was not with me.
BRIGGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
