





121. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Mather
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am in the employ of Benjamin Mather, a hosier
, who lives in New-street, Covent-garden


. On the evening of the 7th of November, about half-past nine o'clock, the prisoner and two others came in - they asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs; I said we did not keep ladies' silk handkerchiefs - they said gentlemen's would do - there were seven silk handkerchiefs in a bundle, and I showed them to them; they said they did not like them - they prisoner then asked me to look for some cotton stockings, and, while I did so, she ran off with a silk handkerchief from a piece of flannel - my mistress came in, and said she had run off with a silk handkerchief; I pursued her some distance, and found her with it - a man assisted me to bring her back.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWSKIN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Mather. My mistress called me to go and assist, as a girl had stolen a handkerchief; I ran down Bedfordbury, and met Pearce and the prisoner coming back; I took hold of her arm, and brought her to the shop - Pearce had the handkerchief in his hand.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoner was given into my custody.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief was not in the paper - it was laying on a piece of flannel; a young woman gave it me to take to my lodgings; a young girl whom I met, asked me to go with her to buy the handkerchief; I never asked for any stockings.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
