





563. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Beaton
                     



                  , one pocket book, value 18 d., and five 1 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Lewis
                        




.


                  EDWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a sailor
, of the ship Preston. On the 12th of April I received 10 l. and four 1 l. Bank notes. I bought some clothes, and changed the 10 l. and then had six 1 l. notes out of the 14 l. I went to the Golden Anchor, public-house, in East Smithfield


 - the prisoner was there, sitting with a broom in his hand. While he was there, I took out a pocket-book and a 1 l. note, which I gave my landlady to get changed for me. I went out with my landlady, and in about a quarter of an hour I missed my pocket book, I went back to look for it, and so did my landlady. It was about three o'clock in the afternoon. The landlord took a candle to look for it, but could not find it - the prisoner was helping us to look for it. I do not know when he went away.
Q. When you took a 1 l. note out of the book, did you put it back again - A. I cannot say whether I did, or whether I dropped it, or put it on the table before me. I had put the silver into it which the landlord gave me. I saw my pocket-book, next morning, about seven o'clock, at the watch-house, and the prisoner there. There was only one shilling in it then.
Prisoner. Q. What part of the room was I in - A. Cleaning knives. I do not know whether he came near me or not. I had two women with me at first - one was a woman of the town. The woman I call my landlady was not a bad woman. I was not very sober. I knew my landlady went back with me.


                  GEORGE 
                  BEATON
               



            . I am a publican, and live in East Smithfield. I do not know the parish the house is in. The prosecutor came to my house on the 11th of April, between three and four o'clock in the evening, with his landlady and another woman. He was in liquor, and stopped a quarter of an hour. The prisoner attended in the room as a waiter
. They all three went out together - he returned in ten minutes, and said he had left his pocket-book on the table, or dropped it. Both the women came back with him. I told him to take a candle and look for it in the corner, as nobody had been in the room since he had left. I looked, but could not find it. The women said they could not find it. The prisoner went out about a quarter of an hour, and brought in a new waistcoat - I asked him how he came by it; he said he came honestly by it, he had plenty of money. I saw he had a watch, which he never had before - and I gave him in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for. I took the prisoner up stairs and searched him, and found eight shillings in silver and a few halfpence. I questioned him how he came by them - he said he had saved them up, that he bought the watch three or four months ago. I told him to take me to the person he bought it of. He then took me to a Jew, who said he sold it to him that very day, for 2 l. 18 s. I said,
"What have you done with the pocket-book?
"He said, he had thrown it behind the water butt in the wash-house. I went and found it there, with 1 s. in it.
Prisoner's Defence. About two hours after he left the room, I swept it, and found the pocket-book.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
Of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
