





Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1985. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BUTLER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        George 
                        Fleming
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE FLEMING. I am a sailor
. I did not know the prisoner till the 12th of October, when I met him in the Commercial-road, as I was going to Stanley-street - as I returned, I saw him again; he showed me a watchchain, and asked me to buy it - I said I had no money. and asked him to let me see it; he showed me the seals and ring: I went along towards the Docks, and went on board for about half an hour - I then came ashore, and he was by the Dock-gate; he walked with me half-way up the road, and kept asking me to buy it - I said I would not, unless he went into a goldsmith's shop, that I might know the value; he refused, and said I should get him into trouble; I said if he would go to my captain, I would buy it - he would not: he then said it was worth 20l.; I said I would not buy it; he then asked if I would buy a a watch; I said, "Where is it?" he said, "Come round the corner," and then said, "Have you any money?" I pulled out a sovereign, and said, "Here is my money, where is your watch?" he snatched the sovereign from me, threw the chain at me, and ran off - I followed him, but two women who were there stopped me; I got from them, and White stopped the prisoner without my losing sight of him - he then said, "Here is your sovereign; say no more about it" - White would not let me do so.
Prisoner. Q. What time was it? A. About two o'clock- I gave him the sovereign about four; I saw no watch - I had money, although I said I had none - I said nothing about my mate - I did not tell him to wait for me - the chain and seals are only gilt - I did not ask a gentleman if they were gold - he would follow me - I could not get rid of him.


                  ROBERT 
                  JAMES WHITE
               



            . I was in East-street, Commercial-road. I had seen the prisoner talking with the prosecutor at the end of the street - they then walked up the street, and I saw two women following them; I was standing near the top - the prisoner and prosecutor turned back, stopped about the middle of the street, and talked - the prisoner then ran up the street, and two women took hold of the prosecutor; I ran, and secured the prisoner till the prosecutor came up - he then said, "Here is the sovereign, take it, and settle it;" I took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. No - I suspected you by the girls who were with you; I was about ten yards off - I did not see you receive the sovereign - I saw it when I took you.


                  JOHN 
                  LEMING
               



            . I am an officer. I received him in charge, and found a sovereign on one of the women - the prosecutor said if the prisoner would give him the sovereign, he would let him go; I searched the prisoner, and found no sovereign on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FLEMING
               



            . I saw him pass the sovereign to one of the women as we went along - she was one of the women who had stopped me; I saw it found on another woman, but not the one he had passed it to.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear to the sovereign? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. Gentlemen, can you believe such a man - he says he can swear to the sovereign - if I had robbed him, would I have given him the goods - the truthis, I had just come from Bristol; I met a man, who sold me these things for 18s., and, having no money, I sold them to this man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
