





THIRTEENTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6.
528. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, four half-crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bevill
                  




               
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  BEVILL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Bevill
               



            , grocer
, of New Gravel-lane


. On the 5th of February, between eight and nine o'clock, I was sitting in the parlour, a woman called out that my till was robbed. My daughter and I went into the shop, and found the woman holding the prisoner. he held out his hand with a half-crown and 2 d., which he said a boy had given him, that he had no more, and if we would let him go, he would never come again. I saw three more half-crowns found in his sleeve - he said a boy had given him the 2 d. to come in and rob the till.


                  HENRIETTA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the daughter of the prosecutrix. I looked in the till half an hour before this happened - I had left four half-crowns there, none had been taken out, my mother's account is correct; he said the half-crown was all he had, that he never came before, and would not come again. I said there ought to be three more, and they were shook out of his sleeve.


                  ELIZA 
                  MOAD
               



            . I went to the shop, and saw the prisoner round the counter with his hands in the till. I gave the alarm and stopped him - three half-crowns were shook out of his sleeve.
Prisoner's Defence. They gave me the money to go in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 9.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
