





1321. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 coat, value 20s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 20s.; 1 gown, value 12s. 6d.; 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 chain, value 2s.; 1 key, value 18d., and 1 seal, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Creedon
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  CREEDON
               



            . I am the wife of John Creedon, who is a labourer
. This property belongs to my son John, and was in my trunk. The prisoner lived with me, as servant
, in Coleman-street-buildings


, on the first floor - the box was in my room, and was kept locked; I saw my son's clothes safe in it between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning of the 27th of July, and my own gown - I had the key in my pocket; I set in the street with fruit all day; about one o'clock the prisoner brought up my dinner, and asked leave to go out, which I gave her - she returned to me about four o'clock, and I gave her the key of the room; she came to me in about ten minutes, and said, "Mistress, the hasp is off the door, and your trunk is open;" I went home, and missed all this property. She left me on Friday, without notice, and on the Tuesday following I saw the duplicate of the watch found in her bosom.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of August I found the prisoner in Wentworth-street; she denied knowing anything of the robbery; I said, "Have you any duplicates?" she said none, and turned out both her pockets; I said I must search her - she then put her hand into her bosom; I saw her move something under her arm: I held both her hands while the prosecutrix took the purse from her bosom, and in that purse I found a duplicate of the watch, pawned at Price's, two doors off - I took her there - he said, in her hearing, that she had pawned it, and had only asked 4s. on it; she said she knew nothing of the other property, but next morning she said voluntarily, "There was another person, named Haggerty, with me, who encouraged me to break open the trunk with a poker - she got the wearing-apparel, and I the watch."(Watch produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A woman came up to the room after me, and asked what was in the box - she broke the box open with a poker; I began to cry - she struck me, and said she would kill me if I spoke.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
