





572. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BOLTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 71 lbs. weight of mutton, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel Rootsey 
                     Ward
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY JENNINGS
               



            . I am apprentice to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Rootsey Ward
               



            , a butcher
, of Great Mary-le-bone-street


. On the 12th of February, at a quarter-past eight o'clock, I was called up, and told a man had run away with a carcase of mutton; I followed the prisoner, and overtook him in South-street, about one hundred yards from my master's - he had turned a corner; I knew it was my master's mutton, and my dressing.
Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say I had the mutton when you came up? A. Yes, you had it on your shoulder, and threw it on a step.
COURT. Q. Are you sure the sheep that was missing was the same he was carrying? A. Yes, my Lord.


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the sheep out of the shop - it hung to the ceiling; he put it on his shoulder, and carried it away - I gave an alarm to Mr. Ward, and saw Jennings go out.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the person? A. Yes - you had a blue frock and an apron; there was a man with you, with a long brown coat on.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWER
               



            . I am a patrol. I was within one hundred yards of the shop, and saw a man pass me with a carcase of a sheep on his shoulder; in a minute I heard the cry of Stop thief! and I went and took the prisoner, whom Jennings had hold of - the carcase of the sheep was about thirty yards from him.
Prisoner. If I am convicted I hope you will send me out of the country - I may do better there than here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
