







Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1030. 
               
                  NATHANIEL 
                  VICARY
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CROSON
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of a certain person whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am one of the City day patrol. On the 23d of May, about a quarter before eleven o'clock in the morning, I was on Holborn-bridge, and saw the three prisoners following two gentlemen up Skinner-street, till they came to Snow-hill; the gentlemen then both crossed over, and went on towards Newgate-street; the prisoners turned about in another direction, and in a few minutes I saw them following a gentleman who had a small part of his handkerchief hanging out of his coat pocket - they continued to follow him, and when they got within a few yards of Hatton-garden


 I saw Saunders take hold of the gentleman's left-hand pocket with his left hand, and put his right hand into the pocket, which he lifted up, and took a handkerchief out - it appeared to me to be a red one; the other prisoners were close by; the gentleman did not perceive it; I saw Saunders hand it to Croson. I was on the opposite side. I ran across, and secured Croson - Lovell, who was with me, took another of them; I put Croson into the watch-house, which is close by, and then ran to assist Lovell, who had hold of one of the prisoners; Cox had the other - I am sure they were all three in company, and close together at the time the handkerchief was taken. I found two handkerchiefs in Croson's hat. I do not know the gentleman - I had no opportunity of informing him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a watchman. I was coming down Hatton-garden, and heard a cry of Stop thief! Saunders was running, pursued by several - he ran the fastest, but I stopped him; Lovell came up, and charged him with picking a gentleman's pocket. I took him to the watch-house. Wiltshire produced a red and yellow handkerchief from Croson, and I have another yellow one found in his hat.


                  JAMES 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I was on Holborn-bridge, and saw the three prisoners following two gentlemen; they left them by Snow-hill, and turned back - a gentleman passed them, whom they immediately followed; he had a parcel in each hand, and his handkerchief hung a little out of his pocket. Between Ely-place and Hatton-garden I saw Saunders take the handkerchief, and give it to Croson; the three prisoners were then together; I and Wiltshire directly crossed - they were then turning up Hatton-garden; Wiltshire took Croson, and I took Vicary - Cox took Saunders; I saw two handkerchiefs found on Croson - one of which was red, with a border to it, and that was the one he took from the gentleman's pocket - it has not been claimed.

CROSON's Defence. The handkerchief belongs to my brother, who is at work in the country.
VICARY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CROSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Life
            .
