






880. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ATKINS
               





             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, nine live tame fowls, price 18 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Breedon
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I live in Type-street, Chiswell-street


, opposite Mr. Breedon's, who is a corn-chandler
. - On the 16th of May I was sitting up for my husband, till a little before eleven o'clock - I saw the two prisoners walking backwards and forwards before the premises; I am quite certain of them: after the watchman was gone off his beat they came again, and Taylor unlocked the stable door - Atkins was on the other side of the way; Taylor went into the stable yard, and Atkins followed him - they staid in some time, and Atkins came out, and went away for about a quarter of an hour; he then came back, and went in again. I saw a light in the stable yard, and when the watchman came at twelve o'clock I gave information, and they were taken in a few minutes.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a watchman. I received information from Knight, and got assistance. I placed some watchmen to prevent persons coming out of the premises; I then went to Breedon's house, and got the key; I opened the door: we rushed in, and found the two prisoners in a cart, which was tilted up; Cox and myself stepped up to secure them: they made a rush, got on the top of the cart, and then on the tiles - I went round a court, and heard a great crash of tiles, and in a few minutes Atkins appeared on the top of a wall; I said, "You may as well come down;" he threw down twenty-three bricks at me, as fast as he could - one of which struck my hat; I stooped down; he thought I had fallen - he then made a bolt, and got down; I followed, and overtook him: I found some picklock keys on him. I took him back to the stable, where we found, in a bag, eight fowls, just killed, and a dark lantern; we went up the steps of the loft where the fowls had been kept, and the padlock had been forced off with the handle of this brush, which has some red paint on it, and their hands were covered with the same paint.


                  JOHN 
                  DENTON
               



            . I was alarmed about twelve o'clock by a crashing of tiles; I got a light, and called the watchman; he came into my yard, and took Taylor into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I was called to assist. I have heard what the first watchman said - it is correct. I saw some pick-lock keys found in Atkins's stocking.
THOMAS BREEDON. I had eleven fowls on my premises. I saw some of them at the watch-house. I had left my premises locked up the night before.
TAYLOR'S Defence. Nothing but poverty would have induced me to do it - I have a wife and three children. I have had a paralytic, and a rupture on my side.
ATKINS'S Defence. I was with this man when the deed was done.
ATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 83.





               Confined One Year
            .
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
