





1081. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FENTON
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, one watch-chain, value 6 d.; one key, value 6 d.; one ring, value 3 d., and one seal, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hopwood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOPWOOD
               



            . I am a cabinet maker
, and live in the Commercial-road. On the 2d of August, between five and six o'clock, as I passed a coffee-house in Osborne-street, Whitechapel, I saw three men standing at the door, the prisoner was the outside one - I passed them, and when I came to the corner of Montague-street


, by the Compasses, public-house, the prisoner followed me, turned round, and laid hold of my watch-chain, it broke, and he ran across with it in his hand, into Wentworth-street - I followed calling Stop thief! the other two followed me, and a man stood in the road, and did not offer to interfere, the other two said,
"D - n you, leave him alone, or we will soon do for you." The landlord of the Two Brewers came out, and said I should be murdered if I went down there, which was George-yard. I returned, and he sent me to the watch-house. When I described the prisoner, they said his name was Tenton. I went down Wentworth-street with Partridge, and saw him come out of a public-house. I am positive he is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  ASBURY
               



            . I keep the Two Brewers. About five o'clock in the morning of the 2d of August, I heard the alarm, and saw Hopwood following the prisoner. I am certain he is the man - I knew him before. I advised Hopwood not to follow, as George-yard is a bad place.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner with a gang of twenty.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the City of Norwich, public, when he took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
