






1021. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARREN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 4 live tame fowls, price 12s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William Hester 
                  Wiggins
               




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
ANN WIGGINS. I am the wife of William Hester Wiggins: we live at Watlington, in Oxfordshire


, between forty and fifty miles from London: we had five guinea fowls on the 14th of April - I saw them safe that evening when they went to roost, and missed them the next day; I had had two of them for twelve months - they were a present, and two of them I bred from chickens; two of them were light, and two dark - I fed them almost every day: one of the dark ones was lame, from the nail being off the middle claw - I have seen their legs and wings since.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many more guinea fowls had you? A. None; I did not tell the Magistrate I could not swear to them - I never saw the legs and wings till this morning; I do not know when they were found - I believe it was the next day.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALL
               



            . I am a green-grocer, and live in Fleet-market. On the 13th of April I saw White in London about half-past ten o'clock in the morning - it was on a Monday.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you see him again? A. On the 15th he came to me in Fleet-market, about two o'clock: he came to me on the Monday to return a coat I had lent him - I have known him five or six months; he lodged at a public-house.


                  JAMES 
                  GARRATT
               



            . I live at Watlington, and follow the plough; I have known White ever since I can remember any thing; I saw him at Watlington on the night of the 14th of April, between twelve and one o'clock, in Cushion-street, opposite Mr. Ives' - I did not speak to him, but I am sure it was him: there were two men with him whom I did not know.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you speak to him? A. No: he almost touched me as he passed - it was a moonlight night, but there was no gas-light; he was no acquaintance of mine - I had seen him before, and spoken to him, but did not on that night; I heard of the loss of these fowls soon after, but I did not tell Mr. Wiggins, or any body else of it nor go before any Magistrate; I was found at a public-house on Whit-Monday - I was quite sober; I am sure it was the night of the 14th, because my master had ordered me to get up that night to draw into Reading: I told this story when they came to me.
COURT. Q. How often in the course of your life had you seen White? A.Almost every day when he was at Watlington.
HENRY HODGES. I am servant to Mr. Stone. I know White well. On the morning of the 14th of April, I saw him and two other men in a cart, about half-past ten o'clock - they were about eighteen miles from Watlington, and going towards it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go before the Magistrate? A. I went before the Grand Jury yesterday, and before a Magistrate; I have known White three months by sight; I cannot say how many times I had seen him; I did not speak to him that morning - I am sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. On the night of the 15th of April I went to the Admiral Benbow public-house, in Golden-lane; I found the two prisoners and two other persons there; Warren seemed as if he had been fighting - he came out of the parlour, and said he wanted to give charge of a man who had been beating him; I saw Harrington, who was with me, take up this bag - he said to Warren, "What is in this bag, and whose is it?" Warren said, "It is mine, and there are four guinea fowls in it:" they were looked at - they were then dead: I said to Warren, "Who did you get them from?" he said, "That person in the parlour," and pointed out White, and said he gave 8s. or 9s. for them; White denied it - we did not take the fowls away that night, butnext morning I went with Buckle to the Benbow - Warren had left the bag there, and Buckle took it; the prisoners were taken, and conveyed to Worship-street, with a man named Pettit: as they were going along, I heard White say to Pettit, "If he can keep his tongue, it will be all right enough;" he was alluding to Warren, who was walking first with the bag.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take the prisoners that first night? A. No; I left them and the fowls there that night - they knew I was an officer; I heard that there were some pheasants lost as well.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You say there was a quarrel? A.There had been a quarrel, and the inspector of the watch called me in; they were tipsy - the bag was there the next morning; White said if he would keep his tongue it would be all right - he pointed to Warren, but did not mention his name.
- I am inspector of the watch. I went to the house, and found the bag, which the landlord gave to Warren when he asked for it; White came out of the parlour, and said, "That is my bag," and he took it from him; I opened the bag, and took out one or two fowls, and left them there.


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. I went and got the bag, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; I then took Warren, and told him I apprehended the fowls were stolen - he said, "I thought so too;" I asked who he bought them of: he said of a man named White, who would be there presently - White then came, and I took him; I wrote down to the constable of Watlington, and kept the fowls as long as I could - I then cut off the heads, pinions, and legs; the heads were offensive, and I could not keep them - these are the legs and pinions; one of the feet has a nail off one of the toes - this is it; I took it off one of the dark fowls.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Where did you find Mr. Wall? A. At his residence in Fleet-market; I believe it was after the first examination - I did not take the plough-boy; he was subpoened here - I did not go on the night before; I heard of it in the morning, and followed Warren and Pettit into the Benbow: White came in in a quarter of an hour; I had not heard of 50l. being offered for some pheasants till the second examination.
COURT. Q. You did hear of the reward? A. I heard there was a reward of 20l. for any burglary in that parish, and an extra 5l. from a gentleman who had lost some pheasants.
MRS. WIGGINS. I believe they are the legs of my fowls - I never had the lame fowl in my hand while it was alive, but I will swear that was the leg of it; I have seen it many times.
COURT. Q. You say two were light, and two were dark? A. Yes; light guinea fowls are rather singular.
WHITE'S Defence. I had the fowls delivered to me from a coach-office in Fleet-market. I asked where they came from, but they did not give me any information on that subject.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARREN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
