





570. 
               
                  ANN 
                  GRATTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 7 blankets, value 14s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s., and 2 sheets, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Nathaniel Rogers 
                        Hewitt
                     




                  , her master
            .
NATHANIEL ROGERS HEWITT. I am a schoolmaster
, and live at St. John's-wood


; the prisoner came to me as a cook
 on the 7th of November last. On the 22d of January the beds were to be made up after the vacation, and I found 7 blankets less than there ought to have been; she was the only servant in the house at the time; I spoke to her about it; she denied all knowledge of the robbery. In consequence of what I afterwards heard, I went to a pawnbroker's in the neighbourhood, but did not find my property there; on the Thursday, I got another account, and told the prisoner she must leave, but I would not turn her out on the Saturday night, but let her stay till Monday - the new servant found a quantity of duplicates in a napkin, which I looked over; the prisoner was out at the time; I did not see any more of her till she was brought by an officer; this was on the day after the duplicates were found; I told her I was not satisfied with her conduct, and had got an officer to search her, and that she had better give the duplicates up; she said she had none, except some out of date; the duplicates found by my new servant were not locked up; I took a copy of them, and told the new servant to put them in the same place - this mark on the table cloth was made by me.


                  MARY 
                  ANN JONES
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutor. I found the duplicates on the Monday under the bed, and took them to my master, who had an opportunity to take down an account of them; I put them again under the bed in the same place as I found them - I went afterwards to look for them, and they were gone; when the officer came, the prisoner denied knowing any thing about them.


                  RICHARD 
                  FAIRLAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This tablecloth was pledged in the name of Mary Williams; I do not know who by; I gave this duplicate to the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker of Mary-le-bone. On the 1st of January, the prisoner brought a blanket to pledge.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a constable of Mary-le-bone. I apprehended the prisoner, and asked her what she had done with the duplicates; she pretended to know nothing - she said she had only two or three old ones out of date.
MR. HEWITT. This is the paper made out by me as a counterpart of the duplicates brought by Jones; they correspond with the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
