





Before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
1053. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HANSON
               




             was indicted was 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 45 ozs. of silver filings, scrapings, and cuttings, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lias
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Lias
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Lias
                     



                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
JOHN LIAS. I am in partnership with my two sons, Henry and Charles; we are silver spoon and fork manufacturers


, and live in Finsbury-street, Middlesex


; the prisoner has been some years in our employ - he was occasionally a porter
, and employed to make spoons, but was not a firstrate maker. On the 11th of April, when he returned from dinner, I asked him what he had done with the silver he had taken out with him; he was confused, and said he did not know what silver I meant; I then requested him to turn out his pocket, but he did not - my son, who was present, put his hand into his pocket, and found some silver scrapings in it, which flew about it - it was a very strong pocket- my son said there was evidence that he had had filings and scrapings in his pocket - I asked if he had sold the silver - he made no reply; I said an officer was gone to search his house - he then said he did not know; he was taken into custody - I had seen him pass the counting-house between one and two o'clock, to go to dinner - he returned between two and three, when this happened.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He worked at piece-work? A. Sometimes; he might go in and out when he liked - he bore a good character.


                  ROBERT 
                  HENRY WALLIS
               



            . I am a journeyman in the prosecutors' employ. On the 11th of April I had been making some salt-ladles - we have a leather apron nailed to the work-board, the other end of which we fasten before us to catch the silver filings - I went to dinner about twenty minutes after one o'clock that day - there was then about 9 ozs. of scrapings in the apron - when I took it off my neck I hung it over the rack to keep them in; I left the prisoner and several others in the shop; I came back in about an hour, and missed about 4 ozs. of scrapings and filings.
Cross-examined. Q. How many men did you leave behind? A. There might be six; I was absent when the prisoner returned.


                  JAMES 
                  BERRY
               



            . I work for Messrs. Lias, and was in the work-shop on the 11th of April, when Wallis went away, and I left the prisoner there about half-past one o'clock, with Hagger, the boy - the rest of the men were all gone before me - nothing was ever done to Wallis' apron while I was there, or I must have seen it.
Cross-examined. Q. How large is the work-shop? A. About twenty feet by twelve. I was shaping spoons; I could see all round the shop while I was at work, and am certain nobody touched the apron.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGGER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Messrs. Lias. I was left in the shop with the prisoner, and nobody else; after Berry was gone master sent me out; in about a quarter of an hour I left the prisoner alone in the shop; when I returned he was gone; nobody touched the apron while I was there; I was not absent more than three minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you kept your eye very close on it? A. I sat opposite - Berry was working about eight feet from it; nobody could touch it without my seeing them; nobody went near that side of the shop.


                  HENRY 
                  LIAS
               



            . I am in partnership with my father. On the 11th of April I sent Hagger on an errand; the prisoner was left alone in the workshop; he was about six yards from Wallis' apron; in consequence of information which I received I went, with Brown and Manning, to the prisoner's lodgings, in Whitechapel-road; I saw a box found there, containing 45 ozs. of silver filings, scrapings, and cuttings; it was worth 5s. an oz. - before we went there, I had all the men searched, except the prisoner, who was the only one absent; nothing was found on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to all their lodgings? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's house; I found this silver there, and in a basket was a crucible, with some charcoal would melt metal - I afterwards turned out the prisoner's pocket, and found a small portion of silver filings.


                  JOHN 
                  LIAS
               



             re-examined. The filings found in his pocket are such as were in Wallis' apron - those found at his house are also the same.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose there was nothing to distinguish them from other filings? A. No; except thatthere is a portion of wood, which at times comes off the block in scraping the spoons, and one piece of wood answers to Wallis' block, which is here.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Where did you first see this wood? A. It was among the filings when we first found them.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . This piece of wood was among the filings when I found it.
R. H. WALLIS. This is the block which I work with.
Prisoner's Defence. I turned out my pockets without refusing - the charge is totally false - nobody could take any thing without being noticed, and as to the strong pocket, in my last place I have been trusted with 500l. or 600l. - the piece of wood was not among the filings when it was examined.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
