





703. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  WICKS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 7 live tame fowls, price 7s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hedges
               




            .
HENRY HEDGES. I live at Hayes, in Middlesex


. On the night of the 18th, or morning of the 19th of February, I lost seven fowls out of one hen-house, and two from another - and, on the morning of the 20th, a constable informed me that a young man was in custody - I went to Uxbridge and gave a statement of the loss - but I did not choose to swear to more than one, which was a very fine cock, though I firmly believe the others were mine - the prisoner was perfectly acquainted with my premises - he had groomed a horse for a son of mine about two years ago - I do not know where the prisoner has lived the last few months.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGS
               



            . I am one of the Bow-street patrol. I met the prisoner on the Sunday night, a quarter before eleven o'clock, with a person - the prisoner had a sack on his back, and I asked him, what he had got? his companion said, they had two pigs - I said, it was a strange time to carry pigs about - they said, it was no business of mine - I brought them to a public-house, and found the fowls in the bag - they were dead - I delivered the prisoner and the fowls to my partner - his companion escaped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I came up just after the prisoner had been stopped - he took me to the place where he had got the fowls from.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a native of Hayes, and I was going along the road - I found a man (with a sack on his back), who was going to Southall - he said, there were two pigs in it - I took it on my back, and the officer came and asked what was in it - I said I did not know.
COURT to HENRY HEDGES. Q. Where were these fowls? A. In the chicken-houses under a barn, near some cart-pens - they got into the barn from the cart-pens, and then through the floor into the chicken-houses.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
