





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
1130. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEWART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Hunter
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           English
                        



                     
                  , about ten o'clock on the morning of the 9th of June
 (no person being therein) and stealing a coat, value 5 s.; a waistcoat 4 s.; a handkerchief 1 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cherry
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CHERRY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cherry
               



            , we lodge at Bow


. On the 9th of June, I went out at ten o'clock leaving nobody in the room. I fastened the room door, but the street door was left open for the workmen. I returned in twenty minutes, and as I went up the stairs, I saw the prisoner run out of my room, he ran up another pair of stairs - I asked what he was doing there, he enquired for some man - I told him he had opened my door, and been into my room - I called for assistance, a neighbour ran for an officer, and he was secured. I went into the room and found my husbands handkerchief spread on the floor with his coat and waistcoat laid in it, but not tied up, they were in a drawer when I went out.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I was sent for and took the prisoner. I found a chisel on him which I compared with the marks on the door, where it had been forced; it completely tallied.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 67.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
