





596. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 3 hats, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  THORN
               



            . I am a fruiterer and green-grocer, and live in Percival-street


. Mr. Smith is a hatter
. On the 19th of January the prisoner came in, and wished to leave two umbrellas for me to take care of; I had some suspicion of him, and watched him - I saw him go into Mr. Smith's shop, and come out again with three hats; I watched him a little way further, and saw him go up Seward-street - I then went to the shop, but there was no one there; at length a person came down, and said no hats had gone out of the house, to her knowledge; I then pursued the prisoner, and took him with these hats, which he said he had bought that morning.


                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the daughter of George Smith. On the 19th of January Mr. Thorn came and asked if we missed any hats; I first said No, but I looked round, and missed three - one from the window, and two from the pegs- I had been out to a neighbour's, with two caps; I left no one in the shop - there was a woman up stairs; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner; I found on him a number of duplicates, and this day-book, which they supposed, at the office, is an account of goods that have been stolen, and how they have been disposed of; the prisoner said this was a d-d blundering business - I produce the hats.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man in the shop gave them to me, and told me to take them to Hackney-road - I was to have 1s. for it. 

               GUILTY
             - Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
