





1780. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 1 tea-caddy, value 30s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.; 1 sovereign; 16 half-crowns, value 35s.; 12 sixpences, and 960 farthings, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Hyams
                     




                  , her mistress
            .
ELIZABETH HYAMS. I live in Stoney-lane, Hounsditch


, and am single - the prisoner was two or three months in my employ, and slept with me. On the 12th of June, between three and four o'clock in the morning, she got up; she had been but two days out of the hospital; I said"What are you up so soon for?" she said the place wasvery dirty, and she would get up and clean it; I fell asleep- and when I arose she was gone; I lost 4l. 1s. in money; there was a quantity of half-crowns, and 1l. in farthings; it was all in my tea-caddy, in my bed-room; I had seen it safe three days before; she saw me put it there - I went and told her sister, who lived opposite; eleven days after a young woman gave me information; I went with the officer and took her; but have found none of my property.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  PINERO ISAACS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended her on the 25th of June, and found the duplicate of a handkerchief on her.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Martin, of Tooley-street, a pawnbroker. I have a handkerchief pawned on the 22d of June, in the name of Ann Murphy, and gave the person the duplicate produced.
Mrs. HYAMS. I believe this handkerchief to be mine.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutrix had been twice divorced, was a common prostitute, and that she had given her the handkerchief in part of her wages.
Mrs. HYAMS. I was divorced about eight months ago; I never gave or sold her the handkerchief; I had worn it on Sunday.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
