







147. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WHITMARSH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HUTTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 140 lbs. of lead, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Woolf 
                        Hyams
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.
WOOLF HYAMS. I live in Gracious-alley, Wellclose-square


. The water-pipe and lead from the roof, were cut off and stolen. I found the prisoners in custody - they had swept the chimneys three weeks before.


                  EDWARD 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I was alarmed on the 29th of October, by the water running into the prosecutor's cellar - I live next door. I tried the door, found it open, and the water-pipe cut away from the cellar; I looked under a stall-board near the door, and found two soot sacks partly full of lead, and a drum case with lead, a ripping chisel, and a pair of shoes by the side of them. I suppose the thieves must have been disturbed; a neighbour said he thought they were in the house. I ran up to the backgarret, which had no chimney, and found the door barricadoed; I pushed it open, and found the prisoners in the room. I asked them what they did there? they said nothing. I examined the roof, saw part of the lead was taken off, and the rest loosened; I fitted one piece of the lead to the skylight.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WHITMARSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HUTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
