





1901. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 truck, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Buckwell
               




            .
JOSEPH HOWE. I live with Mr. Charles Buckwell, a wheelwright
; he lets out a truck for hire. On the 28th of September, the prisoner came and rang the bell - my mistress came down, and he said, he wanted a truck for Mr. Beard, the baker - she told him he should have it in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and told me to get it - I went to take it to Mr. Beard, and met the prisoner in Long-lane; he put 1s. into my hand, and said, that would do, and that he was going to take it to the wharf, to get a little lime - I went home, and asked my mistress, if I had not better go and see if it was all right, which I did, and it was not; I have seen the truck since - it has been painted blue, and my master's name, which was in yellow letters, is scratched off; it was a lead colour before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BEARD
               



            . I am a baker. I never wanted the truck, nor sent the prisoner for it; I know nothing of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I live with Mr. Moore; the prisoner came and asked me, if I had the key of the pound, and asked me to let him put the truck in there, which I did - the next morning he came with a paint pot, and painted the front of it - Maybank afterwards brought him to the pound, and made him take it away.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUCKWELL
               



            . I keep trucks to let out: I am certain this is my property, though my name is not on it now - I never would have permitted my boy to let the prisoner have it, being a stranger.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a broker, and live in King's-road, Chelsea - the prisoner came to me on the 29th of September, and asked, if I wanted to buy a truck - I asked where it was - he said, at the Admiral Kepple public-house - I said, "I did not want it, but I knew a person who I thought did;" I took him to Mr. Biggs, who said, he was the person he wanted, and gave him to the officer.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported Seven Years
            .
