





1329. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        Coram
                     




                  , in the night of the 9th of May
, and stealing 5 snuff-boxes, value 1l. 11s.
            , her property.
MARGARET CORAM. I am a widow
, and live in Clothfair


; I rent the house - I deal in snuff-boxes
 and other things. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 9th of May, I was sitting in my shop, near the window, where the snuff-boxes were in a paper case - a pane of glass was cut, which was quite whole before this; I did not hear the cutting, but I saw the case drawn out about two inches; I saw two boys at the window, and could distinguish their features, as there was a great light from the gas; the prisoner was the biggest of the two. I went to the door, and took hold of the prisoner; the other ran away with the boxes; I should think it was light enough to see a person's features. I did not see more than the two boys.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Smith, a woollen-draper, who lives nearly opposite Mrs. Coram's. - About half-past seven o'clock in the evening of the 9th of May, I was standing in the shop, and saw the prisoner and four more; I watched them till eight o'clock - there is a book shop nearly opposite, which they were looking into- about eight o'clock I saw them opposite Coram's - three of them went one way, and the prisoner and another went up to the shop; they stood there about five minutes - the prisoner had his back to the window, and the other was between him and the window; the other shoved his hand against the window, and then ran away; I could not see whether he took any thing; Mrs. Coram ran out, and asked who had broken the window; I said the prisoner was one of his companions.


                  JOHN 
                  RYLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoner - he had nothing but a bit of wood.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home through Clothfair; a little boy asked me which was Smithfield - I pointed it out to him, and was standing there when the lady came out, and said, "Did you see any body run away?" this man came out, and said I was one that cut the window - a lady came up, and said "Never mind - I will say you did not break it," and she gave me her direction, but I forget it.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
