





1046. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HODSOLL
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a labourer in the East India Company's service, at the tea warehouse in Cutler-street. On Saturday, the 18th of May, the prisoner came to the warehouse, and presented me a permit for four chests of tea, one of which was No. 8720 - he said he came from Mr. Goodey for a chest of tea, that he was his porter, and this one chest was wanted immediately to go into the country by a waggon, and that the carman was gone to the Docks, and would call for the other three on his return; I believed this account and delivered it to him; he took it away on his head. This was about half-past two o'clock. Goodey's carman called a quarter of an hour after, and wanted four chests; I told him one was delivered to their porter. I had told the prisoner to take the permit with him, to prevent its being seized - he said his order was to leave it with me. On Monday I saw him in custody. I am certain of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not know Mr. Goodey - A. No. I should not have delivered it unless he had produced the permit. I knew Goodey by name. The permit is obtained at the Permit-office. There is never any other document brought to me.


                  JAMES 
                  HONOUR
               



            . I am a labourer in the East India Company's service. The prisoner brought the permit to Walker. I helped the chest of tea on his knot; he went away with it.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Goodey
               



            , who lives in the Borough. I know the prisoner; he was never employed by Mr. Goodey. I saw him on the 18th of May, about a quarter before three o'clock, in Fenchurch-street, with one chest, as I was going to fetch four chests; I knew him before that; I said nothing to him, but went to the warehouse for a request note to go to the Excise-office for a permit for four chests of tea, and could not find the request note in the box - I was going out of the yard, and Walker called to me; I found he had the permit, and, in consequence of what he told me, I informed my master.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GOODEY
               



            . I am the nephew of 
               
                  George 
                  Goodey
               



            .I have known the prisoner about six months; he was never in our employ. I assist in the business. My uncle bought four chests of tea; I never gave the prisoner orders to get this tea, nor did I give him the permit. Any man might get a request note for permits - I had no intention of sending one of the chests into the country. I saw the prisoner about twelve o'clock on Saturday night, in a state of intoxication. He was taken about nine o'clock on Sunday morning; I told him what he was taken for; he said he knew nothing about it; that he did not know what I was talking of - he resisted. He afterwards said he had lodged it with 
               
                  John 
                  Searl
               



            , in the Borough-market. I have not found it; it is worth 23 l. Searl and Byfield were apprehended in consequence of what he said.
Cross-examined. Q. What is he - A. A porter in the Borough-market - I never saw him at work. I saw him at twelve o'clock at night drunk; I went to the watch-house, and on returning he was gone. He did not say he was employed by Searl and Byfield to get it.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GOODEY
               



            . I am a tea-dealer in the Borough. I had bought four chests of tea. I never gave the prisoner orders to apply for them - he was unknown to me. I did not intend to send any of them into the country. I sent the carman for it; he only brought three chests.
MR. PHILLIPS addressed the Jury on behalf of the prisoner, stating that his account was that a person sent him with the permit, and he was to lodge the tea at Searl's house.
JURY to WALKER. Q. Is it usual for porters to bring permits for four chests and only take one - A. Yes. We always ask if they belong to the persons named in the permit.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
