





331. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Camper
                        




                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Butland
                        




                     
                  , on the night of the 29th of December
, and stealing 1 pearl ring, value 40s.
            , their property.


                  JAMES 
                  CAMPER
               



            . I live in Whitechapel-road


, and am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Butland
               



            ; we are pawnbrokers

; we both live in the house, and pay the rent jointly. On the 29th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in the room behind the shop, and was called; it was quite dark - I went into the shop, and found the patrol there, with the prisoner in custody; he said the window had been cut, which I found was the case - it was safe a quarter of an hour before; I minded the prisoner while the patrol went out, and brought in a wire; a small piece was taken out of the glass, and I missed a pearl ring, worth 40s., which was safe a quarter of an hour before, when the glass was entire - a person could have drawn it out with that wire - it has never been found; the prisoner said he knew nothing about it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would you not sell it for 40s.? A. No; it was worth 50s. to sell; I had looked at every pane in the lower part of the window a quarter of an hour before - I did not offer to take 4l. to make this matter up.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 29th of December, I saw the prisoner and three others at the prosecutor's window; the prisoner had a piece of wire in his hand, putting it through the corner of a square of glass - I secured him; two of the others were on his right hand, and the other on his left - they went away immediately - I took him into the shop, returned, and picked up the wire which dropped from his hand, and gave it to Camper.
Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to them? A. I was at his shoulder when I saw him with the wire - I took him in the act; two other persons saw this - they are outside - I believe Jarrett was one of them - they might have seen me if they liked; the prisoner's back was towards me.


                  RICHARD 
                  JARRETT
               



            . I am a box-maker, and was in Whitechapel a little after six o'clock - I saw the prisoner and three others at this window, doing something which Icould not perceive, as they stood close together - I saw the patrol go, and look over the prisoner's left shoulder, then seize him, take him into the shop, and give him to Camper - he said nothing to the charge; the patrol came out, and picked up the wire under the window; it was crooked at each end; a person could reach any thing out with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him give any thing to the other men? A. No; they ran away - no ring was found on him.


                  JAMES 
                  CAMPER
               



             re-examined. The ticket, which the ring was attached to, was drawn close to the hole, and then separated from it - it had two on it, and one was left there.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s. only, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
