





1641. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Conrad 
                        Meyer
                     




                  , on the 19th of June
, with intent to put him in fear and danger of his life, and his monies, from his person, feloniously to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to be with intent to rob the said Conrad Meyer.
CONRAD MEYER. I am a Swiss. On the 19th of June I was sitting on the trunk of a tree in Kensington-gardens


, about one o'clock; I received a heavy blow from behind, which stunned me; I then got a second blow - I did not see any person near me; I thought I was about to be murdered, but I got up, and two men very kindly came to me.


                  DAVID 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am a cork-cutter, and live in William-street, Regent's-park. I was in Kensington-gardens, heard a cry, and ran with another person in that direction - I saw the prisoner running towards us, in an opposite direction to Mr. Meyer, about a furlong from him - he then turned, and went in another direction, at a good pace - I went up to him, and asked what was the matter; I did not distinctly hear his answer then; but afterwards, when I returned from assisting Mr. Meyer. (whom I left bleeding on the box with the porter.) he told me he was in want - the grass was very high, and I could not see whether any one else was near Mr. Meyer.


                  JOHN 
                  LUGARD
               



            . I was with Stewart, in Kensington-gardens. I heard a cry of Murder! and saw Mr. Meyer run without his hat; I looked after him, and at some distance I saw the prisoner walk, and then begin to run; he was the nearest person to Mr. Meyer; he walked up towards us, and I asked him what he did to the gentleman - I think he said, nothing; I took him, and Stewart went to see for Mr. Meyer; there was a labouring man stood with me; the prisoner asked me to let him go; I said I would not; he said he was doing his business, and the gentleman came and took him by the collar, and said the park was no place to do any thing of that kind in; he then wanted to go again, but I said, "If that was all, he had nothing to fear."
Cross-examined by MR. FISH. Q. There was a considerable concourse of people, was there not? A. No; the prisoner was on one side of the river, and we were on the other, which is a considerable distance; he was going in a direction from the gentleman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WRAGG
               



            . I am keeper of the gardens. Mr. Meyer was brought to me in a state of great ill-usage, and then the prisoner was brought; I took him to Mr. Meyer - he fell on his knees, and said, "Sir, I humbly beg your pardon for what I have done - I have done wrong."
Cross-examined. Q. Were there many people about? A. Not many; I found this veil on the prisoner's person, which is used to put before the face.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I received the prisoner at Bow-street;I found a phosphorus-box and nine matches on him, a chisel, and nine duplicates; I went to look for the weapon the next morning, and found this stick.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALE
               



            . I was there and heard the cry; I saw the gentleman staggering about, and bleeding very profusely; I conveyed him up to the gate.
COURT to PROSECUTOR. Q. Did you see any person near you that you spoke to about relieving themselves? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  KENFIELD
               



            . I was going to take a boat from the water, and heard the cry of murder; I saw the gentleman, and I thought he had been cutting his own throat; I went and inquired which was the man; I collared the prisoner; he said he begged my pardon, and was sorry for what he had done; he was in great distress; I said, "What did you do it with an instrument?" he said,"No, a stick which I took up in the gardens."
Prisoner's Defence. I merely said, when he came and said the gentleman had his clothes all over blood, and he supposed it was done with a sharp instrument, that I had seen it done with a stick, but I had not done it; when I knelt down and begged the gentleman's pardon, I was treated shamefully.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
