






1500. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BRIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April, 1819

, 1 box, value 10s.; 3 rings, value 12l.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 5s.; 3 brooches, value 1l.; 2 necklaces, value 7s.; 1 locket, value 1l.; 1 medal, value 7s.; one muslin dress, value 2l.; 2 shirts, value 1l.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; one lace square, value 1l.; 2 veils, value 1l.; 2 petticoats, value 10s.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 1 spice-box, value 2s.; 1 trinket box, value 1s.; 18 crowns, 3 shillings, one 30l., two 5l., and five 1l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  John Richard 
                  Taylor
               



            , (since deceased); and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRIGGS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am the widow of John Richard Taylor - he was alive at the time this property was stolen - we lived at No. 30, Fleet-street



; he was inspector of franks at the General Post-office
. On the 12th of April, 1819, Elizabeth Briggs, the prisoner, was in our service - I knew all the rest of her family, but not her father, who is the other prisoner; I had another servant at the time - on that day, we were at dinner about four o'clock, and I heard Elizabeth scream on the stairs; we all ran out, and saw her screaming, and very much terrified - I asked what was the matter; she said there were thieves at the top of the house - we ran up stairs, and found the wardrobe open, and every thing in the bed-room in disorder; I eventually missed all the property stated: I have found a black square veil, a brooch, a spice-box, and a pair, of black ear-rings, which are now in Court - they were found on the 30th of June last; I had left my articles all safe at two o'clock on the day they were stolen - I had been very unwell, and had not left my bed-room till that time: I had no suspicion at all of Elizabeth Briggs - she remained in my service from six to nine months afterwards - I never discovered who the thieves were; I lost a 30l. note and some medals in a mahogany case.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.This girl had been in your service some time? A. Yes; two years before this happened, and conducted herself exceedingly well.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a constable of Mile-end Old-town. I have known Thomas Briggs about six months - he is the father of the other prisoner - he came to me on Monday, the 29th of June, respecting a warrant which he wanted against his son George for striking him- I said he must apply to the office; he then said he wished to speak to me respecting a robbery which took place ten years ago; I told him to go to the watch-house, and said I should be there presently - he went to the Hay Field public-house, and I found him there; he told me his daughter had committed a robbery on a Mr. Taylor, of Fleet-street, and among the other property was a 30l. note; he said that note had been changed at Mr. Manning's, a linen-draper, at Aldgate, and with the produce of it he had built a cottage in Pocock's-gardens, Bethnal-green - he said there were a number of medals which he had pawned at a pawnbrokers's, in Church-street, Mile-end, New-town, and that the property was brought away in a mahogany box, and the box was sawed up for fear of a discovery; I went to Mrs. Taylor's, and found the robbery had been committed at the time; I found Elizabeth Briggs by the direction which her father gave me in writing, at No. 34, Union-street, Well-street, Oxford-street, where she was living with her uncle, who is a shoe-maker - I said I wished to speak to her; I went upstairs with her and Mrs. Taylor - I asked her if she knew any thing of the robbery - she burst into tears, and said she did; I asked if she knew any thing of the mahogany box - she said she did; she at first said she found it on the stairs, but afterwards said she did not, and admitted that she took it home to her father and mother, then living in St. John-street, Clerkenwell, but could not recollect how she took it - I asked if she knew the contents - she said she did not, it was not opened in her presence; I searched her box, and found this lace square, and after her examination she told me I should find these other articles at her brother's - I went there, and found two boxes which were sealed and brought away - these things were in them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ask how she came to do this? A. Yes, and she stated that her friends were in great distress, through her father's miscorduct and drunkeness, and she had never had a day's health since; she was in great distress - I had her in my arms for nearly two hours at the office; she said she had many times thought of going to divulge it to her mistress - I have heard a very good character of her.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Briggs
               



            . I told you I found the medals in adrawer; I had no box, and as for the 30l. note, I never saw it. Witness. He said he did not see the note, but it was changed, and he had built the cottage with the money.
Thomas Briggs' Defence. I will swear most solemuly that none of that property ever came into my hands; my wife has brought all this evil upon me and my family - a little while back she sold the house in my absence, and absconded; I wanted my son-in-law to take the remainder of my things, but my son George came and took them unknown to me; I went to him to get him to sell them to a broker; he said the broker would only give him a few pounds for them - I went to him on Sunday week, for my blacking-brushes and some other things, and he was going to turn me out; I would not go out, and he knocked me down in the passage, and gave me a black eye; I went to the office to get a warrant, and in the heat of my temper I told the officer this; I have been like a madman since my wife left me.
Two witnesses gave 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Briggs
               



             an excellent character.
ELIZABETH BRIGGS - GUILTY. Aged 29.
Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, on account of her youth at the time of the robbery, her good conduct since, and believing she was induced by her father to commit the offence.



               Judgment Respited
            




.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRIGGS
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 59.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
