






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1341. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FOYLE
               




             was indicted for that, 


               at the General Session of the Delivery of the Gaol of Newgate, holden for the City of London, on the 22d of June, 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Archer
                     



                   was tried and convicted on an indictment for feloniously stealing, on the 12th of April, seven 5l. notes, and five hundred 1l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Chaplin
                     



                   and others, his partners, and was thereupon adjudged to be transported beyond the seas, for seven years; and that the said James Foyle, before the said felony was done and committed (to wit), on the 11th of April

, feloniously did incite, move, procure, and counsel the said Edward Archer the felony aforesaid, in manner and form aforesaid to do and commit
             - and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ARCHER, alias 
BARTLETT





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said notes, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



             produced a copy of the record of the conviction of Edward Archer - (read).


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  FREDERICK STONEBRIDGE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Robinson, Bolton, and Watt, of Birmingham - they have a house in town. On the 11th of April I procured seven 5l. Bank notes, Nos. 6538 to 6544, dated the 8th of March, and five hundred 1l., Nos. 80,001 to 80,500, and enclosed them in a parcel, directed to Mr. John Robinson, Soho, Birmingham; I took it to the Spread Eagle, Grace-church-street, and delivered it to the prisoner Foyle, at the coach-office, and paid him 2l. 4s. 6d., as an insurance on it, as a valuable parcel.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How do you know the numbers of the notes? A. I took a memorandum of them at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOK LARKMAN
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Spread Eagle, and was so in April, and so was Foyle. I was not present when this parcel was brought, but Foyle pointed it out to me, and told me it was insured for 535l.; it was directed to Mr. Robinson, Soho, Birmingham; I delivered it to Evans, the guard of the Birmingham coach - Foyle was in the office, three or four yards from me, when I gave Evans particular directions about it; I referred to the book, and saw it entered in Foyle's hand-writing; the other parcels were called over to me by the porter - I checked them off, then gave Evans this, stating it to be a valuable parcel; Foyle went away, according to his custom, before the coach started.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did any thing more happen than there does every night? A. No - he left at his usual time.
COURT. Q. When you gave the parcel to the guard did you speak loud? A. No - I leaned over the counter, not wishing every body to hear me - I think Foyle must have heard me, as we were both behind the counter - here is Foyle's entry of the parcel, "No. 8, Robinson, 535l. insured, 2l. 4s. 6d. paid."


                  RICHARD 
                  EVANS
               



            . I was guard of the Birmingham old post-coach. On the 11th of April Larkman gave me this parcel - it was directed to Robinson and Co., Birmingham; he gave me particular directions about it; I put it into the back seat inside the coach; a man got into the coach unknown to anybody, at the Bull and Mouth - Icannot myself say that Edward Archer was in the coach. When we got to Birmingham the parcel was gone. I was taken into custody, and detained seven weeks, till inquiry was made; the coach stopped at Market-street, to supper; a young man who was inside left the coach at Stoney Stratford - he gave me and the coachman 1s. each.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How many inside passengers had you? A. Three from the office, but I had four before I got out of town; a young woman got out before we got to Market-street, and we took her up again beyond Market-street, the other three passengers got out at Market-street, to supper - they got in after supper, and were all three inside when the young woman got in again; I never had valuable parcels with that coach before, but I have with others; if this had not been too large I should have put this into the bottom of the front boot; I could not get it into my side pocket; I should have done the same on any other night.
Q. Did you not put it into your pocket when Larkman gave it to you? A. No; I put it under my arm, and took it to the coach; I did not put it inside my coat. The young woman left at Dunstable, and another passenger at Stoney Stratford.
AUGUSTUS FREDERICK STONEBRIDGE re-examined. I put two magazines into the parcel with the notes - it was five or six inches square; it might, perhaps, with difficulty, be put into an inside pocket.
MR. ADOLPHUS to JOHN BROOK LARKMAN. Q. Did not you see the guard put it into his breast pocket? A. Yes; I could not see his pocket, but he put it into his breast, buttoned his coat, and took it to the coach.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANNEL
               



            . I lived at the Rose and Crown public-house, Little Britain; Evans lodged there. I used to take his coat and luggage to the Bull and Mouth. On the 11th of April, when I took them, Edward Archer(who was convicted here) was inside the coach.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you see anybody else there? A. Two gentlemen; I knew Archer before; he was shabbily dressed, in black, it was not dark.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How long were you there? A. About ten minutes; the guard opened the door, and asked him for the money; he refused to give it him at first, but at last gave him two sovereigns.
COURT. Q. Did you know Archer intimately? A. No - he and his sister lived in Montague-place. I used to take them beer daily.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHASE
               



            . I am a surgeon, and live at King's Norton, Worcestershire. On the 11th of April I got into the Birmingham coach at the Bull and Mouth, about six o'clock; two persons were then inside - one of whom was Edward Archer, who was convicted here last Session; I had a considerable sum of money about me - he was meanly dressed in black; I asked how far he was going; he said to Stoney Stratford; I asked if he lived there - he said No, he was merely going to stop a few days on business. When we stopped at Market-street there were three persons inside (a female who got in at Islington had then got out - she got in afterwards again). I and the gentleman who sat opposite to me supped there - we did not see Archer till we came out; he was then drinking a glass of spirits: he got into the coach, and left at Stoney Stratford.


                  THOMAS 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Inspector's-office at the Bank. On the 12th of April, about eleven o'clock in the morning, Edward Archer, who is convicted brought two hundred 1l. notes to the Bank, for a 200l. note; I took him to the Treasury - I delivered the notes there, and received the 200l. note, which I gave to Mr. Higman; it was given to Archer, to write his name and address - this paper was given to me with the person's address - (reads) - "Thomas Matthews, 21, Euston-square, two hundred 1l. - 200l." - he returned the note to the pay-clerk, but not in my presence.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Can you, from memory, swear to the 200l. note Archer brought? A. No; I received the 200l. note from Mr. Butler, at the Treasury.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am cashier in the Treasury at the Bank. On the 12th of April, I issued a 200l. note, No. 5862, dated the 6th of March, 1826, in exchange for two hundred of 1l., in the name of Thomas Matthews, No.21, Euston-square.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the person? A. No. I asked if he wanted gold for it - he said Yes, so I gave him a 200l. note, as he could get gold for it as well as smaller ones, and prevent spoiling them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GUMMER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Inspector's-office. On the 12th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock, the prisoner George Archer, (who was alone), presented me three hundred 1l. notes - he wanted sovereigns for them, and brought a ticket with them, as usual, with his name and address - here is the ticket - (reads) "
               
                  Thomas 
                  Toob
               



            , Henley-upon-Thames, three hundred 1l." - the notes were inspected, and I went with him to the Treasury, to get three of 100l. each; I accompanied him to Mr. Higman, the pay-clerk, and then took him to Mr. Kingston, in the hall, to get sovereigns for them - he said he wished to go off by the coach. I was about a quarter of an hour with him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was it a busy hour at the Bank? A. Not particularly. Our office is not crowded - very few strangers come there. I have a good recollection of person's features - he was dressed in dark clothes, as he is now; his coat was buttoned - he had top boots, I think, and a slouched hat, I swear he is the man - I cannot be mistaken.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. You saw him for a quarter of an hour? A. Yes. I seldom have transactions of this kind- he appeared to be a countryman.
COURT. Q. Did any other person apply for three hundred sovereigns? A. No - it is not a common circumstance. I saw him at Bow-street about June; I desired his hat to be put on, and then felt certain of him; I did not like to decide till his hat was on. I most firmly believe him to be the man.
MR. BUTLER re-examined. On the same day I paid three 100l. notes, (Nos. 18,248 to 18,250, dated the 27th of February, 1826), in the name of Toob, for three hundred of 1l. - they were to be exchanged for gold. I remember Mr. Gummer coming, but he did not bring the person into the office, as we do not admit strangers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIGMAN
               



            . I am a pay-clerk at the Bank. -On the 12th of April Mr. Middleton brought me a 200l. note; I gave it to the party he pointed out; I do not remember who. In the course of the same morning Mr. Gummer brought me three 100l. notes, which I gave the person he pointed out, and whom I believe to be the prisoner Archer.
Cross-examined by Mr. ANDREWS. Q. How many persons are at the desk with you? A. Only one. I saw him over the desk rail - we sit above the rail - I saw the whole of his person. There was nothing more than common to excite my observation.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENJAMIN KINGSTON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Teller's-office at the Bank. On the 12th of April I exchanged some large notes for gold - I have the notes - here is one of 200l., endorsed "
               
                  Thomas 
                  Matthews
               



            , 21, Euston-square;" here are three of 100l., which were presented together before the 200l. - they are endorsed"Thomas Toob, Henley-upon-Thames;" immediately after I paid gold for these three, the same person presented seven 5l.; it was the prisoner Archer, I am certain; I saw him three different times that morning - the first time he put down a bundle on the desk, and said he had got ones which he wanted sovereigns for; I referred him to the Inspector's-office, to have them examined - he returned in about half an hour, with three 100l. notes, for which I gave him sovereigns, and in five minutes he came with seven fives; I have them here - they are Nos. 6538 to 6544 inclusive, dated the 8th of March, 1826; they were not examined when he brought them, and I directed him to the Inspector's, as before, and to write his name on them - he returned, and delivered them to me; Mr. Lugger, a teller, paid them, in my presence, in sovereigns; here is written on them "seven notes, 35l. - Toob, Henley-upon-Thames," in Lugger's hand-writing. I am certain of the prisoner's person.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You only saw him on one day? A. No; my attention was called to the transaction a few days afterwards, when Edward Archer was in custody. I paid particular attention to the prisoner, for at that time orders were given to take particular notice of persons bringing large notes for gold; I did not look at his dress; his face was sufficient for me; he had a brown great coat on; his hat was not slouched when I saw him.
JURY. Q. Did he come prepared with a bag for the sovereigns? A. I do not know; his saying he had three hundred ones induced me to attend to him; I think he had the notes in a handkerchief: it is an unusual sum for a private person to bring.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES BOUQUET
               



            . I am a Bank clerk, and have an entry of the issue of five hundred 1l. notes, numbers 80,001 to 80,500 - they were paid on the 11th of April for a cheque of 535l., drawn by Moseley - they came into the Bank again next day, and were re-issued that day - there were also seven 5l. notes, numbered 6538 to 6544, dated the 8th of March, paid for the same cheque.
AUGUSTUS FREDERICK STONEBRIDGE. Here is the cheque for which I got the notes - it is drawn by Moseley.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the King of Prussia public-house, Somerset-place, Hoxton. The prisoner Archer came to my house in April, ordered a dinner, and inquired why a beef-steak and cod fish were not taken in for the dinner - they were sent back afterwards, and he dined there with some person, whom I do not recollect. Archer brought a parcel, in a small bag, with him, and said he had been to receive, or was going to pay away, some money - I cannot say which; he put the bag down on the bar door - it sounded as if something heavy was in it - I supposed it to be money - this was between twelve and one o'clock. I was called in afterwards and dined with them.


                  JAMES 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am Archer's son-in-law, and live at No. 51, Shoreditch - I am a silk-weaver. Edward Archer, who was convicted, is his son. Foyle came to our house before Edward Archer was in custody - he seemed in great agitation concerning where Edward Archer was - he wished me very much to tell him where he was, as he particularly wanted to see him; I asked his reason - he told me Edward Archer was going to fight a duel, and he wanted to get him out of the way; I went with him in a coach to Friday-street, Cheapside; I found young Archer there, and took him to Foyle; they had some conversation by themselves, and after that invited me to the theatre - Foyle paid for our admission; we supped together afterwards - I have not seen young Archer since - I think this was on the 13th of April; I never knew the prisoner Archer by the name of Bartlett.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Why do you say it was the 13th of April? A. I believe it was that day - I was not asked about it till last week. Archer left us soon after we left the theatre; Foyle and him stood a long way off in the street after leaving the theatre; then Foyle came back to me, and we supped together. Young Archer was a lawyer's clerk - his father is no business - I understood he did something by commission.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I drive the Southend coach. In June last, the very day Edward Archer was tried here, I dined with Foyle at the Yorkshire Gray public-house, Stratford; he told me he was subpoenaed on a trial at the Old Bailey, and was out of the way - that he should not be seen; after dinner I was coming to town - he said "If any one asks for me say you have not seen me."
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He was then in service at the Spread Eagle, was not he? A. He said he was in the same concern, but stationed at Lincoln instead of town.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKMAN
               



            . I drive the Old Salisbury coach from the Bell and Crown, Holborn. I have known the prisoners fifteen or sixteen years; I never knew Archer by any other name - they were both servants at the Bell and Crown together - Foyle as book-keeper, and Archer drove the Old Salisbury coach - Foyle left twelve or thirteen years ago.


                  JAMES 
                  LEDGER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I apprehended Archer in Whitmore-lane, Hoxton: I said "Good morning, Mr. Archer - I want you;" he said "I heard from a friend of mine that there was a warrant against me - I suppose it is about those notes;" he asked if the name in the warrant was Archer, and said his name was Bartlett; that it was a rascally affair altogether, and his son had been innocently led into it.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS JOSEPH RUTHVEN
               



            . I am principalofficer of Bow-street. I apprehended young Archer at Lewes, in Sussex, on the 9th of May, at a baker's shop - I took him into a room by the side of the shop, and the prisoner Archer was there; the young man had said his name was not Archer; the room door was open, and the prisoner must have heard it; his sister came out of the room, and he said to her "They want to persuade me my name is Archer"; I told her I was an officer, and not to conceal the truth; she said his name was Archer, and I took him. On the 10th of July the prisoner Archer was brought into my custody; I said "How do you do, Mr. Archer - you did not expect to see me so soon;" he said"My name is not Archer;" I said "Yes, it is - you remember my being at Lewes;" he said No - he was not there - his name was Bartlett. On the 12th of July I apprehended Foyle at the Cross Keys at Hull - it is a branch of the concern at London: I asked if his name was Foyle- he said Yes; I told him I had come on very unpleasant business - to take him for the robbery young Archer was convicted of; he denied knowing any thing of it; I said, if I had been informed right, I knew better, for I knew where he had received the two hundred sovereigns from the robbery; he said I must be a strange man for saying so; I took him to the House of Correction at Hull; he there asked if he might have his books, to make up his accounts before he left; I went with the keeper of the gaol to get them from the Cross Keys office; there was a little book some distance from the others - his wife took it up; I saw her open it, and saw a letter in it; I also found a card; his wife was taking the book away - I followed her to the door, and got it from her. Mrs. Foyle wrote on a slip of paper, and gave it to me; I took it to Foyle at the gaol - I did not give it but read it to him; he could see the hand-writing; I used neither persuasion or threat to him - this is the paper (reads)."Tell all, I entreat you - it is only adding to your trouble to act falsely - take care of your health - get the money from Mr. Walton - Mr. Sell and Mr. Chaplin will, I am sure, show you mercy; write directly you get to London." After reading this paper I asked if he had any thing to say; he said No, he should like to see Mr. Chaplin first; I said "You told me you had some money;" he said"Yes, 140l.;" I asked where it was; he said in the pocket-book he had shewn me; he had shewn me this pocket-book; I said I could not find it, and it would save a great deal of trouble if he would tell me where it was; he described a secret drawer in a chest of drawers in the office, and I there found 135l., which I gave his wife a receipt for - it was in notes; I told him afterwards there was but 135l. - he said he recollected changing a 10l. note; I saw him again next morning, and he said, voluntarily, he was very sorry he had done any thing wrong, but that old rascal had come to him several times, as others did, and asked him for a situation - that he had known him at the Bell and Crown, when a clerk there - that he asked if they did not carry a good deal of money at times; he said Yes, and he asked which coach carried most; he told him the Old Post carried a great deal. That these meetings occurred several times; he did not know what he meant, and when he did know he shuddered at it, and had not had a happy moment since. I asked him if Archer's brother had dined with him at the King of Prussia; he said No, that Archer brought him the two hundred sovereigns there in a bag, and nobody was present when he gave them to him, but when the money was paid the landlord was asked in, and partook of dinner with them - he said himself, that Archer and the landlord dined together there - that the landlord's name was Smith, and he had a defect in his eye. On our way to town, at Lincoln, he complained that he wanted money; I said if he applied to the Magistrate he might order me to give up the 135l., he said No, he did not want it - it was Mr. Chaplin's - let him have it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Will you swear he did not say, if it is Mr. Chaplin's. A. He said it was.
WILLIAM CHAPLIN. I keep the Spread Eagle
, and have partners in the coach concern
. Foyle came into my employ in 1820 or 1821, and was in my confidence; I went and saw him in Covent-garden watch-house, in consequence of a message from Ruthven, - Mr. Harmer was with me - he was brought into a room where we were - I did not say a word - he knelt down, burst into tears, and said, it was his first offence - that he had been drawn into it by George Archer, and was very sorry for it; he was much confused and agitated at first; a considerable time elapsed and I asked him if the guard, or any other servants, were concerned - he said not any - that he could not account for the manner in which the influence of Archer worked upon him to lend himself to so base an act; I asked how the parties could have stolen the parcel if the guard was not concerned - he said he informed George Archer where the parcel was placed; I asked why he continued his intimacy with Archer after he left London; he said it was through fear; the card produced by Ruthven is his writing, but the letter is very unlike his usual hand. He said some property had been taken from him, and there was other property, which he should expect me to have, and seemed desirous of doing all he could to restore the property; he said the money Ruthven had was mine - that he received 200l.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he not bear an excellent character in your service? A. I never heard any thing against him. I have a share in the concern he was employed in when apprehended - I recommended him there. (Card read).
"Mr. Archer, butcher, Plumber-street, near the gate, City-road, London - by Steam Packet - carriage paid."
MR. CHASE. The prisoner Archer was not in the coach.
MR. HARMER. I accompanied Mr. Chaplin to see Foyle - he was told that any thing he said might be used against him. I have heard Mr. Chaplin's statement - it is correct; but he also said that he himself had received for the booking of the parcel, and saw another clerk deliver it to Evans, and saw Evans put it into the pocket inside the coach; that he then went over to Old Archer, at the Half Moon public-house, Leadenhall-market, and told him where it was; he said he had 200l. for giving the information, and sought to leave London, to avoid further interviews with Archer.
Prisoner FOYLE to RUTHVEN. Q. Did you not tell me you knew all about it the first time you came? A. I did. I did not say Mr. Chaplin would receive his evidence butnot Archer's; I said Archer was inclined to tell all about it, but his evidence would not be received; I told Foyle I could promise him nothing.
Prisoner FOYLE. It is useless to say any thing as Ruthven has sworn what is not true.
ARCHER'S Defence. I never changed a note at the Bank in my life.
FOYLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ARCHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
