





EIGHTH DAY. THURSDAY, FEBUARY 28.
413. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RIDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 10 lbs. of wool, value 5 s.; and one yard of cotton, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rutland
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  TANSLEY
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  John 
                  Rutland
               



            , a hackneyman
. On the 15th of February, his coach stood under my bed-room window, in the Cross Keys, public-house, New-street, Mary-le-bone-lane


. About a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, I looked, and found the lining cut out, and some of it, with about a sack full of wool stuffing carried away - it was safe the night before.


                  GEORGE 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am watchman of Mary-le-bone. On the 15th of February, just before six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner going up Bulstrode-street, with a bag under his arm, about sixty yards from this coach, and in Wellbeck-street, he put it down by a gentleman's door. I asked what it consisted of; he said,
"A bag with a little wool." I took him to the watch-house with it, and found part of the coach lining under his waistcoat.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I compared the lining with the rest in the coach. I found a phosphorus box and matches on him. The wool appeared to be the same.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I merely picked it up in James-street, Oxford-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
