





1088. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, one watch, value 6 l. 6 s.; two seals, value 7 l. 7 s.; one key, value 1 s. 6 d.; one gold ring, value 12 s., and one ribbon, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick George 
                           Woolf
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  GEORGE WOOLF
               



            . I live in Clements-lane. On the 3d of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming from the vestry of the Lutheran chapel, and just by the oyster shop, in Clements-lane


, a man came behind me on the right side, and endeavoured to push me off the pavement. I turned round and perceived the hand of some person taking my watch. I saw the watch come over my left shoulder, and at the same time, saw the prisoner with both his hands up - there was nobody near me but him; when he ran away, the case of my watch dropped, I picked it up with one hand, and laid hold of him with the other - I am sure he is the man who pushed me. I said, "Where is my watch?" he said "I know nothing of it, I am only just walking up." I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. Was not the prisoner pushed by somebody else - A. Nobody else was near.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was about thirty yards off, when Mr. Woolf laid hold of the prisoner. I saw a man rush through Three King-court. I found the prisoner in Mr. Woolf's custody - he was taken to the watch-house. I fetched Bedford from the oyster-shop, she said she should know the party; she saw the prisoner among several others, and pointed him out.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up the street, on the other side, when the gentleman called Stop thief! two men ran up the court, and nearly knocked me down, Woolf caught hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
