





477. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of February
, one watch, value 10 s.; one chain, value 6 d.; one key, value 6 d., and two seals, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Riches
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  RICHES
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Cloth-fair, West Smithfield. On the 29th of January, at twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Oxford-street, and went home to Burn's-buildings, St. Giles's


. I put my watch on the mantlepiece. In about two hours I got up and missed my watch. Two more persons were in the room; I charged the prisoner with it - she denied it. I called the watchman, who took her directly. She still denied it - he felt about her, but could not find it; and as he was taking her to the watch-house I saw him take it out of her right hand; she said she would break it before he should have it; and she did break the glass. I had given her 2 s. - I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling three o'clock, and was called to this place. I found the door fast. I got in, and asked if she had the watch; she denied it twenty times, and said she only had 2 s. which he gaveher. I felt about her - and as I took her to the watch-house I said,
"If you have it, give it up." She said,
"Well then, it is in the room." I said,
"Then come back." She said,
"He sha'nt have it without 5 s." and that she had not got it; and in going through Middle-row I saw her fumbling, and saw Campbell take it out of her hand; she said,
"Well I have broken it for him at any rate."


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I was with French - his account is true.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SUICH
               



            . I am a watchman. I opened her hand while Campbell took the watch from her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He and another man took me and another woman home. I refused to stop with him for 2 s. and he said he would leave his watch till he brought me 5 s., He afterwards demanded it - I refused it, and he called the watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . She denied having it - she said nothing about his giving it her; but at the watch-house she said,
"Never mind, I have got my story, and he has got his."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
