







220 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WELLINGTON
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  EAST
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November

, 2 live pigs, price 6l.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Draper
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GARLAND
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  George 
                  Shankster
               



            , of Oxford-market, a pork-butcher. On the 30th of November, the prisoners Wellington and Jackson came to my master's shop together, about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening; they asked if we had pork enough for the week, and if we would buy two pigs of them; I asked what they would weigh; they said about twenty-four stone each - they wanted six guineas for the two; I inquired if they were not old ones or sows, as they were so cheap; they said, No; and I took them over to Mr. Elton's house; Wellington put his hand on a pig there, and said they would hang about that length when they were dead; they said, would I go next day and see them - I said I could not - they said they would bring them down, which they did in about an hour - Elton thought it could not be all right from the price they asked; and he asked Jackson what they were fed upon; he said he was never asked such bl-y foolish questions as that when he bought pigs; we then all went, and had a pot of ale; Wellington stood by the donkey-cart where the pigs were; but came in and drank with us; Jackson then asked if I would buy the pigs; I said I had no objection if they were all right; we then asked him how long he had had them; he said from the Monday before, this was on the Thursday; I said I did not like to have them, I thought it was not all right; we then came out of the public-house; Jackson called to Wellington to go on with the cart; Jackson then said I should not have them if I would give him 30s. more; they were very impudent; I followed them to theback of Boston-street, where I knew they lived, as they had applied to me the week before to buy some small pigs of them; I then informed the constable; East came to the office as a witness and was taken.
JOHN DRAPER. I am a labourer
, and live on Murrell-green, near Basingstoke, in Odiham parish



. These pigs were stolen from me on Wednesday evening, the 29th of November; they were in my stye when I went to bed, and at seven o'clock in the morning they were gone; I received information from a gentleman, who brought down a hand-bill - I came to town last Monday, saw the pigs, and knew them to be mine; I know neither of the prisoners.


                  HUMPHREY 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable. About half-past nine o'clock on the 30th of November, Garland gave Wellington and Jackson in charge with the pigs - I showed the same to Draper; I asked Jackson whose they were - he said, "What odds; they are mine, I have four more."(looking at the examination.) - This is signed by Mr. Hoskins, the Magistrate - the prisoners were examined before him (read).
"Wellington says he bought the pigs at Salisbury, and Garland has given false evidence against Jackson; East says he was with Wellington when he bought them at Salisbury, and that Jackson only took them in his cart."


                  ROBERT 
                  CLIFFORD
               



            . I live near Draper. On Wednesday, the 29th of November, Wellington and East came to the house I live at, as ostler, between nine and ten o'clock, with a cart, and called for a pint of beer - I did not notice what was in the cart - Wellington paid for the beer, and they ordered two pipes and a paper of tobacco; they stopped five or six minutes, and asked how far it was to Bagshot - I said twelve miles - they said they should go as far as Blackwater that night - they then left; I served them, and talked with them - I am sure they are the persons; I heard of the robbery next morning.


                  EDMUND 
                  LUCAS ELTON
               



            . I am a pork-butcher. On Thursday evening, the 30th of November, Garland came to me, and said he had two cheap pigs offered to him; I said that they could not be honestly come by - the prisoners then brought the pigs - I went with them to the public-house, and heard Jackson say he had had them since the Monday before.
WELLINGTON's Defence. I live at Jackson's, and hired his cart to take the pigs to Oxford-market for sale.
JACKSON's Defence. Wellington came to live with me on the 12th of November; his horse was knocked up, and his cart broker - he hired my cart to take the pigs to Oxford market, and paid me 2s.
WELLINTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JACKSON 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EAST - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
