





1416. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRIDGES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 1 gig, value 30l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Bennett
               




            .
JAMES BENNETT. I am a coach-maker
, and live in Little Moorfields


 - I let out gigs. The prisoner came to me on Saturday, the 26th of May, between two and three o'clock, and asked if I would let him a gig to go to Hammersmith, to fetch his mother; I asked his address, and he said 
               
                  George 
                  Bridges
               



            , No. 9, Whitmore-row, Hoxton; he fetched a horse, and in about an hour he came and took away the gig - I asked when he expected to return - he said about seven or eight o'clock in the evening; he paid me 3s. for the use of it on going out - if he had told me he should be longer I should have charged him more. The gig did not come back, and on Monday I heard there was a man before the Magistrate - I went, and found him there - he had a cheque in his pocket, for 14l.; I traced the drawer of the cheque to Cockspur-street, and there I found the gig. I certainly did not intend to sell it to him. I inquired at Hoxton, but no such person lived there.
Prisoner. Q. I just wish to ask if it was a gig? A. You may call it a gig or a chaise - he asked for a chaise.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE MERES
               



            . I am an auctioneer, and live in Cockspur-street. The prisoner, who was a stranger, came to me on the 26th of May, about two o'clock, and brought a note from Mr. Cox, an auctioneer, in St. James'-street, whom I knew - this is the note - (read.)
Dear Sir, - The bearer wishes to dispose of a tilbury in your next sale.
I took the gig, but said I had not a sale immediately; I asked what he wanted for it - he said from 16l. to 20l.; I ultimately purchased it of him for 14l.; my man showed the same gig to Mr. Bennett.


                  JAMES 
                  STEWARD MECKLEHAM
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Meres. I showed the same gig to Mr. Bennett which I saw the prisoner leave there - what Mr. Meres has stated is correct. I knew the prisoner about two years ago - he was an auctioneer's clerk.


                  JAMES 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a headborough of Bethnal-green. I took the prisoner on another charge; I found a cheque upon him, which I showed to Mr. Bennett.
W. G. MERES. This is the cheque I gave the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
