





38. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  REASON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 1 linen wrapper, value 2s.; 3 pieces of printed cotton, value 4l. 17s.; 2 pieces of Irish linen, value 2l. 8s. 4d., and 3 counterpanes, value 31s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles Stuart 
                  Benton
               




            .
CHARLES STUART BENTON. I am a carrier
 from Ashford to town. On the 25th of November I brought a parcel to town. and left it safe in my waggon, in New Inn-yard, Old Change


, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, when I went to deliver a small parcel. I returned about twelve, and in consequence of information missed a parcel, directed to Bishop and Hall, Borough; I had brought it from Charles Duke, at Charing, in Kent. I found it at Guildhall about half-past twelve o'clock, with the direction on it; it was opened, and contained the articles stated in the indictment.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There is nobody here who saw it packed up? A. No; it appeared in the same state as I received it.


                  RICHARD 
                  VENABLES
               



            . I am porter at the New Inn. - On the 25th of November, about six o'clock in the morning, Benton's waggon came in, and about eight I was informed a truss was taken from it; I ran into Carter-lane, and saw the prisoner walking, with it on his shoulder - he said a gentleman had sent him for it, and he would shew me the gentleman. I said, "Come with me;" he threw it down, and run away; I picked it up, and called Stop thief! I lost sight of him; I saw him in about half an hour, in custody, at the Albion coffee-house, Watling-street, and was certain of him. He hung his head down on seeing me.
Cross-examined. Q. You never saw him before? A. No; he ran very hard; I saw him for two minutes before he threw it down - he wore a blue coat and yellow waistcoat.


                  GEORGE 
                  SALTMARSH
               



            . I am fourteen years old. I had come up with the waggon, and in about an hour and a half I was coming out of the stable, and saw the prisoner take the truss out, and put it upon his shoulder; I thought he might belong to it, but when I saw him run I called Venables, and pointed him out; I returned, and in about five minutes saw him come running by the Inn, without it; he turned down a street by Old Change. I saw him at Guildhall about twelve o'clock, and was sure of him.
Cross-examined. Q. He chose to run by the same place again? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a tailor. On the 25th of November I saw the prisoner in Carter-lane; he ran by me, with the truss upon his shoulder; the porter overtook him- he then dropped it down, and ran back, by me; I pursued, and lost sight of him, but saw him in ten minutes, and collared him; he said he was the person who cried Stop thief! I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him and the porter speaking together? A. Yes - I think he said a gentleman had sent him after it; he stopped just to drop the truss; I noticed him before he came up, seeing a respectable dressed man with a truss, and after he had passed I heard a cry of Stop thief!


                  JOHN 
                  COPPARD
               



            . I am a draper. These goods were sent to our house, Bishop and Co., Borough - we had sent them into the country, and they were returned to us.


                  GEORGE 
                  STATHAM
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner from Edwards - he said they were mistaken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
