





SIXTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4.
First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1129. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DONOHOUGH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John Patrick 
                        Holland
                     




                  , on the 6th of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 18s.; 14 shillings, and 5d. in copper, his property
            .
JOHN PATRICK HOLLAND. I am foreman
 to Henry Fisher, a stereotype-founder and printer in ordinary to His Majesty; I live in Charles-place, Parrs-place, Goswell-road. On the 6th of April, about five minutes past ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Turk's Head-court, Green Arbour-court, Golden-lane, St. Luke's, Middlesex


; I was going to call on my sister, and instead of passing through the court, as there were some loose girls and young men about the court. I went through a public-house; as I knew the landlord who kept the house, which is a thoroughfare; my sister's door is sixteen or eighteen feet from the door of the public-house; my sister was ill, and I was going to see her - as I passed through the house I asked for the landlord; they told me he was in the tap-room, or something to that effect.
Q. Who told you that? A. The people in the bar; I did not like the appearance of the people who I saw in the bar - that made me ask for the landlord: as I passed through the house I was stopped by a young man whom I knew from childhood; he recognized me; he shook hands with me, and I passed on to the door, and on putting my hand out to lay hold of the door, the prisoner at the bar took hold of my hat, and took it off - he was at the back of me; I did not notice where he stood as I was going out; he must have stood more to the right of me; he was in the house at the time he took my hat off - hewas a perfect stranger to me; I had no recollection of him.
Q. Were there other people with him? A. I think there was another one, but will not speak positive: I turned round and saw him with my hat in his right hand- it was a drab hat; I seized it with my left hand, and endeavoured to recover it; he called others to his assistance.
Q. In what way did he call? A. I do not recollect the words he made use of; a confusion immediately took place, and I then struck him once or twice.
Q. He appeared to call for some one? A. Yes; I struck him; the landlord's son (I believe it was) said to him, "Give the man his hat and left him go; I know his sister - you will get yourself into trouble;" I was then forcibly dragged or carried through a door into the skittle-ground, by five or six persons; there might be more.
Q. Was the prisoner one of those who forced or dragged you? A. He was one of the party; I do not think he ever left - they forced me on the ground; one held me by the throat, by my handkerchief, which was tied closely round my neck, and they pulled my shoes off; I called for assistance - the landlord came in, and asked what they were about; one of them said, "It is a bl - y lark - we will punish the obstreperous b-g-r." I called to the landlord, knowing his voice perfectly well; I called to him for assistance; he asked who I was, and what my name was: he said he did not know me - I said"I will tell you my brother's name;" he said, "Who is your brother?" I said Early; he said, "Oh, you must get out of it the best way you can;" I said "It is very hard to be punished in a relation's house;" he is a distant relation of my wife; he left, and I do not think he had any hand in it; I was much kicked about the hips - I became very weak, and struggled with them; they beat my lips, as they said with the intention of stopping me from hallooing; I received blows in various parts of my body; there were five or six of them on me; I cannot say the prisoner was one of those in the skittle-ground, as it was dark; I could not recognize any face; they took from me my hat, a blue surfont coat, my shoes, waistcoat, and I had at the time 14s. or more in my lefthand waistcoat pocket, and three penny pieces in my other pocket; my waistcoat was torn off, and they scrambled for my money; I was left with my trousers torn. I laid for some short time before I recovered; I then got up, and got out of the door, and when I got up to go to the door they kicked me into the gutter; I said, "I don't care for that, now I have got out;" I knocked at my sister's door, and told her to let me in; I have omitted to say that while taking off my things I said to them,"Don't ill-use me - take what you like;" I was very much ill-used - I could not put my foot to the ground for two or three days. I saw the prisoner again on the 24th of April; the landlord's son had given information, and he was taken on the 23d, I believe; I am quite sure he is the man who took my hat; I pointed him out.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He took your hat off - at that time was he not perfectly alone? A. I have not asserted that they were with him then; I cannot say he was alone; I will not swear that he was not; it happened on Easter Sunday.
Q. I believe they were all pretty tipsy? A. I cannot speak to that; I was perfectly sober: the landlord and his son were looking at part of the transaction.
Q. Do not you know the whole business was a frolic until you hit the prisoner two blows in the face, as hard as you could? A. I acknowledge I did give him two desperate blows in the face - I stood in my own defence. I consider if a man takes my hat off it is with intent to rob me; that was done in the house, not in the skittleground; I was stripped of my coat and things in the skittle-ground: I have not said that the prisoner was in the skittle-ground, or that he was not; I struck him with my right arm - that was the worst of the two, but I had hold of my hat with my left hand; I struck him somewhere about the side of his face, as hard as I could.
Q. Had he done more to you than just twisted your hat off in a frolic? A. I cannot call it a frolic, for I was not one of their party; I have given my reason for going through the house - I know it was dangerous to go through even any of the passages leading to the house; there are several ways out of the house; if you had a sister who you understood was laying in a dangerous state, you would run all hazards to see her. The landlord is not here - his son is, who saw part of the transaction.
Q. Did you say before the Magistrate, that you were struck anywhere except in your heel? A. I did; I have the trousers which I had on; I have not produced them, but they are completely destroyed: I cannot tell whether he was in the skittle-ground - there was one whom I held by the collar; I can describe the dress the prisoner had on; I cannot say what he said when he called out, as there was a confusion altogether.
Q. If he called out, was it not an exclamation at the pain you gave him with the blow? A. No, it was to call his fellow confederates; I believe the whole of them are most desperate characters; they came to his assistance when he called out; I cannot tell what he called out; I was not more than a yard from him. I have known the landlord twenty years - he came into the skittle-ground: when I speak of knowing him twenty years, the landlord had forgot the greater part of my knowing him, for even with regard to the relationship between my wife and him, when he first received the property of his wife's to take this house, he did not know me; he would not know me in the skittle-ground; whether he did know me or not I cannot say; his son knew me - he saw some of the desperate usage.
Q. Had you drank anything that night? A. I had been ill all the week before; I had drank part of two pints of porter - that was at the Weavers' Arms public-house, Grub-street; I went there to see the person who keeps the house; I had not been in any other public-house - I had drank one glass of gin and cloves; it is my usual drink - I cannot do without it, for mine is most injurious business; it is necessary to take something - I am positive I drank nothing else - I had not the appearance of a man intoxicated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLOWER
               



            . My father keeps the Queen's Head public-house, Green Arbour-court, Turk's Head-court, Golden-lane. On Easter Sunday night Mr. Holland cameby my father's bar; I was going out into Green Arbour-court; he was seized hold of by Donohough, who took off his hat - I was standing at the door; I looked round and said to him, "Give the man his hat;" with that the other thieves came directly - took hold of me, and said,"If you speak a word I will kick your entrails out;" then they took hold of Holland and pulled his coat off - they took him between the yard-door, going towards the skittle-ground; they pulled off his coat and waistcoat.
Q. Was he on the ground? A. No, not then; they then pulled off his shoes, then shoved him down on the ground between the yard door and passage, and ran away - then they let me go; I got to my father and told him.
Did you see Holland receive any blows? A. No; when they let me go, he got up and went to his sister's house - he had neither coat, waistcoat, nor shoes on; they took them away.
Q. Were these young men who you call thieves, in company with the prisoner? A. Yes, he was in company with them, and with them assisting in pulling off his coat and things.
Cross-examined. Q. Was your father present at any part of the transaction? A. No; he was not - I swear that; I heard what the prosecutor has sworn about my father - he was not present at any part of the transaction, and knew nothing of it till I told him.
Q. If Holland has sworn your father was present at any part of it, it is not true? A. It is not; I did not call out, as they said, if I spoke a word, they would kick my entrails out.
Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate, that you desired them to let the young man alone, because you knew him? A. I told them I knew his sister.
Q. Did not the Magistrate say, "Then I suppose if it had been a stranger you would not have minded?" A. I told the Magistrate if I saw any robbery done I would prevent it if I could; my father has kept the house about three years and a half - I was standing at the door when Holland came in; his hat was taken off in the house - he turned round, and caught hold of the prisoner; he did not give the prisoner any blows - I was behind his back; he did not strike the prisoner - he could not strike him without my seeing him.
Q. Is all the rest you have sworn quite as true as that? A. Yes; Holland did not appear to me to be in liquor - he had not drank in my father's house; the young men had been drinking ale - they appeared high up in liquor.
Q. Had they not been larking about all the evening? A. Yes, they had; they had been drinking in my father's house about half an hour before Holland came in - Holland's sister lives in Green Arbour-court; he could go directly out of Golden-lane to the court - that is a broad street; he could go into the court without coming through our house - I should not have been afraid to have gone; he did not appear to have been drinking - Mr. Bennett, the Magistrate of Worship-street, told my father he had no occasion to come here; he did not see anything of the transaction at all.
COURT. Q. You did not see Holland strike the prisoner; were you not surrounded by these people? A. I was surround directly Holland's hat was taken off - there was no violent blows used at all; neither to the prisoner nor the prosecutor.
Q. Had you seen these parties whom you call thieves, at your father's house before? A. I had seen them in the neighbourhood; they had been to the bar to have a drop of liquor - but never to sit down and stop at our house before; I had seen them before that in company, in the neighbourhood, and at my father's bar.
JURY. Q. Was you in the bar when the prosecutor first came into the house? A. I was at the door going out to Green Arbour-court; I saw him come in - he had not been in the house long; he came through one door, and was going out at another - he did not stop in the house.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 23d of April - I had been looking for him ever since the 7th of April, three or four nights.


                  SARAH 
                  EATLY
               



            . My husband is a bricklayer; I am Holland's sister; I had been ill, and under the doctor's hands since November last. On the 6th of April my brother knocked at my door, and as he knocked I heard footsteps running past the house; I let him in; he was without coat, waistcoat, or shoes; he appeared very much exhausted; I took him in - he had a scratch on his face, rather on the lip, and on his left ear; I begged of him to go up stairs; after taking him in, I went to Mr. Blower, the landlord; I saw him with a party round the bar, called him aside, and asked if he knew anything about the robbery; he was very saucy, and very much in liquor; the pot-boy was called, and he knew nothing about it; the son was called, and he knew nothing about it; I said they should hear of it in the morning, and in the morning Mr. Blower came to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Then the blows have come to a scratch on his lip? A. Yes, he had a scratch on his lip, and seemed very much exhausted; the son said that night that he knew nothing about it, but next morning he came and acknowledged it.
JOHN PATRICK HOLLAND. I have got none of my property back.




               GUILTY. Aged 17. Of stealing the hat from the person, but not with force or violence
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
