






974. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June

, 250 lbs. of mixed metal, value 2 l. 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ayton
                        



                     
                  ; one basket, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barrows
                        



                     
                  ; and one coat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Redding
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     LACK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  AYTON
               



            . I am a pipe-maker
, and live in Tottenham-court-road. My manufactory is in Shoreditch



. On the 15th of June, I had information that my premises were broken open and robbed. I found it was correct. I missed about 5 cwt. of mixed metal and lead. Next day I went with the officer, and found it at Bridgewater-gardens, at a house. Lack was there. She said she lived there. It is an iron shop - she said it was her shop, and she wanted to know what business we had there. I found some new pewter, which was not mine. She said we had no business to search without a warrant. We found two hundred and fifty lbs. of my metal, covered over with straw, in different places, under the foot of the bed. She said she bought it, and had had it three or four days, and we had no business with it. It was stolen from my premises on the night of the 14th or 15th of June, and this was the 16th. I asked of whom she bought it - she made no reply. I am sure it is mine. We asked her if 
               
                  George 
                  Taylor
               



             lived there - she said No. She afterwards said he did live there; and in searching we found several of his coats. She said they belonged to Taylor, and not to us. We found a great coat which Redding, my carman
, claimed. I went for a cart to take away the metal, and Taylor came up to the door, while I was waiting. Armstrong asked if his name was 
               
                  George 
                  Taylor
               



            , and if he lived there. He said Yes. I said,
"How came you by this metal." He said he had bought it three or four days, and had had some of it a week. It was being put into the cart at that time.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Lack said she lived in the shop - A. Yes, her bed and clothes were there


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARROWS
               



            . I am foreman
 to Mr. Ayton. On the 15th of June, at six o'clock, when I got up, I found the premises had been broken open - the outer door lock was picked, and above 3 cwt. of metal gone. I went to tell my master. I know 
               
                  Harriet 
                  Lack
               



            . I went to the house, and saw her in the shop. I found the metal, basket, and coat - the basket was mine, and was safe in the counting-house on the evening of the 14th. There were nineteen ingots of metal, the same as was stolen. The coat belonged to our carman. I went for a cart, and on returning found Taylor there. I know the basket by the handle, which I had mended myself.


                  MICHAEL 
                  REDDING
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Ayton. On the 14th of June, I left my coat on the top of a crate of glass, in the warehouse. I returned about six o'clock in the morning, and missed it in the course of the day.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a City officer. I went to this shop, which is in the City. We found Lack there. I searched, and found nineteen ingots and a piece of one on the floor, with a little straw over them. She said she bought them three or four days before. Taylor came up the street directly after, Vann asked if his name was Taylor - he said Yes, and that lived there, in the shop, and had bought the metal of one Smith, a plumber. Vannasked what he gave for it - he said he could not answer that. There was only one bed in the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Bridgewater-gardens with the other officers. We asked Lack if she bought any metal - she said No. We went round the counter. She asked if I had a warrant - I said No. I found the ingots under a table, and some by the fire-place, covered with straw. She then said she bought it three or four days ago or more, but refused to say who from. She said Taylor did not lodge there; and, while we were waiting, Taylor came up, and was passing by, we took him. Armstrong asked if he lived there - he said he had lived there two years, in that room; there was only one bed. The metal was on the counter, Armstrong asked if he knew any thing of it - he said
"Yes, I bought it of a man three or four days ago, or longer;" and that he bought the coat as old rags. I found a mould for casting ingots there - these ingots were three sizes.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before - A. Yes; I heard he lived there, and know the woman did.
"Brown, painter and glazier," is over the door.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I went to the shop and found the ingots, covered with straw. She said she had had it three or four days. I found clothes in the room which they both claimed. I found two keys. Taylor told me to try them to two boxes in the room, which they fitted.
TAYLOR'S Defence. I deal in rags, nails, and such things. I bought this of one White - a man came with him who had the coat on. He brought it in different lots on Friday and Saturday. I gave him 30 s. per cwt. for it, as solder - he gave his name White, No. 2, Whitecross-street. He called the other man Smith. I thought he came honestly by it. The metal I said I had had a week, was pewter.
ARMSTRONG. He said he had the ingots a week. The pewter was not present.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LACK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
