






1545. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LACEY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, four casks, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hale
                  




               
             and others, his employers.

WALL LYNN. I am a partner in the firm of 
               
                  George 
                  Hale
               



             and Co., there are other partners. We are brewers
, carrying on business in Redcross-street; the prisoner is one of our draymen

. Within the last twelve months we have lost casks in value amounting to 1200 l., each cask being worth 23 s.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was employed by the prosecutors to watch the prisoners, on the 3d of October, from the brew-house in Redcross-street, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning. The prisoners attended the dray. It at first had about eight casks of beer on it. They went over Blackfriar's-bridge, turned up Beer-lane, Southwark, and left two full barrels at a workhouse there, and received three empty ones; and at a public-house, in Churlotte-street, they left two full ones, and received one empty one. They then went round into Westminster-road, Walters left the other. The next delivery was at the White-hart, public-house, Walworth-road; one cask was left there, and none returned; they next went to the Duke's Head, public-house, Borough, where they left one and received two empty ones; then they went to a court in Gracechurch-street, to a public-house, and received four empty casks, but delivered none. They then went on different cads to York-street, Bethnal-green, and stopped under a gateway, at the end of a brewery, with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark
               



             and Co. written in front. Walters had joined the other, and was with him at this time. They both left the dray, and went into Clark's brewery. I saw them in conversation with Clark; they then both came out of the brewery, round the corner of the dray - took four of the barrels out of the dray, pitched three on the ground, and put the fourth on the top of them. They left them at the corner of the brewery, and returned into the brewery. I immediately went and looked at all four casks, they had
"Hale, Red Cross-street," burnt very deeply on the head of all of them. The prisoners came out of the brew-house - each took one into Clark's brew-house, returned and fetched the other two - and as they brought them into the yard, Clark took them from them, and put them into the back part of the premises. They all three smiled together, Clark took his jacket, and all three came out together. Next day I went to Clark's brewery with Knight, and watched for Clark - he did not come until eight o'clock in the evening - and at that time was driving a horse with a little dray, with six or seven empty casks on (the dray the prisoners drove it would not hold a great many casks;) four of Mr. Hale's casks were on Clark's dray. As he was backing his dray into the yard, I went up to him, and asked if his name was Clark - he said No, it was Wright. I laid hold of him - he struggled most powerfully. I believe I broke his wrist, and my partner cut his head; his little boy who was with him, called out,
"Mother, mother," which the people mistook for a cry of murder - a mob collected; a dog was let loose on us, and Clark escaped. We found nineteen casks on the premises with the names taken out.
LACEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
WALTERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
See Page 584.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
