






1802. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  STEEL
               




             and 
               
                  JOHANNA 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 1 reticule, value 1s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 6d.; 1 thimble, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 10 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Wright 
                        Welby
                     



                  , from the person of Jane his wife
            .


                  JANE 
                  WELBY
               



            . I am the wife
 of Wright Welby. On the 8th of August, I lost a reticule, containing a sovereign, a half-sovereign, 10s. in silver, a smelling bottle, a silver thimble a card case, a handkerchief, and a Frenchshilling; I had missed my way, and came down Phoenix-street, which comes into George-street, at the top of Holborn


 - I met the two prisoners and another girl - they each asked me for a penny a piece; I then asked them the way to Tottenham-court-road, and one of them said"Go and show the lady the way Bet" - Brown went to shew me the way; I said "Never mind, I can find the way," but she came up close to me, and snatched my reticule, and said "That is the way," and ran off - Steel was close to me at the time, and when I called Stop thief! she struck me; I fell against the wall, and she fell down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I saw the prosecutrix about eight o'clock, in George-street, St. Giles' - she and Brown passed by my door, and when they had gone past four or five yards - Brown stepped up to her, and snatched her reticnle from her left arm, and an umbrella from her right - the prosecutirx cried Stop thief! and Steel struck her on the back: I moved from my own door, and asked the prosecutrix if she were frightened; I did not see the property after that, nor see the prisoners taken.


                  MORRIS 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I took Steel into custody the next day - I told her it was for stealing a reticule the evening before; she said it was Brown, and she got blamed for it; as we were going along, she said if I would go into a house she would tell me where it was planted, and she begged to have half a pint of beer - I said she might have the beer, but she did not tell me where it was.
STEEL'S Defence. As for Brown, I know nothing of her - I was in liquor, and what I said to the constable I know not.
BROWN'S Defence. As for Steel, I know nothing of her nor the prosecutrix.
STEEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
