





319. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DUFFIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 1 basket, value 4d.; 1 towel, value 6d., and 16lbs of mutton, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Mash
               




            .
GEORGE MASH. I live in Oxford-street. and am a potatoe dealer
. On the 4th of January, about half-past eighto'clock in the evening, I had a piece of mutton, and a towel, in a basket, at the corner of Red-lion-street


, and when I got to St. Giles's Church, an alarm was given. I looked, and the basket which contained the mutton and cloth were missing; I saw them again at the watch-house.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I was in Broad-street, St. Giles's, about half-past 8 o'clock on this evening in company with another patrol. I saw the prisoner and another man following Mash's cart - I saw the other get into the cart at the corner of Plumb-tree-street, and at the corner of Broad-street he let down the basket; they ran off, and I pursued them, and took the prisoner; Lane went after the cart.
Prisoner. Q. Why did you pass me first, if you had seen me with the mutton? A. The other was before him, and I thought it right to take the first, that he might not get away - the basket was then on the ground.


                  WILLIAM 
                  M'GREGOR
               



            . I was with Reardon, and saw the prisoner and his companion following the cart - his companion got in and let down the basket into the prisoner's hands - we followed them, and Reardon stopped the prisoner - he dropped the basket, which I took up.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw the prisoner and his companion following the cart - I kept a sharp eye upon them till the basket was taken from the cart - I ran and told the man of it.(Basket produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing up George-street - a young man in a white coat passed me and dropped the mutton; Reardon stopped me, and M'Gregor took up the mutton.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
