





976. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SHANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, a basket, value 6 d.; a calve's head, value 2 s.; a loin of veal, value 8 s.; two pigs cheeks, value 18 d., and a cheese, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Kent
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  KENT
               



            . I am a carrier
. My caravan goes from Fleet-market to Puzey, in Wiltshire. I had a basket in my cart on the 24th of April, with a calve's head and loin of veal in it - it was near the middle of the cart, which only opens in front - the tilt cannot be lifted up. I stopped at the Old White-horse-cellar to deliver some goods; I was in the cart, and gave them out - another man took them of me - the basket was safe then; when I got to Fleet-market


, I stopped and stepped into the yard, and when I returned it was gone. I had seen it in the Strand, near Temple-bar, and did not miss it till I got to Fleet-market. I saw it again at Hatton-garden, the head and the veal were in it - I knew it to be the one I had to deliver - it was directed to Mr. Foulkes, Russel-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Had you taken any particular notice of it - A. No; I did not know it by any particular mark, but I put it into my cart.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 24thof April I was in Lower Charles-street, Clerken well, at half-past five o'clock in the morning, I was going to shut the box to go off duty and saw the prisoner with a basket on his shoulder, and two other men following him - one had a long blue coat on, and the other a smock frock; I thought it was not all right, and followed them to Vine-yard-street. I then asked the prisoner what he had got - he said he had got beef - I asked where he was going to take it - he said to Newington-green, and had brought it from Newgate-market; he did not know the person's name, but a person whom he knew had given it to him. I detained him - I looked at the basket, and saw a bit of card tied to it, which had been a direction torn off; it had a calve's head, a loin of veal, and two pigs' cheeks in it, and at the bottom was a letter, directed
"Mr. Foulkes, No. 2. Little Russel-street, Covent-garden." We went to him - he told us we should find Kent at the Rose Inn, Fleet-market.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did he say he was going - A. To take it to Mr. Johnson, a butcher, at Newington-green.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  FOULKES
               



            . I expected this parcel - we often have parcels by Kent - we did not know what it would contain.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARNER
               



            . I am a watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - here is the basket.
Prisoner's Defence. I got up to go to work - I was too soon; and as I was going along Newgate-street, I met a man who told me to take this parcel to Newington; he gave me 6 d., and said he would go with me and give me 1 s. more - I thought he was behind me - the watchman called me, and I stopped and told him where I was going to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
