






215. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  DAVIS
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 27 yards of printed cotton, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .
BENJAMIN WILLIAMS. I am a linen-draper
, of Whitechapel-road


. The two prisoners came to my shop between four and five o'clock on the 30th of November; Davis asked to look at some prints - I think I had seen her before- I am sure she is the person who came in, with the other prisoner: I showed them a great variety of prints; they were very difficult to please, but after a length of time Smith selected a piece, and told me to cut off seven yards; she paid me a shilling, and said she would call on the Saturday following, and pay me - as they were going from the shop my young man said he thought they had taken a piece of print- we pursued, brought them back, and Davis dropped this print; I had gone two or three times to the window, and to the end of the shop, to get prints for them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. It is not at all unusual for poor people to pay part? A.No; I did not look on the counter before I went after them - Davis dropped this piece on the floor; I did not say I did not see her drop it, but saw her take it from the floor: I brought Smith back, and my young man brought Davis; they were not examined in the street - they were only just outside the shop - we went in altogether; I am sure I saw Davis drop it - she was in a stooping position. and it is difficult to say whether it dropped from her shawl or her petticoat; I am sure this print was not laying in the shop when I went out, for I must have stepped on it or have seen it.
COURT. Q.Were they close together when they were bargaining? A. Yes - they talked together, and one rose while the other sat down in the chair.


                  MARTHA 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ.I saw the prisoners come in - they were together, and the things were shown them; the prosecutor went after them, and brought them back - I saw Davis drop this print from under her gown.
Cross-examined. Q. What part of the shop were you in? A.In the middle, behind the counter - they all came in together; when they were brought back, Davis did stoop to take this up. but I saw it come from her gown- I have always stated so.
Davis' Defence. We went to buy a gown - Smith paid 1s.; we came out - the prosecutor and shopman followed us, and said, "Come back;" I said, "Certainly - what do you want?" he said he should send for an officer, as we had stolen a piece of print; I said, "How can you say so? here is a piece on the floor;" he said at the office that I dropped it, and he put it on the counter, and then the young lady said I dropped it from under my gown.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
