





1178. 
               
                  JOHN GARDNER 
                  MOUNTJOY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 24 thimbles, value 24s.; 1 watch, value 2l.; 25 gold pins, value 2l.; 5 strings of beads, value 1s.; 4 seals, value 1l.; 5 rings, value 15s.; 12 brooch tongues, value 6s.; part of 1 spoon, value 2s.; 10 pendant bows, value 2s.; 18 watch hands, value 6s.; 3 pairs of ear-rings, value 4s.; 1 watch-case, value 2s.; 1 rupee, value 2s.; 11 watch keys, value 30s., 4 shillings, and 5 sixpences
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Hankins
               




            .
JACOB HANKINS. I am a watch-maker
, and live at Farningham, in Kent


, which is seventeen miles from London. The prisoner was in my service as a journeyman
; he came on the 11th of May; and on the 29th he came to work, and staid till about ten o'clock; when I went into the shop, where he should have been, he was gone, and I missed a watch from the board - I then went to a cupboard, and missed a box, containing the other articles, which were all safe that morning. I pursued directly - I heard he had got on the top of one of the Maidstone coaches, which puts up at the Spur inn, in the Borough; I came there, and the book-keeper gave me information; I then went to a place in Clerkenwell, where I thought it likely he would go, because there are two clock factories there, of which he had been speaking to me, and said the persons there had collected some money for him. Mr. Moore, at one of those factories, wished me to go to a house of call, which I did - the prisoner came there, not knowing I was there; I asked him how he came to treat me in that manner; he denied it, and said he had not wronged me in any respect; I sent for a police officer, but before he arrived the prisoner threw the goods on the table before me. These are the articles - I can swear to the watch, and some other articles - the whole of them were thrown on the table, except this old silver one, which had been sold in the Borough; he said they were his own property, but when he came to me he pleaded distress.
Prisoner. Q. How did I get this watch - was I not going to church, and a man met me on the way and shewed me a silver watch that was out of repair, and he wanted to exchange it for another, and did not you go up stairs and fetch this watch and give it to me? A. Yes, but that was not this watch; he knew I wanted 50s. for this; I had asked that for it in his presence; he told me he knew of a customer for it, and I said "All that you can get above two guineas shall be yours:" he took it and came back, and said the man had not got the money - he had got tipsy, and had broken the glass and hands, and it was put on the board in my shop. I had paid him on the Saturday evening all the wages we had agreed for - I paid him in money - I never gave him a watch, or any goods whatever, instead of money.
Q. How did I get the metal watch which I exchanged with 
               
                  Charley 
                  Gibson
               



            ? A. You had it of me, but you never paid me for it - but this is not that watch - I have it now in my pocket - here it is.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURCH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hickman, of High-street, Borough. The prisoner came, on the 29th of May, with this silver watch-case, this spoon, and this rupee coin - I bought them of him for 15s. 6d.


                  HENRY 
                  GILES
               



            . I keep the St. John of Jerusalem public-house - which is a house of call for clock-makers. Mr. Hankins came there about three o'clock on the 29th of May; the prisoner came in about three quarters of an hour after; I saw them talking, there was a bit of a bustle, and they sent for an officer - I saw the articles on the table.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Giles' house, and found these articles on the table. I afterwards found the silver at a shop in the Borough; the prisoner had 6s. 6d. on him, a prayer-book, and some papers.
The prisoner, in a long address to the Court, stated that the prosecutor knew he was coming to town, and that the property was his own, he having given the prosecutor other goods for them.
COURT to 
               
                  JACOB 
                  HANKINS
               



            . Q. Did you know he was going to London on the Monday? A. No - it was a surprise to me to hear he was gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
