





349. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PENN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, 10 sovereigns, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Edgar
                     




                   and others, his partners, to whom he was servant

.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM EDGAR. I live at No. 10, Piccadilly


, and have partners - we are haberdashers
. The prisoner has been upwards of two years in our employ; we purchase goods of manufacturers: there is a book kept for the purpose of entering goods bought for ready money. The shopman's duty is to enter the master's name, and each article purchased, and take the book to the cashier, at the desk, and receive the money for them, to pay the person who sold the goods, and to put the invoice on a file kept for that purpose. In consequence of some circumstances I sent for the prisoner on the 3d of January; I had the book, in which those entries are made; I directed his attention to this item, "22d of November, T. Jones, goods, as per bill, 10l. 4s.;" but here is no entry of the particular goods. I made him no threat or promise, but asked him what the goods were; he said they were wire ribbons; I asked him for the invoice - he said it was upon the file; I sent for the file, which was brought by the clerk - I desired him to look it over himself, which he did, but could not find the invoice; I then desired the clerk to look - he could not find it; the prisoner then said that sometimes he put the bills in his pocket, and he had burned one bill which he found in his pocket, thinking it was of no use; I asked where T. Jones lived - he said in Montague-street - I called one of the shopmen, to send to Jones, but before he left the house I said, "Penn, do you mean to say that you have not taken this money, and applied it to your own purposes?" he hesitated, and afterwards said he had - when he purchased goods he should put them away in the stock.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Could you at all have ascertained how the money had been appropriated if this young man had not told you? A. No - I had not promised him any favour.


                  THOMAS 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Edgar. It is my duty to pay money to the prisoner, if he brings this book to me, with an entry of the things purchased. On the 22d of November he applied to me for this 10l. 4s. - I gave him ten sovereigns and the rest in silver.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not deny all recollection of this when you was first questioned? A. Yes - but I had not been in such a place before; I have no doubt of it now, from looking at the book, and recollecting the circumstance. I said many times, when I was examined, that I did not recollect it, but I did not understand it. I now persist in swearing I have a recollection of it, by looking at the book, and from memory.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a manufacturer. I sell articles to Mr. Edgar, but I did not sell any on the 22d of November.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . I am a constable of Marlborough-street. I know Montague-street, Brick-lane - I went there to ascertain if there was any person of the name of Jones, but there was not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
