





1218. 
               
                  GEORE 
                  FENSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 11 pieces of printed cotton, containing 100 yards, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Benjamin
               




             and another.


                  HENRY 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Edgware-road


 - I carry on business with my father. On the 10th of June a person called me from up stairs, and said that a parcel was gone from the door; I went down and missed it - I followed the prisoner, who was then out of sight; I came up with him at the distance of two or three streets; he had turned some corners, and had thrown the cotton down - a person gave it me; I had seen it safe a few minutes before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am a glazier, and live in the Edgware-road. On the 10the of June I saw my next door neighbour run to the prosecutor's door; I saw the prisoner running down Chapel-street with a bundle - I pursued him, he turned two corners, and was near two hundred yards from the prosecutor's when he dropped the bundle, I pursued him into a court and took him - I am certain he is the person I saw carrying the bundle - it was not taken up till I brought him back to the place where it had been dropped, and I took it up - he had been running very fast.


                  JACOB 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man asked me to carry the bundle - he put it into my hand; I went on to the end of the street, and heard the cry of stop thief! I threw it down and ran - the man was then gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
