





125. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PRYKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 7 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morris
               




            .
THOMAS MORRIS. I am occasionally a gentleman's coachman; but at this time was driving a cabriolet
. On Sunday morning, the 29th of October, at half-past nine o'clock, the prisoner came to me in Liquorpond-street - he had two other men with him - they got into the cabriolet - I drove them to the King's-head public-house, in King's-street, Bloomsbury, where they staid some time- I set them down at half-past one o'clock in Orchard-street, Westminster


 - I got out last; my foot slipped - I fell backward, and all my money fell out of my pocket; there was 15l. in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, and silver, in my left-hand trousers pocket - the prisoner was the first who picked up my money - I saw him pick up what he could - I picked up ten sovereigns, but the tallest man showed me away; I got only 4l.; I lost 11l. - I am sure the prisoner picked up some and ran away - he was taken in about ten minutes, and searched in the watch-house - I was elevated with liquor - they were strangers to me.
Prisoner. Q. Was not one of the men in the cabriolet when I came up? A. No; I drove to Shepherd-street and other places; I knew what I was about.


                  EPRRAIM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am conductor of the patrol. On the 29th of October, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I saw this cabriolet; the prisoner, two other young men, and a girl were in it; they went to the George and Ball public-house, but could get nothing, as it was Sunday; I went into my room, and soon after I saw them pass my own door, and heard them say, "Let us go back and capsize the old b-r, and take horse and gig and all;" I went to my door and saw the cabriolet just by, and the driver coming out; he fell on his hands and knees in the mud, and the money fell out of his pocket; I saw gold and silver; the prisoner was the first who ran up and began to pick it up; as soon as he had got some he ran away, leaving the other two picking up the rest; one was a tall man; I saw him shove the driver away; I pursued, called a constable, and we took the prisoner in a stable-yard; as we took him back he said his shoe was down at heel; it was not so, for it was a high shoe; but he stooped, and I saw him put something into his shoe; which I took off, and found a half-sovereign in it; he was very obstreperous indeed: I found in his pockets two sovereigns and one shilling; we traced the other two men through the park to a coach at the Horse Guards.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am an officer. I saw this cabriolet in Orchard-street while I was talking to a person; the prisoner ran by me; Wilson called to me; we followed and took him in a stable by the Broadway; I saw him put his left hand to his waistcoat-pocket. and draw something out; I took it from him; it was a paper with a sovereign and a half in it, and in the lock-up place I found a shilling under where he had been sitting.
Prisoner. Q. Was I not intoxicated? A. You appeared a little so.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming down Stretton-ground, and saw the prisoner, a woman, the driver, and some other men near the cabriolet - I thought they all appeared rather in liquor; I went to the watch-house, and in about ten minutes saw the prisoner running - I pursued, and soon after saw the other men running - I asked what was the matter; they said, "Nothing; it is only a lark;" I ran out, and found the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed; I found the prisoner in the watch-house - he said he would knock any man's head off who dared touch his hat; I said, "That must be me;" I took and shook it, and five very muddy shillings fell out - I found this half-sovereign in the lining of it.


                  RICHARD 
                  OATES
               



            . I am an appraiser. I was passing, and saw the prisoner take up some money, and run away- I am positive of him.
The prisoner put in a long written defence stating, that he had treated his companions at several public-houses, and ran away when he got out of the cabriolet, that he should not be expected to pay for the hire of it; and that the money found on him was his own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
