





523. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, two salt-cellars, value 5 s., and two salt-spoons, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Henry
                  




               
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  HENRY
               



            , ESQ.
 I live in Wobourn-place


. On the 15th of April, about twelve o'clock, I was called into the kitchen by the screams of the servants, and followed the prisoner up the area steps into Russell-square, and up Bedford-place. I again caught sight of him in the field by Tavistock-square - he got over the fence into the square. I called Stop thief! at the end of the square - he was stopped by a stranger. From the time I first saw him he was never out of my sight. I collared him, and brought him back to the house. The servant brought me up a pair of salts. Nothing was found on him belonging to me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I was going down Bedford-place about a quarter past twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner running in a direction from Mr. Henry's house. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw him throw two salt-cellars down, I picked them up, and gave them to Mr. Henry's servant. I am sure he is the man. I only lost sight of him in turning the corner.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELSTEAD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Henry. I was in the drawing-room, heard an alarm, ran out, and Butler delivered me the salt-cellars.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was selling mats - I went down the area; the servants called Stop thief! and the gentleman stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
