





415. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, two sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stewart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Wilks and Co., and live in Hungerford-market. On the 26th of January, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I met the prisoner at the corner of Skelton-court


 - she laid hold of my arm, and said she wanted to speak to me, and took me up a court; as I went up the court, I moved two sovereigns from my breeches to my waistcoat pocket. I stood talking to her two or three minutes, and as I left her I missed them - turned round, and directly laid hold of her, and said she had robbed me of two sovereigns; she said she had no such thing, and laughed at me - I said I was certain she had, and called the watchman; he came up, and I laid fast hold of her hand, till she got to the watchouse, and then found one sovereign in her hand, which was clenched; she declared she had no more - the watchman found the other in hermouth. I had given her 6 d. which was not found on her. I was coming from my club.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROTTENBURY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty, and heard the cry of Watch! the prosecutor came out of Shelton-court, holding the prisoner; he said she had robbed him of two sovereigns, she denied it, and said she had none; he held her hand, till we got her to the watch-house, and then found one in her hand - she said she had no more. I found another in her mouth with 1 s., she said the shilling was her's.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him with his friend, who gave me 1 s., I suppose his friend gave me the sovereigns for I did not know that I had them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin Esq.
