





1316. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     HAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, a key, value 1 d., and six sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hollis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  ROBERT 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I am a basket-maker
, and live in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields. About ten or eleven o'clock on the night of the 29th of July I was in Ratcliff-highway


 - I had been having part of four or five pints of beer and a glass of gin, and was a little the worse for liquor, but knew what I was about. In coming from Lower Shadwell I had missed my turning, and enquired my way; I thought I had been directed wrong, and was leaning against an iron post; the prisoner came up and put her hand into my pocket - she took out a key and six sovereigns: I desired her to put me in the right way, but when she took the money she ran off. I tried to take hold of her, but she got away; I pursued, and took her within thirty or forty yards of the spot; four sovereigns and the key were found upon her. I do not know what became of the other two. We both fell down on the pavement; the watchman came and pulled me off her. Her mother has since made me a present of two sovereigns.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running from the prosecutor; they ran to the corner of Bluegate-fields, and were scuffling on the ground; the prosecutor got up and said,
"I have got one sovereign," and I saw some gentleman give him some others. He accused her of having stolen six sovereigns; she said she had not.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. The prisoner was brought in on this charge - she said she had not taken more than he had got back.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to see my cousin, and had taken a little too much in going home. I suppose I met that gentleman, but I do not know what I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
