





1436. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 20th of September
, a basket, value 1 s.; two half-crowns, four shillings, and seventeen sixpences, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Jordan
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, from her person
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I live at No. 21, Nelson-street, City-road, and am a single woman. On the 20th of September I was going home, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening - I had been into Beech-street on business; I had a basket in my hand, which contained a purse, in which were seventeen sixpenny pieces, two half-crowns, and four shillings. I was walking arm-in-arm with Mrs. Marquis; we were going up Golden-lane


; I saw a young man standing at the corner of a court in the lane - I believe they call it Basket-alley. The prisoner snatched the basket out of my hand and ran up the court; we both cried out Stop thief! and ran up the court after him; he suddenly made a stop and let down his apron. I never lost sight of him; he ran sixty yards before he stopped, and was laid hold of. I said,
"What have you done with my money and basket?" He said he was not the person - the person who took it had gone through into Whitecross-street. The watchman came up and laid hold of him - the basket was afterwards found in the alley; the watchman picked it up and brought it to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it a light night - A. It was, both from the moon and gas. I never saw him before - I did not see him drop the basket - I heard it fall, and heard the money rattle; it was thrown on a dunghill. There was no person in the court except a woman, who we ran by. There was nothing in the basket besides the purse of money, a key, and two thimbles. I did not ask the prisoner whether he was the person who took it.


                  LYDIA 
                  MARQUIS
               



            . I was in company with the prosecutrix on the 20th of September - we were returning home; at the corner of an alley we saw a tall young man, who appeared stooping forward as if looking for some person. He snatched the basket from my friend's hand and ran up the court - I ran up with her, and called
"Stop thief!" He ran to the bottom of the court before he stopped. There was no other man running; I caught him, and laid hold of his apron - It was round him when he snatched the basket, but he let it down afterwards. I am sure the prisoner is the person; I perceived him throw something away, but what it was I could not tell; I did not see it picked up; I saw the basket afterwards; I was before my friend in seizing him.
Cross-examined. Q. He stopped himself. - A. He made a stop as if to cause us to overrun him. When I saw him throw something away, I did not stop to tell Miss Jordan, because I was so confused.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SIMONS
               



            . This alley is near White's-yard, and in the county of Middlesex. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran up the court toward White's-yard. The prisoner stopped when I first saw him. The young women charged him with robbing them of a basket. I found the basket in Basket-alley, and took them to the watch-house. They told me what it contained. I found it afterwards, but not the lid, nor the contents. The prisoner denied the charge.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he searched - A. The officer searched him. I believe 8 s. 6 d. was found on him, but I do not know in what coin. The young lady said there was seventeen sixpences in the purse. I did not find the key and thimble on him.


                  JANE 
                  BILLINGSLEY
               



            . I live in Basket-alley, Golden-lane. I saw the prisoner at the corner of Golden-lane. I was near enough to see him snatch the basket out of the hand of Miss Jordan. I was passing at the time, and was just by the side of him. He ran up the alley, but I did not follow. I saw the basket in his hand, and the young ladies run after him. I did not see him again till he was in the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the basket found - A. I gave the watchman a light to search for it; I was present. I was also present when the prisoner was searched. It was near half an hour before he was searched.


                  MARGARET 
                  JORDAN
               



             re-examined. When he took the basket the lid came off.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I heard the spring of the rattle. Simons had got the prisoner by the collar when I came up; he was pretending to fight. Two persons attempted to rescue him.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the basket. Is it likely, if I took it, and they saw me throw it away, that they would not have gone and picked it up, instead of following me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
