





75. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  DEARMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, a variety of carpenters' tools, value 21s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Chamberlain
                     



                  ; and another quantity of tools, value 21s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newell
                  



               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am a wheelwright
, and live at Enfield; the prisoner lived there, but did not work for me; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newell
               



             worked with me. Newell's shop was broken open on the night of the 23d of April, when we went in the morning we found it broken open, and missed the tools; I lost an axe, two planes, and two spoke-shaves.
THOMAS NEWELL. I work for my father. I went to work that morning, and missed eight planes and a saw; here are six of them - the prisoner lived in the place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS CLARKSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Capel, a pawnbroker. On the 29th of April the prisoner brought seven planes to pawn for 5s.; he told me he brought them from a poor man named Wright, who was out of work - I live at Barnet, five or six miles from Enfield.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you ever seen the man before? A.Never; our shop is not much frequented.
COURT. Q.Have you any doubt that he is the man? A. No; I saw him again in about a month.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I heard that the things were pawned at Barnet; I went and got them - I took the prisoner, but found no duplicates on him.
Cross-examined. Q. Who told you they were stolen? A. Mr. Hicks told me some tools were gone to Barnet; Hicks would have been before the Magistrate, but the prisoner broke out of the cage, and we never saw him again till about a fortnight ago.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search him? A. Yes, but found nothing on him; I took him first on the 22d of May.
Prisoner's Defence I know nothing about the tools -I never saw them.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



             re-examined. Q. What is the value of these planes? A. This one is worth about half-a-crown; I gave 3s. 9d. for this small one two years ago.
JURY to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . Q. Did the prisoner abscond after the robbery? A. He remained till the 22d of May; he went before the Magistrate on the Monday - on theTuesday he broke out of the cage, and was not taken till about a fortnight ago, in Hertfordshire: he had been in no employ for some time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
