





First London Jury. - Before Mr. Recorder.
720. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CRAGG
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     JOHN 
                     SHAW
                  




               
            . I am a partner in the firm of Lucas and Co., lightermen
, in Harp-lane, Tower-street. The prisoner has been in our employ, as clerk
, for four years; Hodson and Moore were both indebted to us on the 6th of March: I gave the prisoner directions to call on Hodson for 1l. 14s. 6d., and on 
               
                  Edward 
                  Moore
               



             for his account - he was to have received them on the next day, which was Saturday; he was in the counting-house on Saturday morning, and left without notice - I did not see him again till the Thursday, when he was in custody - he has never paid in either of those sums.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did you give him a receipt to give the parties? A. No; he had money which he could buy one with - he was to receive 14l. 5s. from Mr. Moore, but there was an error in the account, and he has not accounted for that; he was articled to us for a term, but with a salary.


                  JAMES 
                  HODSON
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hodson
               



             and Son, sugar-refiners, of Church-lane, Whitechapel


. The prisoner applied to me on the 7th of March, when I paid him 1l. 14s. 6d., about eleven o'clock in the morning; I have the receipt - I saw him write it: (read.)


                  EDWARD 
                  MOORE
               



            . On the 7th of March I owed Lucas and Co. 14l. 3s. 5d.: the prisoner applied for it on Saturday, the 7th of March, and asked me if I could settle the account - he made it 14l. 5s. 5d.; there was an error, and I paid him 14l. 3s.; I gave him a cheque for part, andpart in money - he gave me a receipt, which I produce; I saw him sign it; (read.)


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 13th of March. in West-square, Gravesend, at a public-house; I said, "Well, young gentleman, what do you think of yourself;" he said he had nothing to say - I asked what he had done with the money - he said he had lost six sovereigns out of his pocket, and the rest he had spent: I asked if there was any money at this public-house, as I understood he had given the publican two sovereigns and a half, to take care of; but I found only half a sovereign in the publican's care.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
