






202. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HALE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of October

, 10 lbs. weight of currants, value 10s.; 1 bag, value 3s., and 3lbs. weight of sugar, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Betts
               



            , his masters; and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MARKS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Betts
               



            ; our house is in Oxford-street - we deal in sugar and currants

; the prisoner Hale was in our employ; we received information, and on the night of the 22d of October we went to our warehouse in North-row, at the back of our house - we got into a waggon, and in the front we found the tilt-cloths corded up with a strong cord, and very heavy - we went back to our house, and called up Wood, our shopman; this was about ten minutes after eleven o'clock, and in the presence of the shopman, I and my partner uncorded the tilt-cloths, and found in them a canvas bag of currants, weighing about 43lbs; the bag had my partner's writing on it - I opened it, and put in a curious shilling and a washing-bill; the next day I found the bag, and the shilling and the bill were found in it at the office; I also found at Mr. Archer's, at Hammersmith, two paper bags of currants, and one bag of most sugar - they were the same bags as we generally send sugar out in.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You went and searched the waggon? A. Yes, and put the shilling and the bill into the bag; I saw there were currants in it - the waggon was brought to our door in the morning, and I directed two officers to go to the half-way house, to watch it, and see if any thing was taken out - I went to Hammersmith afterwards, and helped to unload the waggon; when it is loaded other persons can get to it, if the waggoner lets them. Hale has been in our service nineteen years.


                  JOHN 
                  EARLY
               



            . I am a constable of Mary-le-bone. Onthe 23d of October, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was desired by Mr. Wood to go to the half-way house at Kensington, and watch their waggon; I took another officer with me - we went across the park - when I got to the half-way house I waited some time; it was a very wet morning, and when the waggon was coming up to the house with Hale, I went out and crossed the road, to watch the actions of Hale, and Marks, who was the ostler there; I saw Marks go out and speak to Hale for a minute or so, then Hale went up stairs into the ostler's room -Marks went to the tail of the waggon, and took out this bag - I can swear this is the bag; I put my name on it: I hailed the other officer, and followed Marks - when he got to the top of the stairs, into his room, I was at the bottom; I went up, and this bag laid between him and Hale; the two men stood amazed - I said, "Halloo! have I made a mistake, or are they currants?" neither of them said a word, and I handcuffed them: I left them in charge of the other officer, and went to the prosecutors'.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It was not Hale who took the bag out? A. No, Marks.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Then Hale, who had gone with the waggon, had gone up stairs? A. Yes; Marks had had some conversation with him, but I could not hear what; Marks did not say, "God knows what is in it, for I don't;" I did not say it was a bag of stolen currants.
COURT. Q. How long after you saw them conversing together, did you see Marks taking the bag out? A. Not two minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Early to the half-way house; I saw Marks take the bag up stairs - I was in front of the waggon: I saw Early go up stairs - I followed him, and saw the bag lying between them; they had nothing to say for themselves - I untied the bag, and found it was currants; Edward Burridge received the bag, in my presence, when I had tied it up.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What time was this? A. About eleven o'clock in the day; Early and I were near to them - Marks carried it openly, in front of him.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did they know you were officers? A. No; we had no mark to shew that we were - they had not more than ten yards to carry it.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am a constable of Mary-le-bone. I received this bag from Bolton; I cut it open, and found this shilling and this washing-bill in this lump of currants - there were 43lbs. of currants.
MR. WOOD. This is the bill and the shilling which I put in; these currants are of exactly the same description as ours.
COURT. Q. Had you any parcels to send any where that day? A. Yes, to Mr. Archer, two hogsheads of sugar and 15 cwt. of refined goods; the other parcels I spoke of were in the body of the waggon.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long had Hale lived with you? A. Nineteen years, and had gone that road every fortnight; nothing is more likely than that persons on that road must have known he was our servant.
JURY. Q.Where did you find the other parcels? A. When I found the prisoners handcuffed together; I went on to Mr. Archer's, and took out the two hogsheads of sugar; I found Hale's smock-frock in the waggon - one of these bags of sugar was in one sleeve of it, and the other in the other; and this bag of currants in the body of it.
MR. BODKIN. Q.Did not Marks say, in your presence, that he did not know what was in it? A. I do not think he spoke till he was going out, and then he said he knew nothing about it.
HALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
MARKS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
