






1763. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BLATCHLEY
               





             and 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  CLAXTON
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, a fixture, (i.e.) a copper, value 25 s., of and belonging to 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Lush
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating, it to be fixed to a building.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I live in James'-street, Lisson-grove


; I am a gardener, my house belongs to Mr. Joseph Lush. About six o'clock on the morning of the 17th of October, I missed a copper, which had been fixed to a wash-house, I had seen it safe at nine o'clock the night before, when I locked the door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  PARRUSS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 17th of October, I saw the two prisoners in Lisson-street, about six o'clock - Claxton had the copper on his shoulder, and on seeing me he said to the other, "We must make great haste to get this copper repaired, as they are going to washing." Claxton said to me, "You may depend upon it, it is all right - for there is the brother of the person who own's it," and Blatchley said, "It is your time to go away, you may as well go with us:" I said "Very well." In Portman-square, I said to Blatchley, "You are the brother of the person who own's the copper?" "Not I, indeed," says he. - "Yes," said Claxton, "he is." We then went on to Gee's-court, and they knocked at a door; I then took hold of them and said, "This business must be settled at watch-house." A watchman came up, and I told him take hold of one of them - which he did, and they were taken into custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  CULL
               



            . On the 17th of October, the under watch-house keeper asked me if I knew any one who had lost a copper. I went out and inquired, and got to the premises at James'-street, Lisson-grove. I found the lock and the staple broken off the door which led into the yard, and from there into little James'-street - they had got the copper over the wall, and had left black marks on the bricks.
BLATCHLEY'S Defence. I was going to look for work, and a man asked us, if we were willing to earn a shilling; I said "Yes," and we took the copper to Gee's-court.
BLATCHLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CLAXTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
