







1471. 
               
                  ALFRED 
                  THOMPSON
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  EVERARD
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 120 halfpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Coggin
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COGGIN
               



            . I am nephew of Isaac Coggin, a grocer
, of High-street, Ratcliff


. There were six 5s. papers of halfpence on our counter, on the 9th of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; Thompson and Kent came in, and asked for 6d. worth of halfpence for a sixpence: I went to the till, and turned my back a little to them, while I counted the halfpence; they went out, and I missed the money from the counter; Penny came in immediately - I and our man went out about a quarter of a mile, and there took Thompson; several persons were with him, but I cannot say whether the other prisoners were among them; part of the copper was found in his pocket - I am certain Thompson and Kent are the lads who came in; the money was gone the moment they turned their backs.


                  THOMAS 
                  PENNY
               



            . I am a porter. I was passing the prosecutor's house, and saw the three prisoners, in company with two others, about three or four yards from the house; I saw Thompson and Kent go into the shop; they came out in a minute or two - Thompson put his hand behind, under his coat; he took a paper parcel, threw it up, and said, "This is the way to get browns," meaning halfpence; they joined the others, and went down towards Shadwell; I heard Thompson say, "It will be all right by and by;" I went and told Coggin, who went after them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Everard did not go into the shop? A. No.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARTHUR
               



            . I saw the three prisoners dividing the money in Collingwood-place, which is about fifty yards from the prosecutor's; a man, who looked like a pieman, gave Thompson and Kent 1s. 1d. - Thompson grumbled, and he gave him a penny more - Kent grumbled, and he gave him a halfpenny; the money was in a paper - Everard was there, but I did not see him receive any of it.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I took Thompson in charge, and found 1s. 2d. in copper in his waistcoat pocket; I took Kent and Everard between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I found in Kent's pocket 18d. in copper; he said he had not been at work for a month, but he had saved up the money before - Thompson said he had worked for his money.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
EVERARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
