







1796. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMPKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of September

, 1 saddle, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Houghton
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     SERJER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.
SIMPKINS 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HOUGHTON
               



            . I live in Harford-street, Mayfair



. On the 3rd of September, Smith, the prisoner, came to me, and said he came from 
               
                  John 
                  Watson
               



             (whom I knew) to borrow a saddle - I objected to let him have it; he returned in ten minutes, and said if I would lend it to Watson he would use it for his own riding - I let him have it for Watson; it was to be returned by twelve o'clock the same day - I saw Watson the next day, and asked him why he had not returned the saddle; he said he had never borrowed it - Watson is not here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPINDLER
               



            . I am a general-dealer in saddles and harness. On Friday week a message was left for me to go and look at a saddle at No. 9, Hart-street - I met Webster, and said "I am going to look at a saddle, there was one lost out of the park, perhaps it is it;" I went there and asked the man in the shop if there was not a man who had a saddle to sell, he said go to the first-floor- I went up, and the woman said "My husband is gone out and has got the saddle;" I went back to my house and heard that it had been there - I went to the Duke of Wellington public-house, and saw Serjer, and another man who had the saddle; Serjer said, "It does not belong to me, it balongs to a man named Smith - I want 36s. for it;" I told Webster.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of September I went and saw Serjer with the saddle - he said he bought it of a man named Smith, but he did not know where to find him; I took him - he was examined the next day; some of his friends looked out for Smith, and said he was at a public-house - I went and said, "Is your name Smith?" he said "Yes - I gave the saddle to Serjer, and I received it from Simpkins;" I took him to the office - Simpkins said he was the person who applied for it under false pretences.
Smith's Defence. I never knew where the prosecutor's shop was; I met Simpkin, who asked me if I knew a person who would buy an old saddle which he had cleaned up, as it had got mouldy - I said I knew Serjer, and took him to him. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
