






419. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th January
, one watch, value 15 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bayer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WM. BAYER. I am a journeyman baker
. On the 8th of January, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner Wilson, in St. Giles's, and went to No. 8, Maynard-street


 with her. I took my watch from my pocket, and put it in my hat; there was a row in the street; she went to the window, and said, she must go down to see what it was about; and in about two minutes she brought Smith up - they began sky-larking together, and knocked the candle off the table. I saw Wilson put her hand into my hat, but what she took out I cannot say; she went towards Smith - I felt in the hat, and missed my watch. I demanded it of Wilson - she took up the poker and offered to strike me, if I did not go out of the room; I said, I should not till I got my watch; Smith said,
"She did not rob you of your watch." I got a watchman, and gave them in charge.


                  EDWARD 
                  YARRANTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a confesion in the house, and a man saying,
"You have got my watch, and if you don't give it me I'll give you in charge." He came down to me; I went up and saw Wilson on the landing-place, going up another pair of stairs; but I kept her, and sent Bayer for another watchman, who came and took Smith. As we brought them down stairs, Smith said to another girl,
"For God's sake, go and take it out of the pitcher." I went up, and found it in a pitcher of water.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CONNELL
               



            . The prosecutor fetched me. I met Smith trying to get down stairs; she said to a tall woman,
"For God's sake, go and take it out of the pitcher." We went up, and found it in a pitcher of water.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILSON'S Defence. He struck me and knocked me about.
SMITH'S Defence. Wilson called me up - I saw the man with the poker in his hand, and took it from him.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
