





1268. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BIGNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, two pairs of drawers, value 24 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Gobby
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        George 
                        Arnold
                     



.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOBBY
               



            . I live in Leicester-street, Regent-street, and am a tailor
. On the 7th of September I delivered two pairs of drawers to my nephew
, 
               
                  George 
                  Arnold
               



            , who was with me - we had been to take them home, and were taking them back for alteration. My nephew told me while we were going down Holborn


 that they had been snatched from under his arm; I did not see the parcel again till it was at the watch-house. I had not noticed the prisoner till the alarm was given; I then saw a man running, but lost sight of him. I saw the prisoner at the watch-house, but cannot swear that he is the man who was running.
GEORGE ARNOLD. I am twelve years old. I had two pairs of drawers to carry for my uncle; they were under my arm, in paper. About half-past ten o'clock, just by Bloomsbury steps a man snatched them from me - I could not see who he was. I turned round, no one was near me, but we saw a man running, and pursued him - I did not lose sight of him till he was stopped by the watchman; it was the prisoner: he had not got them - they were picked up about twenty yards from where he was stopped. He did not say anything; I did not charge him with it. There did not appear to be any other person running in company with him when we were calling out Stop thief.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Denton and Bartlet, of Gray's Inn-square. On the evening of the robbery I was in Kingsgate-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner, who appeared to be running from the cry, and several persons were pursuing him - I saw him stopped by the watchman, and went with him to the watch-house; I saw him throw the parcel down close at my feet - I picked it up. I never lost sight of him till he was taken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
