





270. 
               
                  JULIA ANN 
                  COX
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 2 sovereigns, 3 shillings, 15 halfpence, and 5 farthings, the monies of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Kiberd
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT KIBERD. I am a journeyman hatter
, and lodge in Acorn-court, Whitechapel. On the 29th of December I had been paying some money away, and had three sovereigns and 6s. or 7s. in silver and copper left - I am certain I had three sovereigns; I was going home, and met the prisoner in Houndsditch, a little after seven o'clock in the evening; she came up, and asked where I was going- she was alone, and had a basket in her hand; she came up, and said, "Won't you give me a glass?" I said I had no objection, and went with her to the Salisbury Arms public-house, Camomile-street


; we had five glasses of rum and water, and I had had one glass of rum and water at the Bull public-house, before I met her, and had a glass of rum in the morning; one or two young men in the tap-room had a little of the five glasses - I did not know them; I paid for it all - it did not get into my head - I was quite sensible; the prisoner went into the back yard for something, leaving her basket on the table. I went out into the street shortly after, and, as it had been raining, I slipped off the curb, and was quite stupified with the fall, but not with liquor - I could drink five glasses myself; the witness Green and another young man took me up; I was taken into the tap-room; the prisoner came in, and sat down by my side; I finished the small drop that was left in the glass; she drank with me; she wanted me to go in a hackney coach with her, but I would not; some time after that, I was asked what money I ought to have; I said three sovereigns; the young men examined my pockets, by desire of the constable, who was sent for, but I cannot give evidence of what happened after the fall, for the blow had quite stupified me; I do not know whether I felt in my pockets; the liquor might have a little effect on me - the young men charged the prisoner with having my money, but I did not, for I did not feel her take it; the landlord sent two men home with me, and I did not see her searched; when I got home I only had a farthing - the sovereigns had been in my left hand trousers pocket; the silver and halfpence in my left waistcoat pocket.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not ask me where I was going? A. No, she asked me.


                  THOMAS 
                  KENES
               



            . I have been a master fishmonger, and now buy fish to send into the country. On the 29th of December I went into the Salisbury Arms public-house, and found the prosecutor and prisoner there; they appeared acquainted; the prosecutor seemed very much intoxicated when I got in, and he had some liquor with the prisoner after I got in; she handed the liquor to several people, which he made no objection to; the prisoner went out backwards; she came in again, and accused somebody of taking money out of her basket; she went backwards again in a few minutes; the prosecutor then went out at the front door - he walked out very well; he was brought in between five andten minutes afterwards, hardly sensible, by a person who is here; the prisoner then came in, and said, "Who has been and cut his head? you have killed the man;" he had fallen down, and his head was bleeding very much; she said,"My dear, who has been and cut your head?" she laid down on the top of him, as he sat on the settle; a young man, named Rowden, called to me, saying, "Tom, she is picking his pocket;" I do not know whether she heard that. I looked and saw one of her hands in his waistcoat pocket, and the other in his trousers pocket. I told Green she was robbing the man; he directly looked at her, and we saw her take her hands out of his pockets, and drop money into her basket; she had no money there before, as I had examined her basket, on her saying some one had taken her money, and there was nothing but a handkerchief in it; I set the basket on the table, and called Willis, the landlord; he examined the basket in my presence, and there were two sovereigns, three shillings, 7 1/2d., and 1/2d. in it; she said she would have the money, and that it belonged to her; the constable was sent for, and she was secured; we went to the prosecutor's house, and fetched his wife, as the prisoner said he was her sister's husband; the wife said, in her presence, at the watch-house, that she never saw her before; we searched the prosecutor's pockets, and found only one farthing in them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a stage-master. I was at the public-house, and saw them drinking rum and water together; the prosecutor wanted to go out once or twice, but the prisoner would not let him - she kept saying she would tell her dear sister, his wife, how he had served her; she wanted the boy of the house to fetch a coach; I saw her hands in his pockets; I saw her take them out, and drop the money into the basket, Kenes took it away, and the landlord counted the money into my hand; I saw the prosecutor's wife at the watch-house, and she said she had never seen the prisoner before, and her son said he had never seen her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a constable of the night, The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by a watchman; she said she was the prosecutor's wife's sister. The wife came, and denied all knowledge of her; I asked her why she had said so; she said she was ashamed to be seen drinking with a man, and not own him as a relation. I found 3s. 9 1/2d. in her pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I had 5s. 6d. in my pocket. We had three glasses of rum and water in Houndsditch, and three more at this house; I paid for one; two young women came in, and drank with him; he fell down, and was lifted up; I knew nothing about the money till half an hour after I was in the watch-house; they had put me out of the public-house, but I said I did not wish to leave him there in such company, for the landlord was heading one party which was playing at cards. If my hands were in his pockets, many more must have seen them. When I came in, he was bleeding; I was cleaning the blood off, but never touched his pockets; they put me out, and said I had nothing to do with him; I said he was a freind of mine, as he told me he had lived five years where I was born; I got some vinegar for him to get him sober. I am a poor distressed woman, with a fatherless child. If I were to die this minute, I know nothing about the money; his wife was told he had lost 8l., and gave charge of me, thinking all that money was gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
