





SECOND DAY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18.
364. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     BURN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, two sheets, value 8 s.; two pillow-cases, value 2 s.; one shirt, value 2 s.; two shifts, value 2 s.; two jackets, value 3 s.; four neckcloths, value 4 s.; four bed-gowns, value 5 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; three towels, value 3 s.; one table-cloth, value 3 s.; four collars, value 2 s., and one pair of trowsers, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Young
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a hair-dresser
, and live in Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square. On the 24th of January I gave these things to my laundress.


                  RICHARD 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . My grandmother is a laundress. On the 24th of January I was in Cumberland-street


, with this bundle on a barrow, a young man came up and asked the way to Portland-street? I turned round to shew him, and on my turning again I missed the prosecutor's bundle off the barrow, which I had received that morning. A man came up and said a person had run through the Park with it, I followed, and saw the prisoner drop it. He was taken by a soldier before I lost sight of him - the prisoner is the man who dropped it.



                  ROBERT 
                  TILLING
               



            . I was standing in Great Cumberland-street - a man went up to the last witness and asked him a question; the prisoner crossed over, took the bundle off the barrow, and walked into the Park with it - I told the boy.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am a soldier. I was crossing Hyde Park about one o'clock in the day, and heard the cry of Stop thief - I turned round and saw the prisoner running; I stopped him, and asked what he had been doing? he said,
"Nothing at all," but he was afraid of injuring his character. I told him to go back, he said he would not, and I took him back - we met Valentine with the bundle of linen under his arm. Tilling said he saw him take it. I took him to the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man put it behind the door, I took it up, and they charged me with the theft.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
