





EIGHTH DAY. FRIDAY, JUNE 8.
Third London Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1343. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  JORDAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 1l. 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 10s.; 1 gold ring, value 10s.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Wales
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES WALES. I am a painter
, and live with my father, in Gravel-lane. About two o'clock in the morning of the 2d of June, I was returning from the theatre - I had had some refreshment, but I was sober; the prisoner accosted me on Ludgate-hill and asked me to treat her; I asked what she meant, she said, "Give me something to drink," I walked to the corner of Bridge-street


, and stood talking with her for two or three minutes. I saw her with my watch in her hand, and she put it into her bosom. I accused her of it - the watchman came up and took her to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SINGLETON
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor together, talking, at the corner of Bridge-street, the prosecutor had hold of her, and asked for his watch. I took her to the watch-house; the officer found it in her bosom.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STRIBLEHILL
               



            . I was officer of the night - The prisoner was brought to the watch-house in custody; the prosecutor appeared sober; I searched the prisoner - this watch was in her bosom.


                  HENRY 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I was watch-house-keeper. I saw the prisoner take this watch from her bosom; she had been charged with stealing it, and denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. He went home with me, and afterwards to several public-houses - he gave me his watch as a pledge; I refused to return it, and he called the watchman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
