





486. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 1 tea-caddy, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Aldons
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WINSER
               



            . I am porter to Mr. William Aldous, an upholsterer
, of Oxford-street


. This tea-caddy is his property; I cleaned it about three o'clock on the 16th of of January, and placed it on a what-not - I was in the shop afterwards, but did not miss it till the officer brought it the next morning.
Cross-examined by Mr. ROBERTS. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. No; there are marks in the polish by which I can swear to it - I have noticed them ever since we have had it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I saw the prisoner about six o'clock in the evening, of the 16th of January, at the corner of Peter-street, in Wardour-street, a little more than five hundred yards from Mr. Aldous' shop - he ran by me with this caddy, covered with a handkerchief, under his arm; I said, "What have you got there?" he made me no answer; I took it from him, and he said he had bought it; I asked where, but he said he would answer no other question till he got before a Magistrate; he there said he had bought it of a man in Mary-le-bone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY COBBETT
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Aldous. I know this caddy to be his - I had seen it about a week before.

>Cross-examined. Q. Do you know it by any particular mark? A. It is old fashioned, and we have had it for some time.


                  JOHN 
                  WINSER
               



            . When the officer came I missed the caddy, and pointed out where it had stood.
Prisoner's Defence. There were two men standing in Oxford-street, and one of them was bargaining for a caddy - I asked the price of it, and he said 26s.; I said I would give 25s. for it, which I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
