





1048. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  WIGLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 3 pairs of silk ancles, value 13s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Chamberlain
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am in the employ of William Chamberlain, a wholesale hosier
 - he lives in Gutter-lane


. On the 26th of April, at nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, whom I had seen the day before, came into the warehouse, and ordered three dozens of brown cotton stockings, and two dozens of white - he said they were for Barker and Adams, of Love-lane, Wood-street, who have bought goods of us; I gave him the goods, supposing he was in their employ; these ancles were on a shelf, within his reach - I know they were there the night before, and nobody had been that morning; I went to the desk, to make out the invoice, and when I came down he had got close to where the candles were kept, and I saw on the counter, on his right-hand side, a small parcel, which was not there when I went up to the desk; the ancles were kept in brown paper. I delivered him the invoice; and suspecting something I followed him, to see if he went to the right place - he went towards Cheapside, away from Love-lane; I followed him into Cannon-street, and there saw a Jew join him - they turned down Bush-lane, into the Bell public-house together. I then went to a friend, and brought him down to the public-house, to watch them, while I fetched an officer - we opened the tap-room door, and there he had got the goods laid out - the Jew was standing over them - we took them into another room with the goods, but finding nothing on the Jew we let him go. I asked the prisoner who he ordered the goods for - he said for Barker and Adams - I asked why he did not take them there - he gave no answer. I went to Barker and Adams, and saw the prisoner's brother; when I got back I saw on the on the top of the goods these three pairs of ancles, in a parcel - I am sure they were in the warehouse when the prisoner came in- Barker and Adams have not claimed the goods which I delivered to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am beadle of Walbrook. I was brought to the public-house, and saw the Jew and the prisoner standing by the door - the parcels were all tied up then - the Jew had nothing. I secured the prisoner - he took a parcel from some part of his person, and laid on the other parcels - immediately Thomas returned he said it contained the ancles, which I found correct.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
