






622. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March

, forty pannel boards, value 30 l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Houlditch
                     



                   and 
                     
                        James 
                        Houlditch
                     



                  , to whom he was a servant
            : and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HEWETT
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
JOHN HOULDITCH. I am one of the firm of John and James Houlditch, of Long-acre and Carburton-street



 - we are coach-makers

. The prisoner Green had been in our employ four or five years, as foreman of the sawyers
 - Hewett had worked for us while Green was in our employ, but I do not know where he lived. Green had access to our planks continually - I saw some of them at Long-acre after they had been at Bow-street, and knew them to be ours. Green had no power to dispose of them in any way.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you any mark upon them? A. Yes; they had been cut from one tree.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had Green authority to buy any wood for you? A. A small quantity for our joiners, but not for our coach-makers - he has looked at wood which he did not purchase; he could have told some other person of this wood, who might have gone and bought it. The marks on those planks correspond exactly with the marks on those left behind; he never sold any wood for us; Green was only a sawyer; he did not look out wood for us.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEALE
               



            . I have been in the employ of Messrs. Houlditch for two or three years, as a labourer, for a day or two in a week; Green was employed there, but I never saw Hewett there. On Saturday, the 25th of March, Green gave me twenty mahogany boards, and an elm board upon a truck, to take to Mr. Hewett, No. 5, Duck-lane, Berwick-street, Soho; I took them, and gave them to a man of the name of Davy; I went back again with the truck to Carburton-street, and got twenty more mahogany boards, and another elm board, which were loaded by me and some boys; Green and I took them to the same place, by Green's direction. I saw Mr. Davy again, and when I was unloading them I saw Mr. Hewett in the loft; when I had unloaded the truck Davy asked me if there was any thing to pay; I said Mr. Green told me Mr. Hewett was to pay me: he asked me what - I said 5 s., which he paid me. Mr. Hewett did not speak to me at all, but I am sure of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you then in the employ of Messrs. Houlditch? A. No. I did not know but that Messrs. Houlditch had employed Mr. Green to sell these boards - that I swear. Mr. Houlditch never sent me with any boards to sell. Green told me that Mr. Hewett was to pay me for my trouble; I did not ask what he was to pay me. I have been employed by Green, and always left it to him. I took them in Mr. Houlditch's truck - the distance might be half a mile. I was nearly six hours about it, and I earned the money; I asked if a crown was too much, and he said No; he went and got it. None of the boys are here who helped to load. I did not know the prosecutors' premises very well. I did not give Mr. Houlditch any notice of this. I went according to Green's direction. I was taken to the watch-house on Monday week - I never suspected there was any thing wrong. I was accused before the Magistrates, and then made the charge against Green. Avis took me; I asked what he took me for; he said concerning Green robbing Messrs. Houlditch. I did not say at the public-house that I did not know Green at all to my knowledge, but I will not swear whether I did or not. I heard an officer tell the Magistrate on Tuesday, that I had said I did not know Green - I said I had not said so to my recollection; I was a little in liquor, but not tipsy. I was sworn before the Magistrate, as to where I took the boards. I did not accuse Green to get off myself.
Re-examined. Q. Whether a crown was too little or too much, is that what you received? A. Yes, I received two half-crowns. I lodge in Carburton-street, and come at a short notice to assist at Messrs. Houlditchs'. I was taken at the Nelson, public-house, in Charles-street; the officers told me they had been looking after me, about the robbery which Green had been taken up for, at Messrs. Houlditch', and I had taken the boards down - I said I had. I was taken about half-past eleven o'clock at night; I was a little in liquor, but not drunk.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVY
               



            . I was working at Mr. Hewett's in March last; I was employed there by a man of the name of Howe, a coach-maker. I was there when Neale came with a truck; Mr. Hewett was then in the loft: I took twenty boards from Neale the first time, and put them into the loft, by Hewett's direction. Neale came back again with twenty more. Hewett told me he expected some pannel boards to come, and wished me to assist the man in bringing them into the loft. - I heard no question asked who brought them, and did not see a name on the truck; I paid Neale two half-crown pieces, which I got from Hewett; he said it was too much, but he sent down the money; I did not hear where he came from, or any thing about him.

Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was your master there, Mr. Howe? A. Yes; it was about three or four o'clock - Howe was in the loft when the last pannels came, and he had been there before, but was not there when the first pannels came. The loft is Hewett's, but my master was working in it: there was no other person at work there. The boards were large - any person could see them in the street.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Mr. Howe and Mr. Hewett were both then in the loft? A. Yes; my master had leave to work there. I believe the stores there were Hewett's property; there is no conveying such things privately by day-light; it is not usual for trucks to stand in the night delivering such things; I should be afraid the watchman would take me into custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am a police officer. In consequence of some information I executed a search warrant on the premises of Hewett, in Duck-lane, on the 28th of March, about five o'clock in the afternoon - I found forty mahogany and two elm boards; there were no other articles there - I saw Davy there; I asked questions of him, but did not take him into custody; Green was taken the same night - I saw him next day. I took Neale myself at a public-house at the corner of Carburton-street, about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there a brother officer with you? A. No. I took him to the office myself; I told him I wanted to ask him no question, but that I took him for taking the boards down; I did not mention Green's name to him. Duke, who was with me, was not bound over; I did not hear Duke say that Neale had denied knowing Green. Neale had been drinking a little, but he could understand very well.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q You searched Mr. Hewett's premises? A. Yes, I had some conversation with Davy. Hewett came and surrendered himself to me the same evening; he said he bought these boards of Green, and thought it was all right; he gave 6 1/2 d. per foot for them; he had paid 3 l. on account, and came voluntarily to answer any questions that might he put to him; this was before Green was taken - I did not hear him say he had been a fellow workman with Green.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jas. Holditch. I went to see Green taken in custody by Johnson, one of the Bow-street officers - I believe he was not told what he was taken for; I had I some conversation with him before he was taken, at the corner of Long-acre and St. Martin's-lane - I met him there promiscuously; I went up to him and asked if his name was Green, and if he had heard of what had occurred - he then stated that he had robbed his master; he was very sorry for it, and that others were implicated in it - he said there was a man of the name of Wright, in Carburton-street, who had been concerned in it as well as himself; and he had sold the property for 20 l.; and had given Wright, or was to give him 10 l. to keep the secret, instead of which, he had heard he had informed his master of what had occurred, and he intended to be a hundred or a hundred and fifty miles from the spot by that time to-morrow - this was about nine o'clock in the evening, and he was in custody in about three quarters of an hour - I went and told Mr. James Holditch of it immediately; I went to the officer, and then went with him to take him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you still in Mr. Holditch's employ? A. Yes - I know Green only by sight; he told me all this of his own accord - he was tipsy - we were not intimate. A man named Wright was produced next day, but he was let go. Green was taken in a public-house near his own residence - I have been in Mr. Holditch's employ about three months.
GEORGE WRIGHT. I am a wheeler, in the employ of Messrs. Holditch's, and have the care of their premises in Carburton-street - I saw part of this property removed by Neale, between two and four o'clock; I did not see Green at that time; there was no engagement that he was to give me any money, or any thing of that kind - I did not give any information to Mr. Holditch - Green had access to all the boards on the premises; and I considered Neale as a porter; he had been at work there at different times; I had seen Green that day, before he was in custody, but had no conversation with him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHOICE
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Holditch, as a coach-maker. I know Green and Hewett - I have seen Hewett twice I am certain, and I think three times at their premises - I never saw him come up into the loft with Green till the last time, about six weeks ago.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I took Green into custody at the Cart and Horses, public-house Little St. Martin's-lane, soon after nine o'clock; he was rather in liquor and asleep - he was not sensible till I shook him up; I told him what I took him for when we got to Bow-street; he said he had nothing to say - I saw Neale by his side in the public-house - I asked him he if knew Neale, and he said No; and Neale denied knowing him at the door of the public-house; I did not know then that Neale was wanted, and I let him go. I searched Hewett and found on him a book and a rule which belong to Neale.
RICHARD GREEN'S Defence. I deny saying, that I did not know Neale.
HEWETT'S Defence. I purchased these boards of Green, as I would of any other person; he had introduced me on a former occasion to some person over the water - I agreed to give 6 1/2 d per foot for them; I had a regular bill of parcels with them - I gave Green a written note, to deliver them on the premises, and told him to send them there in consequence of my being moving about that time. They were sent in, and 5 s. was asked for the cartage, which I did not consider an over-charge - it could not be supposed that I should buy them, if I had known they were not properly come by, having my character and family at stake - I had rather a large stock in hand considering the state in which it was; not being dry - very ill sawed, and shaken - I considered it a fair price; it cannot be supposed, that with all the yards in the metropolis open to me, I should be guilty of doing a mean action.


                  JOHN 
                  NOURSE
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Houlditchs. I missed a number of boards from Carburton-street on the 28th of March; I could not tell how many - I found them in Duck-lane, in a loft, which Hewett admitted to be his; I had seen the boards at Christmas stock-taking, to the best of my knowledge. I asked Green on Monday morning where these boards were taken to, and he said to Long-acre.I applied at Bow-street to get a search-warrant, and found them; Hewett said he had bought them.
JURY. Q. What are you in the service of Messrs. Holditch? A. I am foreman; we should be glad to buy the boards at 8 d. a-foot, but they cost us 8 1/2 d. or 6 d., which was the market price then. I am not aware of any place where we could have bought them at 5 1/2 d.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Have you been on good terms with Hewett? A. I have not animosity, and have had no quarrel with him.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY VERNON
               



            . I am a coach-maker in the New road. I have known Hewett fifteen years - he has been a very good character, and a very honest man. I have seen the boards outside - they are worth about 6 1/2 d. or 7 d. a foot; I have had them offered to me for that within this two months - I consider 6 1/2 d. a fair price for them; I have known Hewett by his dealing with me; the boards would be worth more than that if they were not shaken - the longer a board has been in seasoning the more valuable it is.


                  JAMES 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a coach-maker, residing at No. 15, Long-acre. I have looked at these boards - I should think 6 d. a-foot quite enough for them: I have known Hewett twenty-five or twenty-six years - I have had no dealings with him but have always heard him spoken well of.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you mean to say that, shaken as these boards are, 6 d. would be too much for them? A. I have bought some much better than they are, this morning, at 7 d.


                  JOHN 
                  AXTEL
               



            . I am a coach-maker, and live in Upper North-place, Gray's Inn-lane - I have lived there thirty-five years. I have known Hewett since 1821; he was always an honest upright character, and the most industrious man in the trade - the value of these boards is about 6 d.; I would not give 6 d. for them: these boards are shaken, but if they were sound I would not give 6 d. for them.
Three witnesses gave Green a good character.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HEWETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
