





931. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DIRKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, four half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Trembath
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREMBATH
               



            . I am a bookbinder
, and live with Mr. Wallis, of Berwick-street, Soho. On the 11th of April I was going along Leicester-fields with a friend of mine, and some young men came up and pushed us off the pavement - my friend pulled off his coat and hat, and I took them up in my hand - he ran away, and the watchman came and took me to the watch-house


 - I was detained till the next morning, when my friend came and redeemed them.
Q. How came you to stay there till the next morning - A. I don't know how it was, but they did not believe me; I was not the worse for liquor - it was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening. The prisoner was in the watch-house when I went, and in the same cell as me. I had four half-crown pieces in a purse, with some loose silver in my left hand pocket; I know I had it safe about a quarter of an hour before I got there - I fell asleep there, and awoke about twelve o'clock at night; I then missed the money out of my purse - there was only 6 d. left in it, and 3 d. in copper put into the purse; I lost four half-crowns - I cannot speak as to the other - I did not mention it till the night-constable came in the morning - I had no other time to tell him - he did not come in the course of the night; there were two other persons in the cell; the prisoner borrowed a knife of one of them, and a needle and thread. When he was taken to Marlborough-street, he denied having any money about him, but on being searched, one half-crown was found in the facing of his coat, sowed up, and the other in his waistcoat pocket; he was not searched till he got to Marlborough-street.


                  JOHN 
                  PROCTER
               



            . I was the night-constable. The prosecutor was brought to the watch-house on suspicion of stealing a hat; he was locked up with the prisoner, who had been brought in the morning - they were locked in the same cell - there were two others in the cell; I searched the others, but found nothing on them, but two half-crowns on the prisoner, one in his coat, sewed in the facing, the other in his waistcoat pocket - he had said before that he had no money at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIZZEY
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper of St. Ann's, Westminster


. I took the prisoner for stealing a quantity of lead - I searched him before he went into the watch-house, particularly for instruments to cut lead; I am sure he had no money about him, for after that he said that he had none, and what was he to do for victuals, and asked for a needle and thread.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
