





SIXTH DAY. TUESDAY, JUNE 12.
767. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURTONWOOD
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, one watch, value 2 l.; two seals, value 1 l.; one key, value 5 s.; one ring, value 4 s.; and one ribbon, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Waters
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATERS
               



            . I live at No. 4, York-street, Blackfriars-road. On the 24th of April, about one o'clock in the morning, I was passing through Temple-bar, towards Westminster, with 
               
                  John 
                  Cole
               



            ; I was sober, and had spent the evening with some friends, the last place I left was the Dolphin, public-house, in Coleman-street - as we came by the Punch Bowl, public-house, in the Strand


, we were met by the prisoner, and two other women, they clasped us round, and I found the prisoner grappling for my watch; I missed it immediately, went after them, and overtook them in Shire-lane, at the Star, public-house. Cole was holding the prisoner in one hand, and my watch in the other, she was given in charge - I had been no where with her.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Are you married - A. Yes; there were three women - I was not in Shire-lane, she was not above a minute with me, she put her arms round my neck.


                  JOHN 
                  COLE
               



            . I was with Waters, we were both quite sober, opposite the Punch Bowl, the prisoner and two other females met us, they clasped us round, and wished us to go with them, we refused, and immediately they withdrew - Waters said his watch was gone, I pursued and overtook them just going through Temple-bar, the prisoner ran up Shire-lane, and in the passage of the Star Hotel I caught her with the watch in her hand, she threw it on the floor, I picked it up, and gave her in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say it was done out of fun - A. No; she said she wished the watch and the owner at the devil.
Prisoner's Defence. Several men and women stood together as I passed. I heard a running behind me, I tried to get out of the way - I was knocked down, and as I lay on the ground, I picked the watch up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
