






1195. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RUTTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, one coat, value 6 s., and one pair of breeches, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tomlinson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOMLINSON
               



            . I am a labourer
. I live at Merton, Surrey. These clothes were in my brother's stable, in Flyinghorse-yard, Bishopsgate


.


                  GEORGE 
                  TOMLINSON
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant. My brother's clothes were in the stable. I saw them safe at eight o'clock the night before the prisoners were taken. I locked the stable soon after eight o'clock, went home, and returned at ten next morning. On the 15th of August, my brother came and missed them; somebody had broken down some boards in the loft, to get in. I know Rice used to sleep in the stable; and I saw Rutter, the day before, asleep in a cart, opposite the stable-door. The yard is locked up at night by gates.


                  MARTIN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bradly, pawnbroker, Brown's-lane, Spitalfields. I have a coat and a pair of breeches pawned on the 15th of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning. Both the prisoners came in together; Rutter had them under his arm; they appeared to be brothers, from their manner, and both took part in the pawning; they wanted 1 l. on them. I gave them 10 s. I heard of this in the afternoon. Rutter said the coat was his father's, and not his own, on my saying it was too large for him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a constable. I was fetched to Flyinghorse-yard, and found both the prisoners concealed, one in one stable, and the other in another. I charged them with this robbery; they seemed confused; Rice said Rutter took the things, and that they were pawned in Paternoster-row. I found 5 s. on Rice, but neither of them had a duplicate. Rutter said it was torn up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RICE's Defence. My father turned me out of doors, and I slept in the stable; a man came in the middle of the night, and in the morning he asked me to go and sell them, and he would give me part of the money.
RUTTER. I own I am guilty.
RICE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
RUTTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
