






1313. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BARRETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, two napkins, value 10 s.; six table-cloths, value 18 s.; eighteen handkerchiefs, value 40 s.; five pillow-cases, value 10 s.; eight sheets, value 40 s.; twenty-three towels, value 23 s.; five night-caps, value 2 s.; six pair of stockings, value 30 s.; four waistcoats, value 20 s.; three shifts, value 8 s.; two pin-cloths, value 1 s.; four books, value 10 s.; one silver ornament, value 10 s.; thirty-two drinking glasses, value 33 s.; eighty-five plates, value 3 l.; twenty-one knives, value 20 s.; twenty-one forks, value 20 s., and five spoons, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nathan Mayer 
                           Rothschild
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JESSEE 
                  ALLARD
               



            . I am valet to 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Mayer Rothschild
               



            , Esq., of Stamford-hill


. The female prisoner was his dairy-maid, she had been so about fifteen months, and was in his service when she was apprehended. The male prisoner is her husband - I have seen him at Mr. Rothschild's three or four times, but not for five or six weeks before his apprehension, as I was absent for about a month.


                  JOHN 
                  JOSS
               



            . I am a patrol. I searched the prisoners' house in consequence of a warrant; the male prisoner was in custody at the time, but I did not know it. I searched the house three times. The first time I searched nobody was there; I found various articles there the first time, part of which I produce. I have a list of the articles which I brought away. Here are (producing them) five shirts, two silk handkerchiefs, four silver spoons - three tea and one salt spoon - five pillow-cases, five pair of silk stockings, and I found a pair of new silk stockings rolled up in a paper, directed to Mr. Rothschild; and four muslim handkerchiefs, that is all I found on the first search, which was on the 29th of August; the house was shut up then, there are only two rooms, part was found in a trunk in the upper room, and part concealed under the bed; there was three or four bolsters, and six or seven pillows. On removing the bed-clothes there were parcels of property. I saw Barrett at Mr. Bevill's door on the 29th of August, and said, in his hearing that I had found a great quantity of fine linen in his house, which could not, I thought, belong to a man of his description; he pulled out his shirt and said "I always wear fine linen." I went again to the house on the 30th, and found his wife there, Lappan went with me; we went up stairs and she was in the room. Lappan was there before me and let me in. I made further search about the bed; and found eight cut glass rummers. I found in the bed twenty-two towels and napkins, three sheets, five night-caps, two table-cloths, three cambric pocket-handkerchiefs, six muslin neck-handkerchiefs, five pair of silk stockings, and one pair new, in a paper. I am not able to say what was found the first time. The shirts, handkerchiefs, and sheets were found the first day I know, and on the second day I found the napkins and towels. When I came to one particular towel, she said, "That's my own." She then said, "I will give you anything to desist from making further search." I afterwards found four white Marseilles waistcoats, two shifts, three pillowcases, two pin-cloths, a childs's shirt, four volumes of Classic Tales, one with Mr. Rothschild's name in it, and a lady's tortoiseshell writing-desk. Barrett claimed a pair of breeches, gaiters, watch, spoons, and other things which I found at the house, and he wished the key of the house to be given to his daughter. I found a child's coral head there the first time, and some knives and forks.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. On the 29th you told Barrett you had found shirts finer than he could have - A. Yes, and the next day I found his wife at the house, she was at large.
COURT. Q. When did you find the knives and forks - A. I found twenty-seven knives and forks, on the second day. I made a third search on the 31st, and found twenty-seven China plates, thirteen China saucers, forty-four blue and white plates, and four jugs; the plates were packed in five or six different hampers with hay, and full of glass and China.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPPAN
               



            . I am one of the horse patrol of Bow-street. I was with Joss at the second search, I got there before him, and found Mrs. Barrett there - Joss came in a quarter of an hour after, I told Mrs. Barrett, I was come to search the house again; I had been present at the first search; at the second search a variety of articles were found. When we were turning the napkins over, she said one was her own, and on searching further she said, "Pray do not search any more, and I will give you something for yourselves," I was present at the third search, and I made a fourth search on the Saturday, and only found a few small things; some clothes were found, which Barrett claimed, also the keys of the house.


                  FRANCES 
                  PHASACCALI
               



            . I am house-maid to Mr. Rothschild. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Barrett
               



             lived two years and three months with the family, the man is her husband. In the course of five weeks before the 6th of September, I saw him at the house, I think, four times - I saw him two Sundays in the afternoon, till about ten o'clock at night, and at that time, he bid me good night, and went out of the kitchen to sleep in the house, as I suppose. On Wednesday, the 8th of August, he spent the evening with us, and at half-past oneo'clock in the morning left me in one of the rooms, where I had been sitting, and wished me good night to go to bed, I did not see him again at daylight, Mrs. Barrett, was generally the first person up in the family. I saw the property produced at the office, here are some towels with my master's name on them, they were under my care, and in daily use, the marks have been picked out of some of the things. I often missed things from time to time, but did not mention it, as I thought they might be left at the town house. I kept the linen in a press in my bedroom. The plates were generally kept in a cupboard, not in the dairy.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Were the prisoners ever left in charge of the house - A. Yes, two winters. I missed none of the linen when we returned.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZA 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am under nurse-maid to Mr. Rothschild. I have frequently seen the male prisoner there, the last time I saw him was on the 26th of August, in the morning, about eight o'clock, in the kitchen. I know the coral head to belong to the youngest child. I know one of the books, I have seen one like it in the house, it had Master Rothschild's name in it; here is a pair of silk stockings which I know to be Mr. Rothschild's. We had plates of these patterns, and of this description. I only remember Barrett sleeping in the house once, that was on the 8th August.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am footman to Mr. Rothschild. I know the spoons to be his property, we had them about eighteen months - we missed four others - we did not miss them altogether - the knives and forks are the same pattern as Mr. Rothschild's, and were missed at different times - the glasses are the same patterns as my master's, we missed a great many, three or four at a time.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Rothschild. On the 19th of August, the morning after a party. I saw Barrett go from the house with a bullrush basket under his arm, it did not appear to be full. I wished him good morning, and he did the same: the basket appeared quite light.
Cross-examined. Q. The children had a party, and there was a good deal of broken victuals - A. Yes.


                  SUSAN 
                  BAILY
               



            . I am head nurse to Mr. Rothschild, and can speak to one napkin as my master's property.


                  JAMES 
                  BARRETT
               



            'S Defence. I was never accessary to conveying any property away to my habitation, but am innocently implicated in the charge.


                  MARGARET 
                  BARRETT
               



            'S Defence. My husband knew nothing about it. I had a great deal of the linen from a gentleman who lodged with me at Walthamstow, at one guinea a week, as he could not pay me.


                  JAMES 
                  BARRETT
               



             - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  BARRETT
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Ld. Chief Justice Abbott.
