






542. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DRUMMOND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, a hat, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Birch
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BIRCH
               



            . On the 11th of February, I was dining with a friend, at No. 39, Charing-cross


, and left my hat on the counter, about five o'clock, and missed it about nine.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a plasterer. On the evening of the 11th of February, I was in Crown-street, Soho, and saw the prisoners together - Lewis had this hat wrapped in a handkerchief; he went into a shop on the right hand side, then came out, and gave it to Drummond, who went into another shop with it, and then into a third - I followed him in, and it was on the counter; I asked where he got it: he said he had bought it of a gentleman for 4 s. that afternoon.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Reardon, and saw the prisoners together a little after six o'clock; they went into three different shops - we followed them into the last, which was in Monmouth-street; Drummond said he bought the hat at Marsh-gate, Lambeth, of a gentleman's servant, that afternoon. Lewis said he had got it from him.
DRUMMOND's Defence. I met a gentleman's servant by the Marsh-gate, with the hat; he said he wanted to sell it for 7 s.; I offered 4 s., and he at last took it, and in St. Ann-street, I met this man, and he went with me.
LEWIS's Defence. I had not left work a quarter of an hour before I was taken - I met this young man, and askedhim to go and drink; he asked me to go with him to sell the hat.
DRUMMOND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LEWIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
