





988. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHATFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, a tea-caddy, value 2 l. 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Dark
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN DARK. I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Leather-sellers'-buildings, London-wall


. On Wednesday, the 20th of April, when I went out in the morning, this caddy was safe; I returned at three o'clock, and it was gone. The materials it is made with did not cost me 40 s. On the Friday following the officer produced it - the prisoner was then in custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BRIDGET 
                  SIMMS
               



            . I live with Mr. Dark. On the 20th of April I had been out about three o'clock, and as I came to the end of my master's window, I saw the prisoner come out of the shop, with the tea-caddy under his arm; I did not follow him: I saw him again on the Monday following, and think he is the man - he had a light fustian jacket and blue trowsers on. Nobody was in the shop.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. I was coming down Chiswell-street on Wednesday, the 20th of April, at twenty minutes past three o'clock, and met the prisoner with something wrapped in a handkerchief; I let him pass, and saw him turn down Whitecross-street, into a narrow passage, and then into Red Lion-market-place - he then put the bundle into his apron; I collared him, and asked what he had there - he said a tea-caddy, which a gentleman gave to him in Finsbury-square, to carry; I asked where to - he said to some street in Oxford-street: I detained him, and on the Friday following I found the owner. I found two skeleton keys on him; one of which opens Dark's door; he had a fustian jacket and blue trowsers on.




               GUILTY. Aged 19. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
