





944. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 1 wooden till, value 1s.; 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 17 penny-pieces, and 28 halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Adam 
                     Mott
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  MOTT
               



            . I am sister of 
               
                  Adam 
                  Mott
               



            , who lives in George-street, Euston-square


. About four o'clock in the afternoon of the 16th of March, I was in the parlour, adjoining the shop, which is a grocer's; I heard what I thought was a knocking on the counter, but it proved to be the unlocking of the till; I looked, the till was gone, and I saw a person going out of the shop with it, under his arm - I believe the prisoner to be the man; I ran to the door, but he was out of sight; I saw him again in about three hours, at Marlborough-street; this is the till - there was about 8s. 3 1/2d, in it; a person could reach over the counter, and get it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of March I was standing at my own house; the prisoner ran by with this till, and the money rattling in it; it was just after four o'clock; he was about four hundred yards from the prosecutor's - I pursued him down a mews; he threw the till into an area, at the corner of Euston-square and Drummond-street, and most of the money went into another area; I took him about one hundred yards further, without losing sight of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never inside the shop, and know nothing of it; I was going to a gentleman of the name of Clarkson, second mate of the Repulse; a man came behind me, and threw this till into the area - there was a cry of Stop thief! I ran after the man, and this gentleman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
