





797. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TOMKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, a handkerchief, value 6 d.; two half-crowns; eight shillings, and a sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Pryor
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  PRYOR
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl
, and live in Duke-street, King-street, Westminster. On Saturday, the 26th of April, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I had come out of a house in Coventry-court, and went round by Oxendon-street - I was speaking to the watchman, when the prisoner came up, tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me if I would go and have something to drink - I went with him to the watering-house in Leicester-fields. I had two half-crowns, and seven shillings. He said if I would go to a house with him, he would give me 2 s. 6 d.; he gave me 18 d. I had it all tied up in the corner of my handkerchief, which was in my hand. I was about an hour and a half in his company. When I was in the room with him, he saw me put the 18 d. with the other money. I walked with him up to Windmill-street


, and asked him for the other shilling; he put his hand in his pocket, and rattled his money, and asked what I wanted; I said
"The other shilling, and it rains hard; I wish you would give it me;" he waited till the watchman had cried the hour, and then he snatched the handkerchief out of my hand, and ran off - I called Stop thief! he was stopped by Princes-street, without my losing sight of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not ask me to give you drink - A. No; he asked me to go and drink.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  LOVEGROVE
               



            . I am a watchman of Princes-street, Soho. On Saturday morning, the 26th of April, about half-past two o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! from a female voice, and saw the prisoner running, and the prosecutrix pursuing him - I stopped him. Nobody else was running. She charged him with robbing her of a handkerchief, and 14 s. or 15 s.; he denied it. On the way to the watch-house, he produced a handkerchief, and asked Pryor if it was her's; she said, Yes - he said it was not, and he would make her take her oath of it, for it was his. I attempted to take it from him, but he kept it in his hand. In Titchbourne-street he threw it down, saying, if it was hers to take it - I took it up, and found two half-crowns, and 8 s. 6 d. in it - there was the letter B on the handkerchief. He did not claim it after throwing it down.


                  MARY 
                  PRYOR
               



            . A person named Bureau gave it me twelve months ago. The money in it is what I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a state of intoxication from the first, and went to a house of ill-fame with her, and while there she took a handkerchief from me, and refused to return it. She followed me, asking for more money - I snatched the handkerchief from her, supposing it was mine, but finding something bulky in it, I gave it her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
