





56. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     QUAY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 4 shifts, value 20s.; 5 night-gowns, value 5s.; 28 yards of Holland, value 20s.; 5 pairs of drawers, value 12s.: 3 shirts, value 6s.; 1 dress, value 8s.; 3 sheets, value 15s.; 3 cloths, value 3s.: 1 table-cloth, value 4s.; 9 pillow-cases, value 18s.; 2 napkins, value 1s., and 1 night-cap, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dawes
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  BETTON
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Dawes
               



            , of Maddox-street, Hanover-square


. On Friday, the 28th of August, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came and asked for the mangling things; I asked if she came from Carnaby-street - she said Yes, for the mangling things for her sister, who was very poorly, and not able to come herself; I said they were not quite ready, and asked her down stairs - she staid five or ten minutes, and then took the things, some folded, and some not; she said her sister could fold them, but was not able to come for them- she counted the things herself; there were three dozen and eleven; I had an opportunity of observing her person and dress, and swear it was her - I saw her again the day she was taken, in Bond-street; I knew her again the moment I saw her - I felt quite sure of it; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wood
               



            , of Carnaby-street, mangles for us.
Prisoner. I think that is the person who said at the office she would say the same as the others did - that I was about the heighth of the person who committed the robbery. Witness. I never said any thing of the kind - I never expressed any doubt about her.


                  ANN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I mangle for the prosecutor. I never sent the prisoner for any thing; I was not ill.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HADLINGTON
               



            . I am an apprentice to a pawnbroker in Cambridge-street, Golden-square. I produce some articles, pawned on the 20th of August, by a female, in the name of Ann Cooper, No. 8, Silver-street, but I do not know by whom.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEMMETT
               



            . I took the prisoner - I have nothing more to add; she said she knew nothing of the articles.


                  ANN 
                  BETTON
               



            . These four pillow-cases are Mr. Dawes'.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer told me if I had any papers to destroy them; I know nothing at all of the case.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEMMETT
               



            . I never told her any such thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
