





1676. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WALLACE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, ten sovereigns, twenty half-sovereigns, nine shillings, four sixpences, one thousand corking pins, value 7 s.; four silk stocks, value 6 s.; a Paris-cord stock, value 1 s. 3 d.; four 10 l. and four 5 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Todd
                     



                  , 
                     
                        James 
                        Morrison
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Pearson
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Crow
                     



                  , his masters
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  DILLON
               



            . I am managing clerk to Messrs. Joseph Todd, James Morrison, Richard Pearson, and George Crow. The prisoner was employed by them as cashier
 - he received money daily for necessary disbursements; he had the management of a till in the house, out of which he was to pay to certain signatures, and account for the balance at night; if nothing was paid he was to return the whole. On the night of the 27th of April, 1824, by the accounts in his own writing, he was indebted to the house, and next morning he received 85 l. 18 s. 11 d. and gave an acknowledgment for it. The clerk who paid him the money is dead; business begins at eight o'clock, and at nine he was missing; he might have made disbursements before nine o'clock, but there is no entry of any; he was apprehended a fortnight ago - he had given no notice of his intention to leave - he lived in the house; I assisted the solicitor and officer to open his box on the 29th, and found six papers of corking pins, worth about 7 s. 6 d.; each paper should contain 1008 - the six should be packed in one outer paper, which is taken off - also five new stocks (three of them with our private mark). I have no reason to believe that he ever bought such things.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at the Marquis of Granby public-house, St. Catherine's, last Saturday fortnight, going by the name of Walker. I said he was the man I wanted for absconding from Messrs. Todds with 200 l. - he said it was only 110 l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
