





772. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  RUDDALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 8 gowns, value 4l.; 9 bed-gowns,value 1l.; 5 aprons, value 5s.; 3 petticoats, value 3s.; 4 shifts, value 4s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        George Henry 
                        Ambrose
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ebenezer 
                        Day
                     



.


                  JEMIMA 
                  ANN AMBROSE
               



            . I am the wife of George Henry Ambrose - we lodge in Adam-street West, St. Mary-le-bone


, in the house of Ebenezer Day. The prisoner came to lodge in the front garret on the 17th of February, with a man, who passed as her husband. The articles stated in the indictment were in two boxes, which stood on the garret landing, and were locked - I saw every thing safe in them about a week before the prisoner came there - she left on the 2d of March, and on the 14th I missed this property; the hasp had been taken off the portmanteau - the other box had the hasp taken off and put on again. I sent for Buckeridge, and went with him to her lodgings, in Paradise-street, where we found her; he told her there had been a robbery at Day's, and we wished to search her place - she said we were welcome, as there was nothing there but what belonged to herself - in it - she said flannels for her husband; he opened it, and in it I found two of my gowns, a petticoat, and a night gown.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure Day's name is Ebenezer? A. Yes. They had lodged there for a fornight, and I had not been to the trunks during that time.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoner at her lodging - I asked her what the bundle contained - she said flannels for her husband; I opened it - there was a flannel shirt and a pair of stockings, and under them the property now produced; she then said she knew nothing about it. I found one hundred and nine duplicates there, but none relating to this property. The husband was afterwards taken, and I found 3s. 6d. on him. She said next day that she had redeemed the things from Mr. Harris', Tottenham-court-road.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked the duplicate of the property up on the stairs.
GUILTY. Aged 35.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
