





194. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BOOTY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 fixture, (i. e.) 1 copper, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Kingdon
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I was in care of an empty house, No. 21. Finsbury-place


, belonging to William Kingdon, for a fortnight or three weeks before the 6th of December; I went out that day a little after three o'clock, leaving this copper safe - I returned about five, and found the house door open; as I went down the area, I saw the prisoner and another man go out - the prisoner had the copper on his head, on a knot; I ran and seized them both - the prisoner appeared to try to throw the copper on me - he threw it down - but I seized him again, and held him - the other got away - they had forced their way in at the back of the premises, and pulled the copper out of the brick-work.


                  EDMUND 
                  CHAPLIN
               



            . I am a servant at the next house: I had seen this copper secure about three o'clock, and just before five I heard a disturbance, ran out, and assisted in taking the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  WALTER
               



            . I was at work in Finsbury-place, and heard a noise, ran out, and, being an officer, I took charge of the prisoner - I fitted the copper to the place - it fitted exactly.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along with a knot - a gentleman took me to the house, opened the door, and told me to take the copper to his dwelling-house - he could not open the door, and gave me 2 1/2d. to get a pint of beer, and return in half an hour, as he could get in at the back of the premises - I went in half an hour, and he let me in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
