





1382. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRAVEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, a hat, value 11 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Gardiner
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DANIEL GARDINER
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Gardiner
               



            , who keeps a hat warehouse
 in Chiswell-street


. On the 4th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner in the shop with two others; they asked to look at a silk hat; I showed one to one of his companions - it did not fit him; I put that into the window, and went to the back of the shop for another; the hat was within reach of either of them - when I came back the prisoner was gone, and his two companions had removed from the window; they then bought a hat, and paid for it. I went to put away the hats afterwards and missed the one I had put into the window; there was no other person there at the time. I looked about, and saw an old hat at the end of the counter. I then went down White-cross-st. - and on coming back I looked up Playhouse-yard, and saw the two persons who had come with the prisoner, just turning into Golden-lane; I watched them into a court; and then lost sight of them. I got an officer, and saw the prisoner in about five minutes afterwards, in another court in Golden-lane, with the hat on his head; he said he had bought it of a Jew that morning, and had given his own in exchange, and 10 s. I am quite certain that it is mine; it has our private mark in it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. All the hats have the same private mark - A. Yes. I have sold a variety of hats corresponding in price and quality with this. I never saw the prisoner before that day.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I saw the prisoner about twelve or one o'clock, and took hold of him and another; Gardiner charged him with having stolen his hat; be hardly made any answer, but on going down the alley he said he had bought it of a Jew for 10 s. and his old hat.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I am a constable. Gardiner applied to me - I and Tweedy went and found the prisoner with the hat upon his head; there was another person with him, but not the one who was with him at the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a Jew, and gave him 10 s. and my old hat for this. It is not likely that I should takea new hat from his shop to fit me without his seeing me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
