





London Cases, Second Jury,
Before Mr. Recorder.
387. 
               
                  JOHN FREDERICK 
                  SCHUTTE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 21/2 yards of linen cloth, value 1s. 8d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bousfield
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John 
                        Bousfield
                     



                  , his masters
            .
Mr. WILLIAM BOUSFIELD. I am a slop-seller

, in partnership with John Bousfield - no other person is interested in this property. The prisoner was nearly two years in our service. On the 19th of January, about eight o'clock at night, as he was leaving work, I stopped him at the gate, and said he must be searched, but nothing was found on him; I accompanied the officer to his premises, leaving him behind; they brought down two yards and a half of linen; he immediately said "This is my master's property"- the officer said "We do not want you to implicate yourself." I could not identify it myself - he was employed the day before in cutting linen of this description, and in a book, in his own hand-writing, he has entered forty-eight garments cut from this duck, which three pieces would make, and by cutting them rather small he might leave two yards and a quarter over - it was of the same quality as the garments cut.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you two or three different firms? A. No; the names of Favel and Bousfield are over our door, but the first is only there by courtesy.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, but found nothing on him; I then went to the second floor front room at No. 47, Duke-street, Aldgate, and found three pieces of Russia duck - I took them to Mr. Bousfield's, where the prisoner had been detained; he said "They are my master's." I cautioned him to say nothing that would hurt him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLAISTOW
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the prisoner say "I admit that is my master's property."
Prisoner's Defence. I have no recollection of saying any thing of the kind.
JURY to Mr. BOUSFIELD. Q. It is usual for you to expect so many garments from a piece, and for him to have the rest? A. No; we allow no perquisites - the remnants should be used up in the next quantity cut - we allow nothing to be taken off the premises; I had cautioned him against taking any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
