





Before Mr. Recorder.
883. 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  HOPCROFT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 35 lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., belonging to 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Pige
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, against the statute
            , &c.
HENRY PIGE. I am an oilman
, and live in George-street, Bethnal-green


, and rent the whole house. I saw this lead safe on my roof on the 24th of March, in the afternoon - it was fixed near the chimney - next morning(Sunday), about a quarter-past six o'clock, the private patrol called me - I went, and missed this lead (about 35lbs.); the prisoner lived next door to me - I do not know what he has been doing lately - I believe he has been away from his parents - he must have come into my yard, and got on the privy to get it - I found it at the watch-house - it is of the same kind as mine; it was pulled away from the chimney, not cut.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOYAL
               



            . I am a private patrol - Mr. Pige's house is in my beat. On Sunday morning, the 25th of March, about a quarter-past five o'clock, as it was just getting light; I saw a chap come down a court, leading to the back of Pige's house; I went up there, and found the privy door shut - I asked who was there - the prisoner answered, "It is Hopcroft;" the parish watchman came up, and knocked at the door - he opened it, and this lead was behind the door; no other person was there; I said,"This is your game, is it Mr. Hopcroft?" he said he knew nothing about the lead, and came there for a certain purpose - the privy is common to all the houses in the court; I tried to seize him - he fought very hard, and struck me in the jaw; I got assistance, and took him to the watch-house; I then went to Mr. Pige's, called him up, and asked if he had lost any lead; he looked round, and said he had; I applied this lead to the roof; it fitted exactly, and covered that part of the roof near the chimney, and exactly matched with what was left; I have no doubt of its being the same.


                  JOHN 
                  ABSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I came up to the privy when Loyal was knocking; I knocked, went in, and found the prisoner there alone; this lead was behind the door - he fought very hard to get away, but was secured;I went, and compared it with Pige's roof; it fitted exactly - I am certain it had come from there.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a watchman. I went up, and found the prisoner in the privy with the lead; I saw it compared with the roof, and believe it came from there.


                  JOHN 
                  GORDON
               



            . I was officer of the night. I saw the lead compared, and believe it came from there.
Prisoner's Defence. I got up, and went to the privy; the patrol asked who was there; I told my name.


                  ANN 
                  GILDERSTEIN
               



            . I live in Red Lion-yard, George-street, Bethnal-green - the prisoner lived next door to Pige's. Between five and six o'clock that morning I saw the patrol at the privy door; the patrol drew his cutlass, and said he would cut his head off if he resisted; I did not see him resist; I called out to him not to commit murder; I was at the window, and he was inside the privy.
W. LOYAL. I did not strike him till he jammed the door too, and struck me; he said, "I will muzzle you;" I then drew my cutlass.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
