






1150. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DEXTER
               




             and SARAH, HIS WIFE
, were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, 1 bed, value 70s.; 1 bolster, value 3s.; 2 pillows, value 2s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 1 pair of pillow cases, value 1s.; 1 pair of bellows, value 1s. 6d.; 1 looking-glass, value 6d.; 1 basin, value 6d.; 1 saucepan, value 1s., and 1 mattress, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Butterton
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BUTTERTON
               



            . I am the wife of John Butterton, and live in Marsham-street, Westminster


: I let a second floor room furnished to the prisoner, at 5s. a week, in September; he brought some work and locked the door - he is a tailor

 - they continued there till the 11th of June - they paid at first very regularly, but at last owed about 2l. 16s. He was talking of going into the country and leaving his wife. I went into the rooms on the 11thof June, and missed these articles - he said he would replace them on Monday; the woman said at Queen-square, that she had pawned them, when her husband was there.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON JACKSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Tothill-street. I have a sheet, a quilt, and a flat iron, pawned by the female prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAGNALL
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for on Sunday, the 11th of June, and took the man into custody, who said he would try to compromise it - the woman said it would all he made good; I asked him at the watch-house for the duplicates - he said he had left them with a friend, but I went back and found his son coming out, and found the duplicates on him.


                  PHILIP 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street. I have a sheet pawned by the female prisoner - here the counter duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner's called,


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  LEE
               



            . I am married - my husband is a porter and carman - we live at Charing-cross - the prisoner is my brother. On the day after Christmas-day I went to my brother's room to dinner, and Mr. Butterton said"Mr. Dexter, never want money while there is any thing that will fetch it, as I know I shall get it again." I was here before when Mr. Eady robbed my mother; I never heard of John Dexter being here before - it was in the other Court - he has been out of the country, but I think not quite seven years.
COURT to SARAH BUTTERTON. Q. Did you give any consent that this property should be pawned? A. No such thing was ever named.
JOHN DEXTER'S Defence. I had no knowledge whatever of the things being pawned.
JOHN DEXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  SARAH 
                  DEXTER
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
