





929. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, a jacket, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard Edward 
                     Hopkins
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a painter and glazier. I was in Goodge-street


 on the 24th of April, about half-past 8 o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner with two other persons, not in custody. I saw him and another, dressed in a sailor's garb, go into Mr. Hopkins's shop - I am certain the prisoner was one of them - they had nothing with them; but when they came out, the prisoner had something under his jacket. I ran across to meet them - they ran away, and dropped something down in a stand of coaches - the prisoner had the jacket - Reardon picked it up - the prisoner was taken five minutes afterwards. I had seen him before he entered the shop, and am sure he is the man.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a plasterer. I saw Roberts at the end of Goodge-street, and he pointed out the boys. I saw them go in and come out. The prisoner had the jacket. I could not see that it was a jacket, until he dropped it in the coach-stand.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Edward Hopkins
               



            , who keeps a sale shop. About half-past 8 o'clock (I was in the shop a minute or two before) I had gone into the room, and the door was partly shut. The jacket hung behind the door, and no one could get it without opening the door. I went to serve a customer, and this gentleman brought me the jacket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
