





FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, APRIL 11.
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury.
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
819. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MASON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 shawl, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Ellen 
                        Mullins
                     



                  ; and 1 jacket, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Wilkinson
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALLETT
               



            . I am a cow-keeper, and live in Tyson-street, Clerkenwell


. About half past five o'clock on the morning of the 24th of March, I went into my cow yard, and saw the prisoner coming out of one shed into the other, with a bundle under his arm: he turned into a stall where a chaff-engine was - he laid down his bundle there, went into another stall, and laid himself under the horse's head; I sent a man for the watchman, and the prisoner went into another stall; I then seat another man for a watchman; he attempted to make his escape, and I tried to seize him with one hand, having my light in the other, and some measures; he got from me, and ran to an open fence; I threw down what I had, and seized him by one leg; he then took a knife out of his pocket, and cut my two hands. One of the witnesses then came to me, and he cut at him in the legs; I tried to get the knife from him, but could not; he then cut at my legs, but with the back of the knife. I seized him by the throat - Ellen Mullins came, and got the knife from him - he was then taken to the watch-house - these articles were found in the manger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hallet. I saw the prisoner in a stall in his cow shed, on the 24th of March; I knew him very well. I went for the watchman. We found this jacket in the manger - he was quite sober.
ELLEN MULLINS. I go to Mr. Hallett's to get milk. - I had left this shawl there five minutes before five o'clock that morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am a constable. These articles were brought to me by Wilkinson.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been among the hay carts, trying to get some victuals. I got tipsy, and went to lay down in the manger, the shed being open.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See page 258).
