





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1307. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     VERNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Dare
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 8th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, part of a watch chain, value 1 s., and a seal, value 1 s.
            , his property.


                  PHILIP 
                  DARE
               



            . I am an inspector to the Chartered Gas Light Company
, Brick Lane, and live in Church-street, Blackfriars-road. On the 8th of October, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening, I was on duty in Goswell-street


, about ten doors from Old-street, standing in the street looking at my lamps; a person rushed by me, and gave me a shove, and with that shove made a snatch at my seal and key; he came down from Old-street way, rather behind me; the shove and snatch were done both together - it rather pushed me to the left, but not to hurt me; the chain broke, and he ran off with the seal and three keys - he was brought back in about five minutes, and had been out of my sight as I did not follow him; the prisoner is the person who was brought back - but whether he snatched my watch I cannot say - I saw my property at Hatton-garden on the 11th of October.


                  JAMES 
                  MALLIN
               



            . I am a smith, and live in Ironmonger street. On the 8th of October, about a quarter past seven o'clock, I was in Goswell-street, talking to a friend, and saw the prisoner make a rush at the prosecutor, and run down a turning; I followed him till he was taken, which was in about three minutes, and never lost sight of him. Woodward stopped him when I was about a yard from him - he was taken back to the prosecutor, and detained. I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWLETT
               



            . I keep a millinery warehouse in Goswell-street. On the 8th of October I was standing near my door, talking to Mallin, and saw the prisoner rush against the prosecutor - he immediately ran away; we followed, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken. I was not two yards from him, and am certain of him. Several people were running behind, but none between us and him.


                  CHARLES 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Attfield-street. I was returning from work, and at the corner of Baltic-street, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running violently towards me, and stopped him; nobody was running before him. The two last witnesses were within two yards of him. Next morning, about six o'clock, within a yard of the very spot where I took him I picked up a seal, three keys, and part of a watch chain, and gave them to the officer.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I was on duty under Charterhouse-wall, and saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the way, and directly heard a cry of Stop thief! I instantly ran over, and pursued down the court, behind Mallin and Howlett, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped - I knew him before. I have the seals and keys.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRITT
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol, and was with Waddington; he made a remark to me, and Isaw the prisoner. There was a cry of Stop thief! immediately; we pursued, and never lost sight of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was making the best of my way from Smithfield to Banner-street, and running through these courts, which have seven or eight turnings, leading to different parts.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
