





766. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DEVINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, a pair of trowsers, value 12 s.; a pair of drawers, value 2 s.; a pair of stockings, value 3 s.; a shirt, value 3 s., and a handkerchief, value 1 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Larham
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LARHAM
               



            . I am a seaman
. I lodge with my sister in White Lion-street, Norton-falgate; I met theprisoner about eleven o'clock on Wednesday night in Bishopsgate-street; I was quite sober; I had these things in a bundle, and had just come from my ship, about ten o'clock; she was with another woman; they asked me to go home with them, I went to a house in Angel-alley, Bishopsgate-street


; we went into a bed room on the second floor; I stopped till near one o'clock; the other woman stopped with me - I put my bundle on the table, and sat down by the fire. The prisoner made an excuse to go out, to light the candle - she took the bundle off the table, and went out. I had not then been in the room above five minutes - I went after her but could not overtake her, and returned to the room and stopped there, thinking she would return. I have found none of the property; I saw her next morning between nine and ten o'clock, opposite White Lion-street, Norton-falgate, and charged her with it - she said she had never seen me before. I am certain of her. It was a moon-light night, but there was no candle in the room.
JOHN HARDING. I am an officer. Larham came to me about one o'clock in the morning, and described the prisoner's person. I took her from his description in Shoreditch; I searched her - I found nothing in the house. He shewed me the house; I know she lived there, with the other woman.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
