






1442. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  WEST
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Atto
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS ATTO. On the 30th of June I lost a silk handkerchief; I did not feel it taken, but I received information from the officer and the persons around me, and then I missed it - I had had it about five minutes before; it has not my initials on it, but has a hole in it; I have had it two years, and know it well - I did not see the prisoner.
GEORGE WADDINGTON. I was on duty at the fire in Red Lion-street


; I saw the two prisoners close up upon the prosecutor - Smith put his hands round him, and West took the handkerchief from him: I caught hold of West, who dropped it at his feet.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I was on duty; I heard Waddington's voice, turned round, and saw he had hold of West - he told me to take up this handkerchief, which I did.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WEST'S Defence (written.) I followed the engines to see the fire, and what the officer swears arises from a mistake; between me and the prosecutor there was another person, who disappeared on the officer touching me; I am quite a stranger to my fellow prisoner.
SMITH'S Defence. I was going from Hackney; I saw the people, and heard there was a fire; I went there, and had not been ten minutes when I was taken.
GEORGE WADDINGTON re-examined. Q. How long had you seen them together? A. For near three quarters of an hour, or an hour, trying different pockets - that induced me to watch them.
WEST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
