






1821. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William Gansden

                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Judah 
                           Jacobs
                        



                     
                  , on the 22nd of June
, and stealing therein 2 coats, value 30s., their property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GANSDEN
               



            . I live in Barbican


, and am a tailor

. On the 22nd of June, about twelve o'clock in the day, a pane of glass was shoved in, and two coats taken out of the window - I did not see the transaction; I have no doubt the glass was perfectly sound - I had probably seen it in the course of the morning several times, but cannot say exactly; I had been up stairs about ten minutes, was called down, and saw some persons in my shop - they said, "Here is a man who has been taking two coats out of your window;" one of the prisoners were there, and they were pursuing the other.


                  ANTHONY 
                  ROWEN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was coming up Barbican - I saw the two prisoners at the prosecutor's window; I saw Graham put his hand in, and pull thesecoats towards the window - he took one out and gave it to Smith, who concealed it under his coat; Graham then took another, and they walked on towards Smithfield- I rushed in between them, seized Smith, and brought him back; the officer followed Graham, and took him within four or five minutes - I found one coat on Smith.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. How long did you see them there? A. A long time - I had a good view of the window; I cannot tell whether they were drunk or sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTLAND
               



            . I am a brewer's labourer. I was crossing to Golden-lane, and saw the prisoners at the window - Graham had his arm in the window; I told Rowen to look - I then saw the officer coming along, and told him; he pursued, and took Graham - a coat was found on each.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am an officer. I produce two coats - I took Graham with one of them, and the other was found on Smith.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GANSDEN
               



            . They are the property of myself and my partner, 
               
                  Judah 
                  Jacobs
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not state last Session, that your partner's name was Lawrence Miles? A. No.
Graham's Defence. I was intoxicated, and have no recollection of it.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 23.
GRAHAM - GUILTY. Aged 29.




               Of stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
