






849. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  DUNN
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DUNN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 6 yards of bed furniture, value 8s.; 2 shirts, value 24s.; 1 tablecloth, value 8s., and 4 handkerchiefs, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas William Charles 
                  Edwards
               




            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS WILLIAM CHARLES EDWARDS. I live at Homerton


. I employed Ann Hand to wash for me. On Monday, the 20th of March, I had occasion to go into the garden, while the clothes were hanging out, and about a quarter before seven o'clock I went into the garden again, when one of the lines was cut and gone; I had given Hand my bed furniture to wash.


                  ANN 
                  HAND
               



            . I was employed on the 20th of March, to wash for this gentleman; there was one line, which contained four half-handkerchiefs, a small window curtain, two of master's linen shirts, the bed furniture, and a large table-cloth. I had seen them all safe about half-past six o'clock, when I went for a pail of water; my master called me about seven, and the line was cut at each end, and the things all gone. The line was fourteen yards long; I can swear to the bed furniture - I had separated it for the purpose of being washed, and it corresponds exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLING
               



            . I am a constable of Hackney. - On the 25th of March I apprehended the two prisoners - I did not search them, but Attfield did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I was with the constable. I searched Joseph Dunn on the 25th of March, about eleven o'clock in the morning, at Hackney, and found this bed furniture, quite wet, wrapped round his body, under his clothes. I asked how he came by it, and he said it was his own - that he had had it washed, and was going to sell it to his brother, at Clapton, as he was very much in want of money, and if any body else could own it he must suffer for it. Garton (who was with me) found this piece of print, which appears to be the same furniture, in the hat of Charles Dunn; I did not hear what he said about it.
CHARLES DUNN'S Defence. As I was coming home I met a watchman in the field, and coming over the fields I saw something white in a dry ditch; I took it home, and showed it to my landlady. On the Sunday some persons came in, and said I had better take it to the first public-house, nearest to where I found it; I was going the next morning to take it to the White Horse public-house, and while I was there Mr. Attfield took my brother; I went with them, and at Worship-street I pulled off my hat, and he saw what was in it.
JOSEPH DUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CHARLES DUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
