





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
885. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  BEECHEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, a soup ladle, value 30 s.; a pair of sugar tongs, value 5 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 6 s.; two waistcoats, value 4 s.; four handkerchiefs, value 4 s.; a petticoat, value 1 s.; a ring, value 4 s.; a seal, value 4 s., and a key, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Barkley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARKLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Barkley
               



            ; we live in Rupert-street, Whitechapel


. On the 17th of April, about seven o'clock in the morning, when I got up, and went into the back parlour, I found the drawers taken out, they were locked the night before, and every thing was safe. I missed the articles stated in the indictment; the bolt of the back door was broken; the persons must have got over the wall of the yard to get to that door; the prisoner had lodged with us, and left about three weeks before the robbery.
Cross-examined by MR. COOKE. Q. What is your husband - A. He is foreman to Mr. Parsons, a butcher. I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock; nobody but my own family were in the house.
Q. Do not many persons come to your house at night whom you do not see - A. They may, but nobody came on that night; my servant is not here; persons sleep at the house sometimes whom I do not see; but I swear that none but my own family were there on that night; the back door was forced.
Q. The prisoner has lost the use of one arm - A. It is crooked, but I have seen her wash and work with it.


                  EDWARD 
                  MALES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Parker, pawnbroker, Aldgate. On the 17th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner pawned a soup-ladle and sugar-tongs for 34 s. I am certain of her.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            , I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 19th, dancing at the Golden Lion public-house, Leman-street, Whitechapel, about nine o'clock at night; there were about 200 persons in the room; she was sitting down, and was pointed out to me. I went to Dock-street, and searched a room, which was pointed out to me as her's. I stated before her next morning, that I had searched her room; described where it was, and said I had found a napkin, a piece of ribbon, and three duplicates there. She sent for her landlady, who was the person who shewed me the room.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you notice the prisoner's door - A. I did; it had been wrenched with the violence, but clum-sily; not as thieves generally do. The yard wall is about four feet and a half high; it was a very wet night, and in the soft dirt in the yard, there were prints of a man's feet and a woman's pattens near the wall
COURT. Q. Does the door open into a garden - A. Into a paved yard, my Lord. It appeared that persons making the foot and patten marks had got over the wall which leads to a court.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
