





1334. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  DONOVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 3 sovereigns, 12 shillings and 4 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Wilkinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JONATHAN WILKINSON. I live near Uxbridge. On Tuesday last I was in Fleet-market


 with Brown; he asked me to have a glass of something; we were going to Mr. Mason's, and met the prisoner with another young woman; the prisoner asked if we would give her anything to drink; we gave her no answer; she followed us; my friend gave me a glass of gin and the prisoner one: she then asked me for one; I made her no answer - she pushed close up to me as I turned to speak to Mr. Mason, and then my purse was gone from my pocket; I said to her immediately, "You have robbed me - you have picked my pocket and got my purse and money;" she declared she had not; I said I would have her searched; I sent for an officer, and just as he came I saw the purse drop down at the counter; there was no one within a yard of her; I took it up, but the money was gone; she was taken to the watch-house; I have not recovered the money; it was all safe half an hour before, when I gave some change.


                  JOEL 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was with Wilkinson at half-past six o'clock in the morning; we went into the wine-vaults; he said he had lost his purse and money - the prisoner was at his side and the other young woman was close to him; they were close to him for about ten minutes; I saw the prisoner put her hand into her bosom, take out the purse, and pass it outside her linen, between her thighs; she kept it there about three minutes and then let it fall; the other woman, who was close to her, turned round, and asked if I would accept of a glass of spirits; I refused and placed myself against the door; there were seven or eight men there; some of them went out at the other-door.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am a patrol. Wilkinson gave the prisoner and another woman into my charge; I saw the purse at the prisoner's feet, and at the Compter we found 8s.6d. on her; she was very violent and saucy, and singing.


                  RICE 
                  PRICE
               



            . I took her in charge; here is the purse and 8s.6d.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. We were going to a coffee-shop; the prosecutor was selling water-cresses, and said he would treat us; he poured out a glass of gin and peppermint; he was drunk and said he had lost his money; he accused the other woman of it and then me; I never saw his purse till it was on the floor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
