





1312. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, one pocket-book, value 1 d., and 21 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hall
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . On Saturday night, the 13th of October, about twelve o'clock, I went into the Coachmaker's Arms, public-house, Long-acre


. I was perfectly sober. I called for a glass of gin, took out my pocket-book, and gave half-a-crown, returned my pocket-book to my coat pocket, and as I was taking up the glass to drink, I felt something at my pocket, and saw the prisoner's hand go from my pocket; he opened the door, and I saw the pocket-book in his hand - he ran out, I pursued him down Hanover-street, across a street or two, and saw the watchman lay hold of him in Nottingham-court; he took him to the watch-house - while the watchman was holding him, he thrust his hand into my bosom, and said, my pocket-book was there; the watchman took his hand out, and I found it there - hemust have put it there - it contained a sovereign, 1 s. 6 d. and some memorandums.


                  MORRIS 
                  QUILL
               



            . I am the watchman. I seized the prisoner, who was running, the prosecutor was pursuing him, calling Stop thief! and said he had robbed him of his pocket-book; the prisoner thrust his hand into his bosom, and said "Here it is."
Prisoner. Q. Did I not collar the prosecutor - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner run out of the Coachmaker's Arms, public-house; Hall followed him, calling Stop thief! he ran as fast as he could, he was secured when I came up - Hall was holding the prisoner's hand in his bosom, he then said "Draw your hand out, for if you have put it there, leave it there, you thief."
Prisoner's Defence The house was full of people and girls - I saw him pull his pocket-book out, and put it in his bosom again - I heard the cry and ran; he charged me with it, and I said "It is in your bosom."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Ld. Chief Justice Abbott.
