





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1608. 
               
                  
                     ROSINA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 chain, value 2l.; 3 seals, value 30s., and 1 key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Byers
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Finch
                     



.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to have been stolen from his person.


                  GEORGE 
                  BYERS
               



            . I was a coachman to 
                  
                     Titus 
                     Berry
                  




 on the 10th of August, and lodged at No. 5, Blenheim-street, Oxford-road


. I met the prisoner that night, between twelve and one o'clock - I was coming up Regent-street and she overtook me, and asked me the time - I said I thought it was near twelve o'clock; she said she was afraid it was later - I pulled out my watch, and said it wanted twenty minutes to one o'clock; she said she had been spending the evening with some friends, and was afraid she was locked out, and should be obliged to walk the streets all night. I took compassion on her, and asked her to go home with me to my lodgings - she did so; we went to bed together - I put my watch under the pillow, with the seals and chain; I cannot say whether she saw me put it there - I went to sleep, and awoke about six o'clock in the morning - she was then gone, and my watch also, with the chain, seals, and key - they were worth 7l. or 8l.; I had worn the chain four or five years - it was a gold chain, three gold seals, a gold key, and a silver watch, which cost 9l. 10s. by itself, about twelve months before; she had not told me she was going - I did not know where she lived then - I saw my watch on the Monday following. at Mr. Joyce's, pawnbroker, of Euston-street, Euston-square; I had advertised it, and sent hand-bills round to the pawnbrokers. I happened to go into Joyce's shop, and asked if he had such property - and he produced the watch and appendages, all complete, as I had lost it - I had not given it to her - I am certain of her person; I did not lock my bed-room door - Mr. Finch lives in the house; I only have the second floor front room, and I am single.


                  ELIZA 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Hill-street, and am out of place now. In August last I lived in the same house with the prisoner, at No. 26, Euston-crescent. On Friday, the 10th of August, some time in the morning, I saw her come home - I was then in bed. I saw her about eleven or twelve o'clock - she asked me to go and pledge a watch for her, and told me where to go. I do not know where it was - but it was in the neighbourhood; she told me to ask three sovereigns on it, but I made a mistake, and asked for two; she sent me back, and I got another on it - I gave her the three sovereigns, and the duplicate. I had only lived with her about a week - she did not say where she got the watch.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HENRY JOYCE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crescent-street, Euston-squarre. On the 10th of August Williams pawned a watch with me, for 2l.; I asked if it was hers - she said it belonged to a Mr. Clark, of No. 26, Euston-crescent. I gave her 2l. with a ticket for the watch, chain, and seals - she returned in less than a quarter of an hour, and asked for another pound, saying, she had made a mistake. I gave her another, as it was worth the money. On the Monday following, Byers brought a hand-bill - I told him I had got the watch - he claimed it; it answered the description on his bill. I went with him and the officer, that evening, to No. 26, Euston-crescent, and Byers pointed out the prisoner, among four or five other women there - Williams was not there; the prisoner denied it strongly. I said she had better tell the truth; the property is worth 5l. in the trade. I do not think it would fetch more - I think that the full value.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am a constable, and took her in charge, at No. 26, Euston-crescent. She said the watch was left with her by a gentleman the preceeding evening, to pledge, as he had no money. She denied knowing the prosecutor - I searched, but found no duplicate.

G. BYERS
            . I have no doubt of the watch, and am certain of her person.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him - it was quite a different gentleman who left it with me, and he said if I wished to pawn it I might.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
