






1855. 
               
                  MARY 
                  WILSON
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  EDAY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 3 veils, value 4l. 5s., and 30 yards of ribbon, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Harvey
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
Mr. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. John Harvey, a linen-draper
, of Ludgate-hill


. On the 26th of October the prisoners came into the shop in company together - they bought a veil and six yards of ribbon, which was put up for them; after I sold them the veil I saw Wilson put something into her muff in a hurried manner, which excited my suspicion, and after they paid, Mr. Harvey,(whom I had acquainted with it,) requested them to walk into the back-shop; he called me soon afterwards, and showed me a veil in Wilson's muff - I took it out; it was not the one I had sold them: it was not in paper, but folded up rough; a constable was called in, and as they were leaving I saw two more veils on the warehouse floor, where Wilson had stood - they were then in the passage, and did not see me find them. I got into a coach with them, and saw Wilson drop a piece of ribbon, which I picked up - that was ours, and I had not sold it them. When we got to the Compter, after they got out of the coach, the constable brought me another piece of ribbon, which was ours - when we were in the coach Eady cried; Wilson said she need not fret, for it was not her who had done it. - When Eady found the constable was sent for, she felt particularly anxious that the veil should be paid for, that they might go.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You cannot say that she saw Wilson take the property? A. No; they laid out 20s., and were dressed as fashionable as possible; they were a quarter of an hour in the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. They bought a veil and a piece of ribbon? A. Yes; I showed them the veils in the shop - Wilson said she must have made a mistake in putting her handkerchief from the counter into her muff. The three veils were worth 4l. 15s., and the ribbon above 2l.; we have about twenty shopmen, but I only attended to them.
MR. JOHN HARVEY. Norton applied to me, and I asked the prisoners into the adjoining warehouse, and said, they were suspected of having taken more than they had paid for; I saw the corner of the veil projecting out of the muff, and called Norton, who took it out.


                  DANIEL 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable. I went in the coach with the prisoners; I saw Wilson's arms under her pelisse two or three times, and something drop - when the coach-door was open I found two rolls of ribbon, where Wilson had sat.(Property produced and sworn to).
WILSON'S Defence. The veils lay all about the counter, and in putting my handkerchief into my muff I accidentally put one in; Mr. Harvey said, there was something in my muff, which I gave him, and he pulled the veil out with the handkerchief - as we got into the coach he accused us of taking two more - the shopman had asked if there were not some veils in the warehouse.
JOHN NORTON re-examined. I do not recollect seeing a handkerchief in the muff; we never keep veils in the warehouse. I had asked the shopman if there were notsome in the warehouse, but that was only an excuse, that I might get to tell Mr. Harvey.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
EADY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
