





873. 
               
                  KESIAH 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 2 pieces of woollen cloth, value 8s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 3 napkins, value 1s.; 1 pinafore, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 2 pairs of stockings, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thomas
               




            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Thomas; he is a porter
, and lives in Exeter-street, Strand. The prisoner lived with me for six weeks - she was a servant
; when out of place she was in the habit of being with me. I have an aged mother very ill; and as I go out to ladies houses myself it is necessary I should have some one there with my mother. I left the prisoner there on Monday morning, the 12th of March, and desired her to get the dinner ready at twelve o'clock, against my husband came home. I went to Islington, and returned soon after eleven o'clock; I found the room door open: my drawers had been opened, and these articles taken from them; the prisoner was gone. I had seen them all safe the night before - my little girl had this pinafore on the day before - I have seen my property since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am an officer. Mrs. Thomas gave the prisoner into my charge on the 12th of March, a little before eleven o'clock at night, with this shawl on her shoulder - the duplicates of this property were found on her.


                  REUBEN 
                  RICE
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I took this shawl from her shoulders, and the duplicates were found on her person.


                  EDWARD 
                  STORR
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Balfour, pawnbroker, of Chandos-street. I have two remnants of cloth, and a cotton gown, pawned on the 12th of March by the prisoner.


                  LEWIS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two napkins, a pinafore, and an apron, pawned by the prisoner, on the 12th of March.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
