







Second London Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1836. 
               
                  LEWIS MERRY 
                  WEBLEY
               




            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SAWYER
               



            , and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  CORNWELL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 50lbs. weight of cheese, value 30s., and 30 eggs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cory
               



            , the elder, and 
               
                  William 
                  Cory
               



            , the younger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FINCHAM
               



            . I am a constable. On Sunday, the 15th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I had just come off duty, and met Webley in Long-alley, Shoreditch, four or five hundred yards from Mr. Corys' - he was carrying a bag with two cheeses; I followed, stopped him in Angel-alley, and asked where he got them; he said he found them at the top of Cornhill - I took him to the watch-house, and found thirty eggs in his hat, and in his pocket two leaves, corresponding with a book which Mr. Cory had in his shop; Mr. Cory claimed the cheeses. I took Sawyer on the Monday, and at the second examination the Lord Mayor sent for Cornwell - an officer brought him, and he was committed.


                  JAMES 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am porter to a wine-merchant. On Sunday morning, the 15th of October, I saw Cornwell waiting with two persons, opposite Mr. Cory's door, from six o'clock to half-past six; when they saw me at the window Cornwell said something to the other two, and walked down the street a little way - he then returned to them, and walked away again; I saw the other two run across opposite to Corys' door - I was going out in about half an hour, and Cornwell passed me with a bundle under his arm, tied in a black handkerchief.
WILLIAM CORY, JUN. I am in partnership with my father - we live in Bishopsgate-street. I know the prisoners, by seeing them all walk about the street, but I have not seen them in company. These cheeses are ours - we did not miss them till Fincham brought them; we have too many to miss them, but I know we never sold them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PELHAM
               



            . I am in Mr. Cory's service. On Sunday morning, the 15th of October, about a quarter past six o'clock I opened the door - Webley and Sawyer crossed over, and came into the shop; Webley followed me down stairs, and brought up a cheese, which he gave to Sawyer; I knew them before. It was agreed they should come - they had been there the Sunday before, and I had made an agreement on Saturday with Webley, that they should come - I knew Cornwell before, but not Sawyer so well as the other two.
Q. Who came on Sunday morning? A. Webley and Sawyer. When Webley gave Sawyer the cheese he took it out, wrapped in an apron; Cornwell then came in, and I gave him a piece of butter, and twenty or thirty eggs; he wrapped the butter in a black handkerchief; Cornwell went away with them - Webley had a bag - he took two cheeses and put into it, and had thirty eggs, some in his hat - that is all they had that morning.
Q. Have you been in the habit of robbing your master? A. Yes, for about three Sunday mornings - I am still in his employ. I was taken up, and then mentioned this circumstance; Sawyer had never been there before - the others had been twice. I have lived a year and a half with Mr. Cory.
WEBLEY's Defence. He carried the game on long before I knew him; he knew three or four more lads, and never came out of the shop without his pocket full of copper.
CORNWELL's Defence. I met him on Saturday - he asked me to come down, and said he would give us anything.
SAWYER'S Defence. He told us to come at half-past six o'clock; we waited opposite the shop, and he called us; he called me out of bed one night, and gave me some ham; every morning he used to bring out halfpence, and give to us to change at the shop for silver.
WEBLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CORNWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAWYER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
