





Middlesex Cases, Second Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
798. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, a watch, value 30 s.; a seal, value 3 s.; a ring, value 1 s,, and a key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Huffnell
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUFFNELL
               



            . I am in the second battallion of guards
 - I was quartered in Clare-market. On the 30th of April, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the Butcher's Arms, public-house, and went with her to a house in Bennett's-court, Drury-lane


 - directly we got into the room she made a sudden snatch at my watch, got it from my fob, and ran away. I endeavoured to find her, but could see nobody in the house; I found her between six and seven o'clock, at the Marquis of Granby, public-house, in Chandos-street - she came out, and went into a cook-shop; I got a constable to take her. In trying to open her hand, I saw a piece of paper like a duplicate, and some coin - she immediately put them into her mouth, and swallowed them. When she rose to come away, a small gold ring fell from her lap, which had been attached to my watch at the time I lost it.
Prisoner. Q. Were you in liquor - A. No. I had not drank with any woman. She was rather in liquor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a constable. On the evening of the 30th of April, I apprehended the prisoner at a cook-shop in Chandos-street; she would not come out of the box. A man who was with her escaped. I saw her put some paper into her mouth, and tried to get it out; but was obliged to let go, or she would have been choked. Something fell from her; she kept rubbing her feet on the floor, and found the ring under her feet. She spit a piece of paper out of her mouth, and said,
"There, now you may do as you like."
(Ring produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
