





2114. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MESSRS. BRODRICK and PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an upholsterer. I went to Mr. Hopkins' shop, No. 60, Shoreditch, between the 5th and 11th of July - I cannot tell the day - the prisoner attended to me there; I bought of him four pieces of chintz, and ninety yards of bordcring; I had selected them nearly a week before, in his presence, and under his direction; I told him to lay them by for me, and when I went again he produced them; I asked him for a piece of striped chintz; he got the key, and went up stairs at No. 62, which also belongs to Mr. Hopkins; I there chose one piece, and brought it down; I was to give 18s. for it; he made me out this bill (looking at it) - it is in pencil, but the same writing is on it as when he gave it to me; he made out no other bill that I saw - the three pieces of chintz were 1l. each, and the fourth 18s.; I bought a piece of brown holland for 25s., being 6l. 3s. together; I paid him six sovereigns and three shilliags; these remnants are part of the chintz; I afterwards went there again to purchase more of the same; I did not see Mr. Hopkins, but in consequence of my going there again he came to my house, and I showed him the bill.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Have you any receipt? A. No; I swear this did not happen before the 1st of July - there is no date on the bill; my attention was not called to it before September; I did not at first recollect when it was, till I looked at some documents - here is one of them - it is a bill which I sent with some goods - it is dated the 9th of July, and is for a couch, which I covered with some of the chintz; I swear the purchase was before the 1st of July, without referring to any thing - the couch was made all but the chintz.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you certain it was after the 1st of July? A. I have no doubt of it whatever.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPKINS
               




            . I am a linen-draper
, and live at Nos. 60 and 62, Shoreditch


. The prisoner was in my service about fourteen months; I discharged him in August, as I took stock then, and found a deficiency of about 500l. - it was his business to attend in the shop, and sell goods; we have private marks on the goods to denote the price; when he sells goods, it is his duty to make out a bill, and give it to the next young man to sign with a letter - each shopman has a letter to describe him - the prisoner's letter was P; he was also to make out a cheque, and take to the desk to deliver with the money to the cashier, who receives the money, enters it in a book, and files the cheque; the prisoner also had a small book, in which he should enter the cheque - he left his cheque-book with me when he went away in August. In consequence of information from Jones I examined his cheque-book from the 5th to the 11th of July - here are entries, but none of 6l. 3s.; the bill produced is his hand-writing - there is no letter on it to denote its having been examined by another; I have my cash-book, which is balanced every night by the cashier; the shopmen then call over their own books, and if that differs from the cash-book, reference is made to the cheque file; there was no mistake of 6l. 3s. at this time; Jones produced some chintz to me - I saw the mark on it - the three pieces should have been sold for 35s. each - they cost me 31s.; the striped chintz should have been 37s. 4d. a piece - he bought them at three guineas less than the original cost.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You keep several men? A. Yes; each man has his own department; as soon as they write a cheque they take it with the money to the desk; they always take them singly, not five or six together.
COURT. Q. If another customer comes in and takes his attention, may he not sell again, and make another cheque? A. No; he puts down the amount immediately, and goes to the desk with it - I never knew such a thing happen; the desk is not six yards off - I never knew a cheque dropped; one transaction is always settled first.


                  ROBERT 
                  RALSTON LEE
               



            . I was a cashier to Mr. Hopkins, in the first week of July - I continued there all the time, except at meal times, when the other cashier takes my place - I did not receive 6l. 3s. that week; here is the cash-book; there is no such entry - I have examined the prisoner's private cheque-book; no such entry is there; it was his duty to enter it there, and bring it to me directly - Burton attended the books the second week in July.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you often found more money in the till of an evening, than has been entered? A. There has been 2s. or 3s. - I never had two cheques brought to me at once - I did not say so at the office.

Q. Has not a sum, purporting to be one man's, been paid by another? A. It has happened.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is the highest amount that has been over in the till? A. Two or three shillings; it is impossible a mistake of 6l. 3s. could be made.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERT BURTON
               



            . I was assistant cashier; when Lee went to meals, on the first week in July, I took his place - I did not receive 6l. 3s. from the prisoner - I attended the second week as cashier, and did not receive it then - I have examined the books; there is no such entry, nor is there in his private book.
Cross-examined. Q. You have many hundred cheques in the course of a day? A. Yes.
WILLIAM JONES. I bought the goods between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence. If any mistake has happened, it has been in the hurry of business.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
