






798. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  HOLLAND
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHLEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 7 yards of silk, value 7s., and 7 yards of ribbon, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Nevill
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  MUSTON
               



            . I am shop-woman to Mr. William Nevill, who lives at Brunswick-house, Mile-end-road


. On the 9th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, a lady came in for half a yard of silk, which I cut off, and placed the remainder in the window, which was broken, but there was the lid of a box placed against it, with a roller to keep it steady. I went on the other side of the shop, to serve two women, and in ten minutes I heard a noise at the window, as if it was being cut - being alone in the shop I called the young man, who ran out; I went round, and missed this seven yards of black silk, but not the ribbon, although it was taken - a person could reach it after pushing the lid aside. The officer brought the prisoners to the house the next morning, with it. I had not notices them about.


                  JOHN 
                  McWILLIAMS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty on the 9th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, in High-street Whitechapel, where I stopped the two prisoners - I took them into a public-house, and on Ashley I found this seven yards of silk, and Holland threw down this seven yards of ribbon - they told us they had found it under a gas-lamp, at the back of the London Hospital, which is about half a mile from the shop - the silk was rumpled up, under his coat, not in any paper - the streets were dirty, but there was neither dirt nor dust on the property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWSOME
               



            . I was present when the prisoners were stopped - Holland dropped the ribbon behind him when I was going to search him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOLLAND'S Defence. I picked it up at the back of the London Hospital, in a blue handkerchief, which I have here.
ASHLEY'S Defence. I was with this lad, and picked the property up - two young men, who were larking before us, dropped it.
J. McWILLIAMS. They did not state this before.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ASHLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
