





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
825. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HENSEL
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Fawcett
                     



                  , on the 4th of February
, and stealing 1 bonnet, value 1l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 2 dresses, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 1l.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 2 shifts, value 10s.; 3 petticoats, value 10s.; 1 counterpane, value 6s., and 1 box, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Walker
               




            .
ELIZABETH WALKER. I am single
, and lodged in Homer-street; I moved from there to Mr. Fawcett's house, in Stafford-street


, (I forget his Christian name) on Monday, the 4th of February - it is not above five minutes walk from Homer-street. I employed, the prisoner to move some furniture and different things for me, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; and among the rest was a large chest; I gave him the chest to take to Stafford-street but did not see it there myself; I paid him for it at the lodgings in Homer-street - the chest contained different articles of wearing apparel belonging to me and my sister; the chest was found empty next morning, in a field near the house by the watchman; nothing else has been found - when I gave it him it contained a bonnet of mine, worth 1l., a pair of shoes, which had been worn but once and cost me 4s. 6d., two dresses worth 6s. each; a pair of stockings worth 1s., two shifts worth 5l., three petticoats worth 6s., one counterpane worth 6s.,; the chest was worth 2s. I went to Stafford-street soon after I paid him, and the box was gone.


                  LOUISA 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's sister. I saw the box after it was brought to Stafford-street; it was in our lodging there - I saw the prisoner put it off his shoulder in the room, and leave it there; I do not know how he got into the house afterwards - I locked the room daor after he left the box there, and left the key in the door - I lighted him down stairs, and shut the door after him; I did not go to the room again till my sister came; I returned with her and missed the box; I believe Fawcett's Christian name is Thomas.



                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I lodge at Fawcet's house; his Christian name is Thomas; neither he nor any of his family lodge in the house - it is all let out in lodgings; I recollect the evening that Walker came there; about nine o'clock that evening a man put his head in at my room door, and asked if my name was Anderson; that was not the prisoner - after that I saw the prisoner and another man in Walker's room; I went and spoke to them, as their noise disturbed my husband, who was ill: I went into the room - they were in the dark; there were two men in the room, but no light - I had a candle in my hand, and asked them who authorized them to move that chest - the prisoner was then helping it on the other man's shoulder; he (the prisoner) said the lady had made a mistake - that he was going to take that chest away and bring a bureau - he said he was the man who had moved the goods; the man who had the chest ran down stairs, saying "Come along, all is right - we will bring back the bureau," and both went down together - thanking me for lighting them down. Walker came very soon afterwards.
Prisoner. Since I have been here she has told my father she did not know what she was swearing about at the office, as her husband was in a dying state. Witness. I never saw his father; I told nobody any such thing.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer - I apprehended the prisoner on the 28th of February; I did not find the chest.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Yorkshire Stingo, where I get my living; I moved several things for these young women, and the last was this box; I delivered it there - the young woman went with me and saw me go out - I went to Homer-street and was paid; I went home directly, as I was expecting a place at Sir James Cochrane's; my father let me in - I went to bed, and I never had a coat on at all from that day to this; I always went in a sleeve waistcoat; when the officer brought me to the watch-house, he asked the watchman if I was the man; he said not, and told him not to come down to the office - another young woman came to the office and said I was not the man. Webster went and called after her, and said she was concerned in the robbery: another woman in the house can prove I was not there; she is not here; her name is Taylor.


                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am certain the prisoner is the man who was in the room, and he said he was the person who moved the goods.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
