





137. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  GILES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 bag, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, and 14 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lloyd
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN LLOYD. I am single, and am a butcher
 - I live at Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove, and serve a few customers with a tray on my shoulder. On the evening of the 27thof October, I met the prisoner about two doors beyond Upper Gloucester-street


 - she asked where I was going- I said, "Home;" she asked me to go with her, and I at last went with her to a by-part of a square, but we were disturbed twice - we then made an agreement, and I was going with her to another place, but as we went along, she slipped her arm from me, and ran away, saying she heard the watchman coming, and was afraid to meet him, as he had said that he would take her away, if he found her on his beat - I thought it strange she should go away on that frivolous excuse; I had before given her sixpence out of my purse, and returned it into my breeches pocket; when she was gone, I missed my purse, containing the money stated - I gave information to the watchman, who took her on the Sunday evening. I have known her by sight for some years, and her mother too, but I never spoke to her before - I had not been drinking; she had pattens on when she spoke to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRODD
               



            . I was serjeant of the night; I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor talking together under a lamp - I have known her by sight for a year and a half; in a short time after, I heard of the robbery; I saw the prisoner going round Dorset-square, taking off her shawl and bonnet to alter her appearance; she left her pattens, which were found the next morning by another man - I followed her to Quebec-street, where I lost her - I told the officer of it, and on Sunday evening she was taken - she said to me, "I will give you 1l. if you will not take me to the watch-house.


                  MILES 
                  JONES
               



            . I was crying half-past nine o'clock, and I saw the prosecutor with the prisoner; I saw no more for about ten minutes, when the prosecutor came and asked me if I had seen a tall slender young woman; I said I had not - he said he had been robbed, and I found the prisoner on the Sunday evening following.


                  JOHN 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am a watchman. I knew the girl by the description, and I saw her go into a public-house; I gave information, and she was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. They are all false-swearing people, and God will punish them for it; I never saw the man till I saw him at the office.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
