





928. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, one pair of spectacles, value 8 s., and one case, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Curtis
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CURTIS
               



            , ESQ. I live at the Old South Sea-House. Between two and three o'clock on the 11th or 12th of July I was very near the corner of Clement's-lane, Lombard-street


, I lost my spectacle case from my outside coat-pocket, they were safe three minutes before; I did not perceive them taken, but the witness said my pocket had been picked; the prisoner was stopped about one hundred yards off. I have never seen them since - it was a red case, and quite new.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. Might you not very easy have let them fall - A. It is possible. I had used them at a house in Clement's-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHES
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Morley
               



            , a Barrister, of Lincoln's Inn. I saw Mr. Curtis at the corner of Clement's-lane, the prisoner and two others were close by him in the lane, I perceived something red come from Mr. Curtis's pocket; it was taken by the prisoner or his companions - I saw it pass from one to the other. All three turned down Lombard-street, and Mr. Curtis crossed, I went to him, and told him that his pocket-book was taken, seeing it was something red; he felt, and missed his spectacles. I went after them, and laid hold of the prisoner, the other two went off. I saw the prisoner looking at what had been taken, which was in the hands of the other two. I told the prisoner he had been picking a gentleman's pocket, and by that time Mr. Curtis came up. I delivered him to Mr. Curtis, and went after the others, but lost them. I took the prisoner to the Mansion House.
Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner said he knew nothing about it - A. He did. I saw them speaking to him before and after the robbery, and all three walked away very leisurely. It was imposible for one not to know what the other was doing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing along on business and was as likely to be behind a thief as he might.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
