







134. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     CONNELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, part of a watch chain, value 2 l.; three seals, value 4 l.; one key, value 10 s., and one ring, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles George 
                           Ireland
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GEORGE IRELAND
               



            . On the 14th of November, between seven and eight in the evening, I was coming down Drury-lane


 towards Holborn - on getting to Charles-street I felt a strong grasp at my seals - I did not see them come up. I instantly turned in a direction for Charles-street, and perceived a stout man in dark clothes retreating from me. I called Stop thief! and called out Furzeman's name, knowing he was an officer. In a few seconds the man was stopped, it was Hall - he was taken to the watch-house. I lost three seals, a key, and part of my chain at the time I felt the grasp - Hall is the man who made the grasp - I never lost sight of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEES
               



            . I live in Drury-lane, and am a watch spring-maker. I stood at my door at eight o'clock on the 14th of November, I saw the prisoner going towards Queen-street, and saw the prosecutor coming along, and the prisoners close behind him. I am sure of their persons. At the corner of Charles-street, Hall made a snatch at his watch-chain - he put his hand behind him and gave it to Clark, and they all ran down Charles-street, one on the left and the other on the right. The gentleman called watch, and so did I. The watchman took Hall - he tried to get away, and the other two came up as if to see what was the matter - they came across and went down Charles-street - I did not interfere - I had seen them five or six times that night, which made me notice them.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. How far were you from Charles-street - A.About six doors - I was close behind them when they did it - I followed them - I saw 
               Clark
             the next night, and went for a watchman, but he was gone - I saw him in custody about a week after and swore to him.


                  JOHN 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I received information about Connell and Clark, and on the 20th I apprehended them.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. My beat is in Charles-street - I was calling eight o'clock and heard the cry of Stop thief! at the corner of Drury-lane - I turned round and saw Hall on the right hand side, coming from Drury-lane and stopped him. We struggled, and Mr. Ireland immediately came up, and said he was robbed of his chain and seals. I took him to the corner of Charles-street and called for help - another watchman came and we took him to the watch-house - nothing was found on him.


                  EDWARD 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I was going down Charles-street on the 15th November, about seven o'clock in the morning, and picked up three seals, a key, and a ring.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoners declared themselves innocent.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CONNELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
