





294. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HAWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, two sheets, value 14 s.; two tablecloths, value 12; one apron, value 1 s.; two shifts, value 5 s., and one petticoat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Rees 
                     Griffiths
                  




               
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Rees 
                  Griffiths
               



            , who is an oilman
, and lives in Paddington-street, Marylebone


. On the 29th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, these things hung in the yard at the back of the house to dry. The lines were cut down and the things taken.


                  JAMES 
                  FRANCE
               



            . On the 29th of December I saw the prisoner with another lad coming out of my house in Dorset-street - the prisoner's mother lives in my house. About three weeks before that, I lost a pair of sheets from the passage, since which I always watched him, and on the 29th of December, about eight o'clock, I heard him come. I ran up, and saw him and another boy with each a bundle - they ran out in great haste without shutting the door. I ran up the area steps, followed them, and when they got about fifty yards two girls ran from the other side of the street, and took the bundles from them; they then went on as fast as they could, and the girls crossed over. I overtook the girls, and took the bundles from them, as I suspected he had been robbing his mother who was not a home. I asked the girls what they had got there? They said it was nothing to me, and I had no business with it. The prisoner then came across, and said I had no business with them, for they were his and not mine, and he would go back and shew me that they were his; he said he would follow me home. I took them back, and found that it was wet linen, very much frozen, and with the pins sticking in them - they were torn off the line. Next morning the prosecutrix claimed them. The prisoner said he tied them up in two bundles because one would not hold them all.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked them up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
