





450. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COTTLE
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Sambrook
                     



                  , on the night of the 1st of February
, and stealing an umbrella, value 20 s., his property; an umbrella, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Robinson
                     



                  ; and an umbrella, value 18 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Vivash
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  AMBROSE
               



            . I am assistant to Miss Sambrook, a straw-bonnet maker, who lives with her brother, Thomas Sambrook, in Warwick-street, Golden-square


. These umbrellas were put in the shop against a chair to drain. I sat in the back parlour about half-past six o'clock on the 1st of February. I heard the lock of the door slip back, the door opened, and I saw the prisoner enter, lean over the chair, and take them. He ran out - I called Stop thief! - ran after him, and about twenty yards from the door, when I was close behind him, I saw him drop them - he was taken directly, but not in my sight. A man picked them up, and gave them to me - one belongs to Thomas Sambrook, one to George Robinson, and the other to Charles Vivash. There were three lamps in the shop, I saw him plainly.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Miss Sambrook lives in the house? A. Yes; I believe she pays part of the rent. I did not notice his dress - it is possible that I may be mistaken.


                  CHARLES 
                  WAKE
               



            . I am a dyer. I was in Glasshouse-yard - heard a cry of Stop thief! saw the prisoner running, and stopped him.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was passing, heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running, with two umbrellas in his hand. I crossed over, he dropped them, I took them up, and saw him stopped, without losing sight of him - he ran about twenty yards.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he run round any corner? A. No. I only stooped for them, and immediately followed him - there might be twenty persons round - I kept my eye on him when I stooped.

J. V. BUCKLAND
            . I am an officer, and took him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 21. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
