





1013. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, one silver watch, value 20 s.; one seal, value 1 s., and one key, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HUXTABLE
               



            . On the 12th of June, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I apprehended the prisoner at the Green Dragon, Stepney, and charged him with stealing a watch from 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Thomas
               



            , who is chief mate of the ship Waterloo
; he has sailed. I did not find it on him.


                  HENRY 
                  WICKHAM
               



            . I am a boot and shoe maker, and live in White Horse-street, Stepney, On the 12th of June, about twelve o'clock at night, I was standing in Stepney fair


, by 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Thomas
               



            , who was mate of the Waterloo. I saw the prisoner come up, and saw his hand come from Thomas's fob, with the watch in it; he immediately called out,
"I have lost my watch," and collared the prisoner with it; I heard the seals rattle as he passed it to somebody, a scuffle ensued; I drew back, and followed the prisoner and prosecutor to the Green Dragon, where he gave him in charge; he appeared in liquor, and his clothes were much torn. Thomas went before the Magistrate.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I saw a man put his hand across Thomas's breast, and the prisoner draw the watch from his fob. Thomas collared him, and took him to the Green Dragon. He handed the watch to another man.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not found on me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
