





1729. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 2 razors, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               




            .
JOHN SMITH. I live at No. 12, Hindon-street


. On the 11th of July, I employed a bricklayer to set a copper for me; the prisoner was his labourer
 - on the Sunday following, I missed two razors which I had used about ten minutes before the prisoner came on the 11th; they were in a case on a shelf in my kitchen, near the copper - I saw them at the office, and knew them.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  NAYLOR
               



            . I live servant at the Castle public-house. On the Friday, between twelve and one o'clock, the prisoner brought these razors to me, and asked if I would buy them; I said, "What do you want for them"- he said, 1s.; I said, if he had asked but 4d. I could not have bought them, as I had no money.


                  JAMES 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am constable of Queen-square. On the 14th July I was called to take the prisoner; I searched him, but he had no razors on him - he was remanded till the 21st., but in consequence of what I had heard, I said to him, "Turner, you have these razors about you;" he said, he had not - but I found them in his boot.
Prisoner's Defence. There were other labourers there, and the door was open; I did offer the razors to Naylor, but I had bought them - I put them into my boot for fear I should lose them; I had been near the Castle in Broadway, Westminster, and a man came and asked me if I could tell him where he could sell them - he said, he wanted 1s. for them; I gave the 1s., and then I sold them again for 1s. - the person I sold them to, gave them back to me to produce at my examination.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
