





1764. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 4 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Picknell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PICKNELL
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Featherstone's, in St. George's in the East


; the prisoner slept in the same bed for eight days - he was there before me. On the morning of the 8th of September I employed him to take my chest down to the Hull packet - it was locked, and I had the key of it; I took a bag, and another young man took a hammock - I opened my chest to get the money to pay the prisoner, and this money and the waistcoat were gone; the prisoner seemed quite unconcerned, and pressed me to go back and see if it was there - I went home and told the landlord - he seemed quite surprised; when I got back to the packet, the prisoner was gone - I did not see him again till eight o'clock in the evening, in Jewin-street, at the sign of the Woolpack; he had the waistcoat on, and 19s. 2d. in his hat - he said he had bought the waistcoat, with the other things he had on; I am certain it is mine - it has two gores under the arms to make it larger.
Prisoner. Q. When had you these pieces put in? A. The beginning of this summer - I had not worn it above three times; they were put in at Sunderland.


                  JOHN 
                  COVERLY
               



            . I am landlord of the Woolpack. The prisoner came to my house on the 8th of September, about nine o'clock in the morning - he gave me a bundle to take care of; he came again in the evening - I gave the bundle to Repton.


                  ANTHONY 
                  REPTON
               



            . I am an officer. I have the bundle, which Coverly gave me, and the waistcoat which the prisoner had on; the prosecutor described the pieces in the waistcoat before I took it off - these other things, which were in the bundle, appear to be new.


                  JAMES 
                  PICKNELL
               



            . I went to the docks about seven o'clock - my chest was locked, and the key was in my hat by the side of the bed; I had seen the money safe the night before - the prisoner saw me put my clothes away, and take the money out.
Prisoner. There were eight other men in the room Witness. No, there were three or four.
Prisoner's Defence. Another young man slept in the same bed with us - there were three beds in the room, and three slept in each; in the morning he asked me to lend him a hand - we went down to the Dock, and he missed his money; I told him he had better go back and see if he had left it - I then went to a ship going to the Swan River, but it was not going off then; I went to my father, and then to Jewin-street, where I was taken in the evening.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
