






1558. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, four shillings and two sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Curry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CURRY
               



            . I live at Mr. White's, in Nightingale-lane. On Saturday night, the 19th of October, I saw Murphy at the Bull's-head, Ratcliffe-highway; I gave her some beer, and went home with her to Shadwell


; I agreed to give her two shillings; I had four shillings and two sixpences in my pocket. Soon after I got to bed, I heard a scratching at the door - I said there is some body at the door - she said No, it is at the next house; she got up, I laid hold of her, and asked where she was going; she lifted the window up, and a man came in, and said,
"What are you doing with my wife? you scoundrel, I have a good mind to take your life;" he caught hold of me, tore my shirt, and ill used me; he knocked me down; I said
"Spare my life, I'll go away without my clothes." He said,
"No, put on your clothes." I did so; and Murphy said, if I would send for some gin, it would be all made up; I gave her sixpence; she sent for the gin, which was drank; she then said, I had better make the best of my way off as fast as I could, and the moment I got out I missed my money. I went to the watchman, and told him of it; he got two more watchmen; wewent to the house, but could not get in for some time. The watchman took Smith to the watch-house; a button was found on him, which I can swear to, (looking at it,) this button was in my pocket with the money - the money was found, I could not swear to that, but the amount is right.
Prisoner SMITH. Q. Did I come in at the window, or was the door opened to me - A. At the window. I sat and drank with him because I could not get out. I did not threaten the woman with a knife; there was no cry of murder; she was not screaming for help.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am the patrol. About four o'clock this morning, Curry came to me, and said he was robbed. I went with him to the house, and found the prisoners in bed. They got up and came to the door half dressed; both denied the charge, and soon after some person said,
"Why did not you brush?" he said
"So I would if I had the keys." As I was taking him to the watch-house, Smith offered me what money he had to let him go, or speak in his favour. The woman said the prosecutor had pinched and ill treated her before Smith came, but said nothing about a knife.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper; between four and five o'clock, the prisoners were brought to the watch-house. On Murphy I found four shillings and two sixpences, and a button; she said the prosecutor had behaved very ill to her, and pinched her, but there were no marks of violence on her arm. Nothing was said about the knife till the patrol said Smith had offered him all the money he had. He then said he had threatened the woman with a knife; Smith did not deny offering the money.
MURPHY'S Defence. I had three shillings besides what he gave me, having pawned my shawl that night; as to the button it belongs to a young man in the East Indies; I have three or four of them. He behaved so ill to me I could not stop with him; he said he would knife me, or any one who came to my assistance; I called for help, unfastened the door, and this young man came in, and said,
"You cannot be a man to take a knife to a woman." On the Monday he went to a relation of mine, and said he had lost 5 s. and if she gave him 7 s. he would not appear; she gave him 5 s.
SMITH'S Defence. I heard the alarm, and was let in at the door by the woman, who was calling murder.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



             re-examined. He said Smith came in at the window, and a sailor said in Smith's presence, that he saw him go in at the window, and that he had been robbed the same way in the house that night.


                  ELIZA 
                  WILMOTT
               



            . I live in this house, and between eleven and twelve o'clock, I heard the prosecutor say he had but two shillings, and would give it to the girl; that he had no more money, and when he got paid, he would satisfy her. I live over head. The prosecutor was about an hour in the house; I fell asleep and was awoke by a great noise, of his saying he would stick the girl with a knife, if she did not consent; there was a cry of murder; he said he would stick any person who came in. Smith went in directly the cry was made about the knife.
Q. Did you say any thing about the knife before the magistrate - A. I was not asked; they would not let me speak; the noise was about half past twelve o'clock; as near as I can guess.


                  ELLENOR 
                  MURPHY
               



            . On Saturday week, about eleven o'clock, the prosecutor came to me and asked if I was not the prisoner's sister; he said if he got his money, he wished no more. I said it was hard for me to pay it, but sooner than she should stop in trouble I would; I sent a person out to pawn something, and paid him; he said if he did not have 7 s. it would not do; he went to the top of the street, returned, and took the 5 s.; I told Summers who took it from him, and returned to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . The prosecutor informed me a woman had been after him, and gave him 5 s. I said he had done wrong, and made him return it. I heard Wilmott examined before the Magistrate; she said nothing about the knife. Smith interrupted her and said it was all lies she was saying, and she was turned out.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Common Sergeant.
