






1208. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th of August
, the sum of 1 l. 7 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chalkley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CHALKLEY
               



            . I am a carman
, and live in Rose-street. On Sunday morning, the 11th of August, at 2 o'clock, I was in Back Church-lane, Whitechapel


, returning from a supper which master gave us: I was not at all in liquor. I stopped against a wall for a necessary purpose; the prisoners surrounded me, and one of them drew my purse out of my pocket; I did not feel them do it, but Sullivan pulled me round, and Bryan put her hand to my breeches pocket; they went on about six yards, I then missed my purse, which contained 27 s. I had my hand in my pocket when I stopped, it was safe then; I followed them and stopped Bryan - Sullivanwas before her; they denied it. I have not found it. They were both taken immediately without going out of my sight. It contained a sovereign, three half crowns, and some silver.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKET
               



            . I am constable of Whitechapel. Between two and three o'clock in the morning, the prisoners were given in my charge at the watch-house by the watchman; the prosecutor said he had lost a sovereign, three half-crowns, and some other silver amounting to 1 l. 16 s. I found a sovereign, three half-crowns, 1 s. 6 d. and 13 d. in copper, on Sullivan; she said she took the sovereign of a captain at Blackwall-stairs for cherries. Bryan said, "If you have got the money and know it is the man's why not give it him." I only found 2 1/2 d. on her. I locked them up. Bryan then said she took the money from the man and gave it to Sullivan; she called to me on purpose to tell me.
BRYAN'S Defence. I picked it up.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I was not near him.
BRYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
