





481. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hodges
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HODGES
               



            . On the 23d of December I bought a coat in Covent-garden, at a sale; I tied it up, and sent my boy home with it in a truck, while I went another way - when I came home I heard it was stolen; I have not seen it since.


                  ROBERT 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am in Hodge's employ. I had this coat in a truck, to take to No. 39, Old-street. I was coming out of Cow-lane - the prisoner and another lad followed me, and both pushed behind the truck; I put it down, and thanked them, but wished them to go away; they said they were going further, and would push on. When I got to the pig-market I saw the other running with the bundle, and the prisoner just after him, about three yards from the truck; I ran and collared him - he knocked me down, but I still followed, and had him taken.


                  HUGH 
                  DEVELIN
               



            . I was in Bartholomew-close, saw the prisoner running, and Burke just after him; he caught hold of him - the prisoner knocked him down, and struck him when he was on the ground; I went up, and struck him with a cane, and said, "What, are you going to kill the boy?" as soon as Burke could recover he said he had been robbed - I secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran; a man said, "There goes the man," and he took me, but I was not with the other.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
