





1202. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of September
, fifty pounds of lead, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     

                              Richard 
                              Thomas
                           



                         the elder



                   and 
                     

                              Richard 
                              Thomas
                           



                         the younger



                  , and fixed to their dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to be fixed to building of theirs.


                  JOHN 
                  FOX
               



            . I am a watchman. On Monday, the 10th of September, at half past one o'clock at night I was on duty in Leicester-place, and met the prisoner carrying this lead tied in an old apron and an old handkerchief. I asked what he had there. He said a parcel which a gentleman gave him sixpence to carry for him to a coffee shop in Crown-street, Soho. I said, "I must take it and you to the watch-house." - He said the gentleman was coming behind. I said I would leave word with the rest of the watchman to tell him where he was gone. Next day I took the lead to Mr. Woods, it tallied and fitted with two pieces the plumber shewed me.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            , JUN. I live in the Strand


, in the parish of St. Martin's


. My father's name is Richard; he does not live there, but we are both proprietors. On Monday morning, the 10th of September, about half past six o'clock, I was looking out of window, and found a considerable quantity of lead cut away from the back of the premises; about two hundred weight was rolled up, and the rest taken away. It was safe the night before between six and eight o'clock; it was the covering of an out-building. I sent to 
               Wood
             the plumber to repair it; he took it all away, and that which was not cut off. I went to St. Ann's watch-house, and saw the lead found on the prisoner - compared with it, they tallied.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . I am a plumber. I took the lead from Mr. Thomas's roof, and on Tuesday morning the officer brought some more. I compared them, they corresponded exactly in every part. I have no doubt of its being part of the same - it is both cut and torn.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodge with my mother in Somer's-town. I was out late - a man came up and said, if I would carry it to a shop in Wardour-street he would pay me - I never offered to run away when the watchman stopt me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
