






London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
406. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CRAFT
                  




               
             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hunter
                        



                     
                  , about four o'clock in the night of the 30th of January
, and stealing a great coat, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Blakesley
                        



                     
                  , a shawl, value 2 s.; an apron, value 6 d., and a pair of laced boots, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Stevens
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I keep the Hole in the Wall public-house, St. Dunstan's-court, Fleet-street




. On the 30th of January, I went to bed at twelve o'clock; all the doors and windows were fast. The kitchen is divided from the house by a narrow court, and does not communicate with the dwelling-house, but is part of another house. I was alarmed about four o'clock in the morning, and found the lock of the kitchen door broken to pieces, and my boy's (
               
                  William 
                  Blakesley
               



            ) great coat spread open on the kitchen floor, and Steven's property laid by the side of it - the drawers were all open. I found the prisoners at the watch-house, with a crow-bar, which fitted the impressions made on the kitchen door, and some marks which were made on the wine-cellar flap.


                  JANE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Hunter. I locked the kitchen up, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, and put the keys in the bar; my boots and apron were then in the drawer, and the shawl hung on a nail by Blakesley's coat.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 30th of January, at four o'clock in the morning, I was going round my beat, and saw the prisoners coming out of St. Dunstan's-court - they made a stand at the end of the court, to see which way I was coming. I went up towards the court, and they walked on, still looking back, and when I came to the court, I pushed Hunter's kitchen door, and found it open - I shut it, and followed them towards Fetter-lane, and by Crane-court, I met Davis - they had just turned down Fetter-lane. I sent him down the lane, and I went up Fleur-de-lis-court to meet them, and caught Craft as he was running - Davis laid hold of Williams. I am certain of their persons - we took them to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. Are you certain of them - A. I am, I took particular notice of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Ward gave me information. I went up Fetter-lane, and Williams seeing me following them made a stoop as if to do something to his shoe. I crossed towards him, and he ran down Fleur-de-lis-court - I secured him, and Ward took Craft at the same time; nobody else was near - they were searched at the watch-house, and a bundle of bladders found on Williams.
Cross-examined. Q. Bladders are used to carry spirits in - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANNINGTON
               



            . I am watch-house keeper, and received them in charge. I found a crow-bar upon Craft, and some bladders; a phosphorus box and matches on Williams. I took the crow-bar to Hunter's - it fitted the impressions made on the door, and the marks on the cellar flap.
WILLIAM'S Defence. I work at Covent Garden. I was coming from Ratcliff, and found the bladders by Fleet-market. I stopped in this court for a necessary purpose, then went up Fetter-lane, and the watchman came and took me. I went up the lane, because I thought the watchman would take me for running against a girl.
WILLIAMS - GUILTY. Aged 19.
CRAFT - GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
