






THIRTEENTH DAY, THURSDAY, APRIL 26.
682. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NEWLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, certain fixtures (i. e.) forty-eight panes of glass, value 5 l. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Cohen
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, Not stating them to be fixtures.
STEVENSON 


               pleaded Guilty
            . Aged 29.


                  MARK 
                  COHEN
               



            . I am a paper-stainer
, and live in Devonshire-street, Commercial-road. On Sunday evening the 15th of April, about half past seven o'clock, the watchman came and enquired if I had moved any sashes from my new house; I went round with him to the house, and at the beginning of the street I looked up to the house, and saw the prisoner Newland in the act of taking a sash out of the first floor window of my house; on looking at the other window of the room, I saw Stevenson taking the sash out of that window - I saw them actually doing it; the watchman said,
"They are now in the house." He ran round to the back of the house - nobody lives in it - it is just finished: I unlocked the door; the watchman said I had better wait outside. I ran out and saw Stevenson attempt to jump out of the window; the watchman went up and took them both in custody in the room. I examined the back door, and found a bolt wrenched off: I had seen the windows safe in the morning. We found a chisel and a bag there.


                  JOHN 
                  CLOVER
               



            . I am the watchman. I assisted the last witness in taking the prisoners. I found Dornain had them in custody. I found six squares of glass in a bag they had been taken out of one of the sashes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DORNAIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in taking the prisoners in the back room first floor of Cohen's empty house; they said nothing. I found a chisel in the room covered with putty.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
NEWLAND'S Defence. Stevenson came into the Red Lion and drank with me, and said he would give me 2 s. to carry his tools; I went with him, but touched nothing.
NEWLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.





               Both transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Arabin.
