





110. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 7s., and 2 waistcoats, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John William 
                  Richardson
               




            .
JOHN WILLIAM RICHARDSON. I live at No. 20, Southampton-crescent, Euston-square


. On the 23d of October, at half-past six o'clock, I left this property safe in my drawer - my sister came to me about half-past eleven o'clock, and gave me information; I came home, and missed my property - I found it in eight or ten days; this property is mine - the waistcoat had a mark of S. M. on the back, but it is not here now. After the prisoner was in custody somebody brought the coat to my house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were your trousers lined? A. No, but they are new. I have no private mark on them, but am certain of them.


                  ANN 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's mother. -The prisoner looked at some lodgings which we had to let, on the 20th, and came on Tuesday, the 24th, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning; he left, and returned in half an hour, with a bundle, went up-stairs, and I heard him go out in about ten minutes. I then went up-stairs, and found some straw in the front room, into which I had taken him: there was none there then. In about an hour I missed these articles - my son wore them the night before; he did not return to the lodging, but I found him at Hatton-garden on the Thursday week - I believe him to the same man.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him on the 20th? A. No; I will not swear to him.


                  SARAH 
                  MARTHA RICHARDSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister. The prisoner came to our house on Tuesday - I let him in - he went up-stairs; I did not notice his bundle. I saw him again in Charlton-street on the 2d of November, and followed him to No. 20, Edward-street - I told the constable, who took him, and produced this property at Hatton-garden.
Cross-examined. Q. Your mother had a better oppertunity of seeing him than you? A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . I went to No. 20, Edward-street, and took the prisoner in the parlour. I found this waistcoat on his person at the office - he had the prosecutor's trousers on at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I took these trousers off the prisoner, in the prison, on the 2d of November.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
