







1295. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  GRIFFITH
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DOW
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CALLAGHAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 7s., and 1 watch-key, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Patrick
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM PATRICK. On the 15th of June, about one o'clock in the morning I was attacked in Smithfield


 - the prisoner, Griffith, came along side of me, and made a snatch at my chain and seals; he broke the bottom ring, which is attached to the swivel of my watch, and left the watch in the fob - as soon as he caught hold of it, I caught him, and held him till the watchman came up - he threw it down - it was found a minute or two afterwards - Griffith resisted very much at first - I did not see the other two prisoners, but I heard them soon afterwards; they made their way through the pens.
Prisoner GRIFFITH. This man was very much intoxicated, and had five or six women around him. - Witness. I was quite sober, and able to take care of any thing; there were plenty of women going about, but none with me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EVESON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Smithfield, about five minutes before one o'clock, on this morning; the prosecutor passed me, and said "Good night;" he had his watch chain hanging out of his pocket then; when he had got by, about ten yards, Griffith and Callaghan came by together; Callaghan said, "I think we shall have a good draw to-night;" Dow was just before them; I followed them, and when they got to the Rose-inn. Griffith went in front of the prosecutor - I did not see him take any thing; I saw the prosecutor take hold of him, and he said, "Watchman, this man has got my watch and chain;" I took hold of him, and saw the others holding their hands as if to take it - I called to Clark to take Dow, which he did as soon as he came out of the pens - Callaghan then came up; I told him to keep off, or else he would get into trouble - he went, and came up again with a short stick, about as thick as my wrist; I then said, "I will take you;" he put out his foot to try to throw me, but could not - he then struck me on the head - I had a silk hat on, which was cut, but it warded off the blows - he then ran off, and a gentleman tried to stop him; he struck at him, and knocked him down; I pursued him with the rattle, some other gentleman attempted to stop him; he nearly knocked him down, but he stopped him; I came up and took him; I found the chain and seals the next morning close by the spot; the prosecutor was not drunk; there were some girls there, but it is my opinion they were not with him.
Prisoner CALLAGHAN. When he was at the watch-house, he said he would speak truth on both sides; and the prosecutor said it was me. Witness. No; he did not; Callaghan threatened to stab me with a knife.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAM CLARK
               



            . I was in Smithfield. I heard the call, and went up to the place; Eveson told me to take hold of Dow; I went round to take him, and he ran into the pens; I attempted to run after him and fell, but I got up, and he ran toward King-street; when he found I gained ground upon him - he turned, and I took him, near the Bull's-head public-house; I think the prosecutor might have been drinking a little, but he was perfectly sensible.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the rattle, and ran up from Hosier-lane - I saw Callaghan down, and another person with him; I went to the Rose public-house, and took Griffith from the prosecutor; he was rather resolute, and another watchman assisted me.


                  JOHN 
                  HUMPHRYS
               



            . I live at the Three Tuns public-house, Smithfield. I was going home and heard the rattle; I heard the cry, and saw Callaghan running - I went over to him, and he struck at me with a stick; I warded off the blow, and knocked him down; he made use of bad language, and said he would finish me - I kept him till the watchman came up.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the three prisoners, on the 15th of June, at half-past twelve o'clock, coming up toward Smithfield, as if to go up to the bars; I then heard the rattle and went up, and saw Dow trying to dodge Clark, who took him to the watch-house; we went about three o'clock, and found the seals.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS HANNINGTON
               



            . I was watch-housekeeper. Those three prisoners were brought to the watch-house on the 15th of June - I searched then and found nothing but half-a-crown and a halfpenny on Callaghan; I afterwards got the seal and chain, which the prosecutor claims; he did not appear to be drunk; I understood he had been to the Leicester Committee, at the Three Cups public-house; he had been drinking, but I believe knew what he was about; Callaghan, when brought to the watch-house, conducted himself in a very insolent way.
Dow's Defence. I was going across the market, and went to see what was the matter; and one watchman told the other to lay hold of me.
CALLAGHAN'S Defence. I had been to Sadler's Wells; I was a mob, and went up, and saw the watchman have hold of Griffith; he then pushed me away - I struck him and ran away; I had not been with the others.
GRIFFITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
CALLAGHAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
