






1411. 
               
                  
                     LUKE 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, one ring, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Marshall
                  




               
            .


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  KING
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Marshall
               



            , jeweller
, of Cannon-street, St. George's in the East


. On the 6th of September, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning. Higgins came in and asked if I had a pin about to sell him for 1 s., I said, No; and he went away. Intwo hours I was looking for a broach which was missing, and both the prisoners came in and wanted a pin again. I shewed them some; we did not agree; they were about ten minutes in the shop, and then went away. I missed a wedding ring which lay on the counter, by the glass case; I immediately went after them, overtook them about a hundred yards off, and asked, If they had not taken something which did not belong to them; they said, No; I might search them. I took them back, searched, and found nothing on them; they were going out of the shop, when I thought Higgins did not speak plain; and said,
"Let me look in your mouth." and just at that moment I saw Hunt drop the ring by his side; they stood close together, but it fell from Hunt.
HUNT'S Defence. I met this boy, who asked me to go on an errand with him; I did not know where he was going, he went into the jeweller's, and shewed me a ring; I looked at it, and gave it him again.
HIGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
HUNT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
