






583. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March

, one watch, value 5 l.; three seals, value 30 s., and one key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lewis
                     



                  , from his person
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SHEARMAN
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to he stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live at Chiswick. On Saturday, the 31st of March, I lived at No. 22, Hill-street, Berkley-square, in Mr. Pain's service. I had been to Portman-square, a few minutes after nine o'clock at night, and as I returned down Orchard-street



, just before I came to Somerset-street, I met the prisoner - he was alone; just as I came within a yard of him, he made a bolt at me, ran his breast against mine, which staggered me - I saw my watch going from me, nobody was near enough to take it but the prisoner - my wife was with me. It was a silver hunting watch, I gave seven guineas for it, it is worth 5 l. I had three gold seals worth 1 l., and a gold key. I followed in an instant, he turned down Calmell-buildings, and got to the bottom; I saw a woman in the court - I saw his hand go towards her hand, and at the moment I was in the act of seizing him, we both fell. I got up and collared him, a watchman came up, and immediately as I collared him, the female prisoner came up, and said,
"what are you at? that is my husband, I have not left him ten minutes;" she was dressed the same, and was the same in appearance as the woman. I have never seen my watch since. It was not half a minute from the time I saw his hand touch the woman till I took him. I took Knight by the watchman's assistance, but the woman was not taken till Monday; she followed us to the watch-house, and was searched there that night.
Q. Did she follow you instantly - A. She got there nearly as soon as us, but which way she came I cannot say. On the Monday following, I had occasion to go to Portman-square, and met her - she stopped me herself; I was not aware that she was by me, she said,
"I beg your pardon, Sir - are you not the gentleman who lost the watch on Saturday night" - I said I was; she asked if I would persevere in prosecuting the prisoner, if I got the watch restored to me; I said I would make no proposals, till I saw the watch. She then asked where I lived - I told her; she said she would bring it me in half an hour, that she had got 14 s. of a person, and that would obtain it - she left me. I then went to the watch-house to tell them, and just as we got near the watch-house, Coates took her.
KNIGHT. Q. Did you not say I put my hand out to to the woman, at the time I was on the ground - A. I said, just in the act of falling, he put his hand out to her before he fell.


                  THOMAS 
                  KINDER
               



            . I am a plumber, painter and glazier. I was going down Orchard-street, about nine o'clock at night, on the 31st of March, and saw a man run against Lewis, and take his watch out of his fob. I saw the prisoner run away and go down Calmell-buildings to the bottom - Mr. Lewis stopped him; I saw a crowd come up - there was a woman there. I saw the prisoner put his hand behind his back - a woman was behind him. I cannot say who it was - not whether he parted with anything; the watchman came up and took him - I followed him to the watch-house; the female prisoner came to the watch-house - she said she was his wife.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable of the night; both the prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I searched, but found nothing on them - we let the woman go. On the Monday, she came to me again, and asked, if I thought the prosecutor would make it up, if she could get the watch, as she had heard, somebody had picked it up. I told her to get it; she came back without it, and said she could not find the person, but she would go again. I followed her to Gee's-court, and into Henrietta-street. I saw her stop with a man - I suspected something, and apprehended her.
KNIGHT'S Defence. I was coming up Orchard-street, and went into Calmell-buildings, to buy some tobacco, and as I returned, heard the cry of Stop thief! - somebody passed me. I ran in pursuit, and at the end of the court, fell over some rubbish - Lewis fell over me, said I was the thief, and took me; the young woman by me, went to the watch-house with us. Lewis said when I came here, I should be hung, and that greatly alarmed me; he said if the watch was brought forward, I should be discharged; so I sent this woman to enquire for it, that I might be saved from condign punishment - I gave her what money I had to get it.
JURY to COATES. Q. Did you find any tobacco on him - A. None.
SHEARMAN'S Defence. I met the prosecutor, and asked him to describe the watch, and told him Knight desired me to get it down the buildings.
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Life
            .
SHEARMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
