





415. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, three gowns, value 30 s; one pelisse, value 3 l.; one gown-body, value 10 s.; two caps, value 4 l.; one veil, value 10 s.; three pair of stockings, value 6 s.; two scarfs, value 2 l., and one spencer, value 10 s., the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Lee
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  MARY 
                  LEE
               



            . I live in Upper Eaton-street, Hanover-square


, and am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lee
               



            , he has not lived with me for eight years; the prisoner was my servant
, she lived five days with me. On the 19th of January, about twelve o'clock in the day, I went out, and left her in the house; some carpenters were at work - I returned about a quarter after one, and found she had left the house. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and gave information at Queen-square.


                  JANE 
                  MANNING
               



            . On the 9th of February I met the prisoner in the Park, but said nothing to her then. I saw her again in about an hour on Constitution-hill, and asked her if she knew who wanted her? she said,
"No, I don't know who wants me;" and I think she said,
"I don't care." She had on a black silk gown, answering the description of one Mrs. Lee lost. I told her Mrs. Lee wanted her, and I wished somebody was near that I could give her in charge. I asked two soldiers to take her, they said they would have nothing to do with it. I followed her, and asked a gentleman where I could find a constable? he said at the Palace gate - one came immediately, but before he could get a sight of her she had escaped. She once lived in the family where I do, and I had heard of the robbery.
RICHARD MONDAY. I am an officer. On the 14th of February a constable informed me that he had a prisoner at the watch-house - I went with him, and took the prisoner to a public-house opposite Queen-square office. I found a gown-body on her, which the prosecutrix claimed - she said she had pledged the pelisse, gown, and scarf at Kemble's, at Knightsbridge. I went, and found none had been sold or pledged there. She said she had sold the duplicate to a woman in Whitechapel, but she could not tell her name or residence.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENFORD
               



            . I am a constable of Knightsbridge. On the 14th of February I took the prisoner into custody.
MRS. LEE re-examined. The gown-body is mine.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
