





248. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ADAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, 1 tub, value 6d., and 50lbs. weight of butter, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Greives
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Greives
               



            .


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAUN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of January, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was under the Piazzas of Covent-garden


, and saw the prisoner and a companion take a tub of butter from the tail of a cart - the prisoner carried it, and I took him into custody - he put it down, and began to fight; his companion then came up, and began to strike me very hard on the head and face, and rescued him; I saw him run up James-street. I called Stop thief! and he was taken. I had him in charge in about five minutes afterwards; I knew him before.
Prisoner. Q. Where was I when you first took me? - A. Behind the tail of the cart - you dropped the butter and struck me - you ran up James-street, and I took you into custody in Hart-street, when another witness had got you.


                  JAMES 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, and live in James-street. I was standing in my shop, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running from the cry - I followed, and he was taken in Phoenix-alley; I came up with him, and was immediately surrounded by a gang - one of whom gave me a desperate blow on the head; the constable came up, and took charge of the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did the officer run with you to take me? A. No - my brother and myself followed you - you said you were in the King's Head public-house, and heard the cry of Stop thief! you came quietly till we came to the corner of Hart-street, where we were surrounded by a desperate gang - the officer came up there, and took you. I had you by the collar, and you bit my finger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITMALL
               



            . I am in the employ of Joseph and James Greives, cheesemongers

, who live near Covent-garden; I had the charge of their cart, in which was a tub, with 50lbs. of butter; I looked at the tail of my cart at the corner of James-street, and it was all right. I went on towards King-street, and missed it soon afterwards; I looked round, and saw it in the care of the officer.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a pint of porter at the King's Head - I then was walking under the Piazzas, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran down James-street into Feathers-court; I was there stopped by two persons, who said I was the thief; I said, "What do you mean? - I am in pursuit of the thief." I came with them quietly to the end of Hart-street, when the officer came up, and I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
