





1218. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, a purse, value 6 d.; a sovereign, a crown, a shilling, and two sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in High-street, St. Giles's, and am a hair-dresser
. On the 27th of August, about half past eleven o'clock at night, I was going home down Oxford-street - between Charles-street and High-street I was accosted by the prisoner - she asked me to go home with her - I desired her to leave me; she insisted upon walking with me; I stopped when I got to Bainbridge-street


; I stopped there that she might not know where I lived, being just at home. I desired her to leave me - she went off in a very abrupt manner, which rose my suspicion. I put my hand to my right hand trowsers pocket, and my purse, which contained a sovereign, a crown, and two shillings, was gone; it must have been taken while I stood endeavouring to get rid of her - I did not feel her hand in pocket - I stopped with her nowhere else. I followed her immediately - she was not above four or five paces off - she ran into a private house, the door of which stood open; I followed her up four or five stairs - did not like to go further, but returned to the door and called the watchman - two came in, and found her concealed at the top of the garret stairs; she said she supposed I only wanted my money, and it was down stairs; she had concealed it under the stairs at the bottom; we went down, and she shewed the watchman where it was; my money was still in it. I swear that I had no intention to have any thing to do with her.


                  EDWARD 
                  YARRANTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Watch! and found the prosecutor standing at the door, of No. 6, Bainbridge-street, which is not a bad house, but a lodging-house for labouring people. I went up and found the prisoner at the top of the stairs; he said that was the person who robbed him of his purse. She said he only wanted his property, and she would give it him. I found it under the stairs.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LOCKETT
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the purse found.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . It is my purse, and contains the money.
Prisoner's Defence I asked him for some drink, and parted with him; and at the corner of the street, I stopped down, and picked up the purse.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . It could not have fallen out of my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
