





1121. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  KENNEDY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 75 printed books, value 38s.; 1 map, value 2s. 4d.; 6 lithographic drawing-books, value 6s.; 6 sheets of lithographic prints, value 12s.; 42 copper-plates, value 29s., and 1 milled-board, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cole
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Newgate street. My porter took this property out in a truck - I found the prisoner in custody with it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Cole. I left the house with this property - I had to deliver four parcels at Dowgate wharf, and then take this one to Aldgate; it was safe at the bottom of Friday-street


, but in the passage leading to the wharf, I missed it on hearing an alarm, and found the prisoner in custody, and the parcel on the ground, between him and the officer.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On the 21st of June, about twelve o'clock, I saw Barnett at the corner of Old Change, with a truck; the prisoner stood there alone, and three others stood a short distance from him - they afterwards joined, and two went on each side of Cheapside - they followed the truck down Friday-street, and into Queenhithe; one of them several times attempted to take the parcel out - it went into Thames-street, and down Brick-hill-lane; the prisoner then buttoned up his coat, and when I got into the lane, I met him coming from the truck, with this parcel under his arm - one of the others were close to him; I laid hold of both - the prisoner kicked my shins, and tried to bite my hand, so I let go of the other and kept him; I called Stop thief! Barnett came up - he dropped the parcel and the other three ran away.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. There was a cry of Stop thief! a man ran by me, threw this down, and I happened to pick it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
