





1399. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PACE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 4 tea-spoons, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert Herbert 
                        Brightwell
                     



                  ; and 2 spoons, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Longe
               



            , since deceased.


                  THOMAS 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I was servant to Catherine Longe, who was a widow
, but is now dead: Robert Herbert Brightwell is landlord
 of the house where she lived, No. 16, Alfred-place


. On the morning of the 18th of June the bell rang, and I went up to answer it; I came down in about two minutes, and saw the prisoner in the kitchen; there had been no one there when I went up; I said,"What do you want?" he said he came to know if we had any shoes or boots to clean; I said No, and asked what else he came for: he said nothing; I said I would not let him go till I called some person; I went to the back of the door to ring a bell, which leads to the top of the house; the prisoner pushed the door too, but did not quite shut it - I opened the door, and saw these six spoons in his hand; they came down with the breakfast things in the two tea-trays, which stood about two yards from the door; I told him to give me the spoons, which he did - I took hold of him - he told me to let him go; I said I would not - he dragged me to the passage, and put his hand round my face - I bit his finger; the servant came down, and pushed us into the kitchen, and the constable was fetched.


                  JANE 
                  PERRY
               



            . I was servant at the house; I heard the noise, and came down; I pushed the prisoner and Nicholson into the kitchen; the prisoner asked me to let him go; I said I would not.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner - he said he did not steal the spoons, he came to inquire for work: he was very obstinate; I was forced to throw him on the floor to get the handcuffs on - I believe he got down the area; he must have got through three doorways.(Property produced and sworn to.)
THOMAS NICHOLSON re-examined. He had them in his hand; I did not see him take them from his pocket - he was near the table; I did not see him with them when I first came down, nor did I notice them in the trays.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
