





845. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 dress, value 20s.; 7 yards of silk, value 20s.; 2 cloaks, value 10s.; 5 caps, value 10s.; 2 petticoats, value 5s.; 4 plates, value 4s.; 1 dish, value 1s.; 2 spoons, value 4s.; 3 gowns, value 7s.; 8 cups, value 2s.; 8 saucers, value 2s.; 1 pelisse, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 1 row of beads, value 2s.; 1 apron, value 2s.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 pair of pockets, value 1s.; 1 image, value 6d.; 2 pieces of embroidered cloth, value 2l., and 4 pieces of bed furniture, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ralph
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PHILPOT
               



            . I produce some wearing-apparel which I got from the prosecutor, Mrs. Wilson, and the pawnbroker; I heard the prisoner say at Mrs. Ralph's,"Don't do it, you said you would forgive me;" she said,"If I do, you will do it again;" I said, "I don't do my business in that way."
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Do you know on what terms they were living? A. By what I have heard, I believe the prosecutor has encouraged her there against her father's wishes - I was directed to make inquiries about it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RALPH
               



            , I am a midwife. The prisoner lodged in my house, about June or July, for three weeks - she incurred a debt, and was to pay me when she could; the whole of this property is my husband's - his name is 
               
                  James 
                  Ralph
               



            ; we were married in 1823.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner's parents? A. When she had been with me about a fortnight, I found her parents, and sent her home - she has been at my house occasionally since I knew her parents, but never stopped; she came on the 5th of October and stopped two nights, because her father and mother would not take her in - I went to their house, and they positively refused it; I never gave her any encouragement, but always urged her to go to a situation, and said while she acted well I would always befriend her.
COURT. Q. What sort of a house is it? A. A very respectable house - it is but small; my landlady is here.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES. 
               



            I am a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl, pawned with me on the 24th of February, by the prisoner.


                  CAROLINE 
                  GLASGOW
               



            . I am a licensed hawker, and live in Goldsmith's-row. I bought this cloak and these snuffers of the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  WILSON
               



            . I remember the prisoner coming to the prosecutor's, about half-past four o'clock on the 19th of January; Mrs. Ralph was out - the prisoner staid three-quarters of an hour; I then desired her to go out of my house before I went out - she said, "I am going out," but whether she went out or not I do not know, but that night the robbery took place; I missed a great many things, but I cannot say what - the house was all in a muddle.
MRS. RALPH re-examined. Q. Was it on the 19th of January? A. Yes, it was; my box was broken open by force, with a large carving-fork; these articles are all mine, and a great many more were taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever been in the habit of sending the prisoner to pawn any thing? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
