





266. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  WEST
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES HORATIO SYDNEY 
                  FAREBROTHER
               



            . I am in partnership with my father, 
               
                  John 
                  Farebrother
               



             - we live in Mill-bank-street, Westminster


; the prisoner was our servant
. On the 19th of November
, he was sent to Romford to get cash for a cheque of 20l. - he was to bring two ten pound notes - I allowed him 6s. for going - he never returned. I did not see him again till he was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . On the 19th of November I was a clerk in the Romford-bank; the prisoner brought a cheque to me that day, which was drawn by J. Blaker. I gave him two 10l. notes for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in Whitechapel, and am a grocer. On the 19th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop to buy some tea and sugar - he offered a 10l. Romford note, which I changed for him; he then said he had another 10l. note, and he did not much like them - he asked me to change that, which I did, and said, "If you do not like them, how came you to have them?" he said he had been to Romford to get change for a 20l. cheque for his masters, Messrs. Farebrother, and that his own name was West.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in Wapping, on the 16th of December. I asked if he had worked for Messrs. Farebrother, he said he had left them for a fortnight - that he had changed the note in Whitechapel, and lost the money.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not much acquainted with travelling, and had taken a little too much. I cannot say whether I went into the grocer's shop, or any thing about it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor and jury.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
