





640. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  RAGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 8 sovereigns, and 5 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Copland
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ALEXANDER COPLAND. On Saturday, the 26th of January, I met the prisoner, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, in St. Giles' - I went to a public-house with her, and had something to drink; she then asked me to go to an acquaintance of her's, which I did; we went into a room, and went to bed, but I did not pull my clothes off; I am certain I had my watch and money when I went into the room, and there was no other person in the room but us, but I did not see her take them - she said she was ill, and went down stairs, and the instant she was gone, another woman came into the room - I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my watch and money - I asked that woman if she could tell where the prisoner was gone; she said No - I went out of the room, and saw a respectable man, who took me to the beadle; I described her, and he knew her very well - she was taken the day after - I found her, and gave charge of her - I am quite sure she is the person; we were not in the room an hour altogether.


                  MAURICE 
                  NICHOLAS
               



            . I saw the prosecutor about five o'clock that afternoon - he said he had been robbed of his watch and money, and gave me a description of the prisoner; I knew her, and searched for her all that afternoon, but could not find her till the next day, when we all met opposite Meux's brewhouse - the prosecutor charged her with robbing him - she said she did not know him.


                  GEORGE 
                  SUTHERLAND
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of January I was at Mary-le-bone office; I saw the prisoner there; the prosecutor came in, and I heard the prisoner say to another girl, "My God! what am I to do!" the other girl said, "What have you to do, but to deny it, and if you speak out, you will get but two or three weeks of it;" the prisoner said, "I can't deny it, what shall I say about the sovereign?" she said, "Say he gave it you for a shilling."
MAURICE NICHOLAS. There was nothing found on her, but the next day she sent a sovereign, which she said had been sent her; she was very desirous to see Mrs. Copland. and said she would tell her all about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
