





1181. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealling, on the 4th of September
, one watch, value 2 l.; one seal, value 5 s.; one chain, value 5 s., and one key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Newby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWBY
               



            . I am a sawyer
, and live in Richmond-place, Old-street. On the 4th of September, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon I was in Ball-yard, Golden-lane


. I went there to call on a mate named Evans, who owed me some money; while I was disputing with him, he knocked me down. I was picked up by several people who stood round, and as they took me up, they took my watch from my fob. A little boy came up and said,
"You have lost your watch; I saw 
               
                  Jack 
                  Harris
               



             take it." He ran away. I have not recovered it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in Little Arthur-street. I saw a crowd in Ball-yard as I stood at my shop, the prisoner and Harris were there, they ran out of the crowd together, and came up towards me. I knew them both perfectly well. In five or ten minutes, I heard the prosecutor had lost his watch. As they came towards me, opposite the Crown and Sceptre door, I saw Harris give the prisoner something which appeared to be a watch. They were about ten yards from me. I informed the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of the robbery the same day, and Hill gave me the account he has now. Tweedy and I went to the prisoner's lodgings, he was denied to us, we went up stairs, and found him concealed under the bed clothes, with all his clothes but his coat on, it was in the afternoon. I told him what Hill said, he said he knew nothing of it, he did not take it.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I saw the prisoner and apprehended him. I knew him and Harris before, I have seen them in company.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Ball-yard. I saw Harris very busy in picking the prosecutor up, and saw him draw the watch from his pocket, he would the chain round his fingers, and ran off. My lad ran after him. I have not seen him since, and did not see the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not under the clothes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged. 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
