





1253. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 half-crown
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . On the 16th of May I met the prisoner at the corner of James-street, and gave her something to drink at the White Lion public-house; I then came out, and went to Mrs. Porters, No. 3, Legg-alley


 - I was quite sober; it was about half-past eleven o'clock - I gave her 2s. for the bed, and went to bed; at two the next morning the prisoner got up, and went away unknown to me - I had had half a sovereign and half a crown in my trousers, which I put under my head; Mrs. Porter came up and asked if I had not been robbed - I said Yes, and told her to go for the watchman; in going to the watch-house half a sovereign fell from the prisoner - she took it up, and put it into her mouth; she had said she had not a farthing, but at the watch-house they found half a crown in the heel of each of her stockings - one of the half-crowns I had given her; she swallowed the half-sovereign.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not tipsy? A. No, not at all- I was not sick; I had not had any oysters - I gave you a shilling, and you went and got bread and cheese and raddishes for supper; I did not bolt the door.
JOHN SHIELDS. I was night-constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - the prosecutor said she had robbed him of half a sovereign and half a crown; I saw a piece of gold in her mouth, and tried to get it, but she swallowed it - I found a shilling in her purse, half acrown in her bosom, and half a crown in each of her stockings.
Prisoner. Did you not put your finger into my mouth? A. Yes, but I took it out again pretty soon, for I know you of old.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor in Longacre; he asked me to get him something to drink - I had 6s.; I took the prosecutor to the White Lion, and had a glass of wine - he asked if I had a room; I said I had not, but took him to No. 3, Legg-alley - he gave me half a crown to stop with him; I scrupled to take it - he then gave me a shilling to get some bread and cheese and raddishes, and he took my bonnet lest I should go away; he shut the door, and bolted it - the landlady went up and knocked at the door, and then he opened it and said"It is all right;" he then said he had lost his money - he had been sick on the bed; I gave him back the half-crown, and said I would not stay with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fifth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
