





104. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  HENNISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 3 pairs of trousers, value 12s.; 5 waistcoats, value 20s.; 1 hat, value 9s.; 1 coat, value 4s.; 3 yards of calico, value 2s.; 3 waistcoat-pieces, value 8s.; 1 pair of boots, value 12s.; 1 yard of kerseymere, value 12s.; 1 seal, value 2d.; 1 ring, value 1d.; 1 box, value 1d., and 1 tooth-pick, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Hedges
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I live in Hoxton-market-place


, and am a tailor
. I lost the property stated on the 21st of November from a box in my room, which I occupy, in my my father's house - the box I had kept locked, but the lock was broken off; I saw the prisoner for the first time about eleven o'clock on the 21st of November - he had lodged in the house for a fortnight, but I had been in the country; I gave information to a constable, who took him in his own room - he took from him this seal and ring, which are mine; he found this seal-box on the table - this tooth-pick was my brother's.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a coat and waistcoat pawned with me on the 18th of November, by the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots, pawned by the prisoner.
ANDREW TIMS. I have a pair of trousers, pawned with me by the prisoner.
RICHARD CONSTANTINE. I took the prisoner - he was playing a fiddle; I said, "I want you on a charge of felony;" he said, "I am innocent" - I searched him, and found these things; he gave no account of the articles at the pawnbroker's - I found them out myself.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MRS. HEDGES. I am the prosecutor's mother. I let a room to the prisoner, who said he was about to be a Police-man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by a lodger to pawn the articles - he paid me for my trouble; I returned the duplicates and the money - he gave me the seal.
RICHARD CONSTANTINE. There is only one old man in the house - the prisoner did not state this at the time.
MR. HEDGES. The person he alludes to is my nephew, who is here.
- I caught the prisoner one day in the parlour; I went, and asked what he did there - hetook the key off the mantel-piece, and said, "I want to get a drop of beer;" his wife was on the stairs - he mentioned a man of the name of Peligraft having told him to take them.
Prisoner. He asked me to go up with him as his aunt was out of the way, and said he would have a drop of beer - I never had the key in my hand; this witness told me to use the name of Peligraft.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
