






2161. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLENSBY
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  COOPER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 1 watch, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Field
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS FIELD. I am a Chelsea pensioner
. On the 13th of October, I was tipsy - I had been to see my sister in Laystall-street, and left there about five o'clock; I saw my watch safe in my watch-pocket when I came from the house: I think it was about five o'clock, as near as I can guess - I cannot rightly tell; there was a boy to take me home: I got into St. Martin's watch-house that night - while there I missed half a crown, and a sixpence or shilling: I do not rightly know which - I have never seen my watch since; I mentioned to the watch-housekeeper that I had lost it, and he said I blamed him for it - it was a hunting-watch.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. About what time was it you began to miss your watch? A. After I was in the watch-house, about ten o'clock, I believe; I do not know rightly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I was going home with the prosecutor, and in Broad-court the two prisoners came and asked where he was going; I said he was a Chelsea pensioner - Cooper said, "We are going to Pimlico - we will put him into the coach:" they went up Bow-street, and to Hemmings-row, and then another man took hold of him; I followed them all: they went on to the waste ground, and soon afterwards I saw the prosecutor on the ground, and the third man was with him - I went up to him, and saw his watch was gone; I said if I knew where there was an officer I would have the man taken up - I called out Stop thief! and the third man, said,"There go the two men who have robbed him," and he took to his heels and ran away; King came up - I said, "This man has been robbed of his watch;" I know it was safe before, for I felt it - King and I took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. When did the third man come up? A. Just before they got to Hemmings-row; the prisoners were gone when I found him on the ground; I cannot say at what time he lost his watch: when the third man ran away the prisoners were in Pall Mall east - I was in the middle of the waste ground; I wanted to get home, and thought they were gentlemen - I followed, to see if they would put him into a coach.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I live in Long-court, Leicester-square. On the night of the 13th of October, between half-past six and seven o'clock, I saw the two prisoners in Bow-street, together; they stood there a few minutes - two or three more persons were with them; I then saw Cooper and Ward turn into Long-acre, with Allensby and two more men; they all went down St. Martin's-lane, and then down Hemmings-row


 - Ward then left them, and Allensby took hold of his arm; they turned down towards the mews - the other two were a little way behind - they took him to about the middle of the waste ground - I saw the prosecutor down on the ground, and the prisoners one on each side of them; I did not see what they did - the other two men did not follow then, but remained at a distance; Ward was at a distance like me - he was following, to see what they did; we were in front of the United Club-house - Cooper went away, up the Strand, but Allensby brought the prosecutor part of the way out, then let him fall, and ran off up the Strand - Ward and I got up to the prosecutor about the same time; Ward felt, and said he had lost his watch - I took him to the watch-hosue; an officer was sent with me, but we could not see the prisoners that night; I then went to the Theatre, and saw Allensby coming down the gallery-stairs, with different coloured trousers on - I turned to look for an officer, but could see none, and on turning back he was gone; I saw Cooper next morning, at the corner of Catherine-street - I stopped some time, and then saw Allensby come from behind the English Opera-house; they went on up Drury-lane, were joined by another man, went into a public-house, and I had them apprehended.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you never lost sight of them from Broad-court till they ran away? A. No; nobody remained with him after Allensby left him - we both got up to him together; Allensby was then running - the prosecutor was very drunk. Allensby had once met me at an anction-room in the Poultry; he struck me, and called me an informer, because I had appeared against Cooper. his comrade.


                  HANNAH 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I live in the Strand. I saw Allensby come home that evening; he took off a pair of light trousers, and put on dark ones.
Cross-examined. Q. What coat had he? A. A. dark one.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoners; the property has never been found - they denied the charge: I found 2s. 6d. on Allensby.
ALLENSBY put in a written Defence, denying that he had been with the prosecutor, but that the present charge arose from a conspiracy on the part of King, for having assaulted him, and the Bow-street officer, on account of his having exposed their conduct at the Theatres. before the Police Committee.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . There are gas-lights round the place - I think the man who left the prosecutor last was taller than Allensby.
ALLENSBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
COOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
