






516. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  COTTON
               




             and 
               
                  THEOPHILUS 
                  COTTON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 wicker-basket, value 1s., and 72 glass bottles, value 19s., the goods of 
                     
                        James Penny 
                        Hillman
                     




                  , their master
            .
Mr. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a street-keeper. Mr. Hillman is a bottle-merchant
, and lives in Old Swan-lane, Upper Thames-street


. On the morning of the 12th of January I saw Theophilus Cotton about eighty yards from Mr. Hillman's warehouse, coming in a direction from there, with a prickle basket (which bottles are carried in) on his shoulder - he was alone, and went up Great Bush-lane; the prisoner Michael then passed me, and wished me good morning, and he joined Theophilus in Chequer-yard; I saw them go into Kennet's, on Dowgate-hill, both together - Michael assisted in taking the basket off Theophilus' shoulder; I saw Kennet at the door, taking it in; I informed Mr. Hillman as soon as I could see him. Michael was at Mr. Hillman's when I went there, and at first denied assisting him down with the basket till I recalled it to his mind.
Q. What did he say? A. He asked if I wanted to implicate him; I said no further than that he assisted in taking the bottles off the man's shoulder, which he admitted; he said he did not rightly know the man, but thought he should if he saw him; I went to Kennet's with Mr. Hillman - he was not at home; I found him at Tower-hill: when I went to his house a second time I saw several baskets; he hesitated about the matter; the basket was never produced in my presence. I took Michael into custody the same day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What basket Theophilus had, you cannot tell? A. It was a prickle - there are a great many in London. I did not see Michael near him till he got into Chequer-yard, which is about one hundred and fifty yards from Mr. Hillman's. I knew Michael before - he knew me to be a street-keeper; it took him a minute or two to get to the place after he passed me - I was about five yards off when he helped the basket down - I do not know whether he saw me; I did not hide myself; it was about a quarter-past eight o'clock, and daylight; Mr. Hillman spoke to him first, and then sent for me, and asked me about it - I asked if he did not assist a man to take a basket of bottles off his shoulder, at Mr. Kennet's - he rather equivocated at first, and neither said Yes nor No, but, "What, do you wish to implicate me in it?" he said he certainly did assist in taking it off, but at first said he might assist for what he knew, but he denied it at first. Kennet is a wine-cooper and bottle-dealer. The prisoners both know me perfectly well.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you on duty? A. Yes - I go on duty at half-past six o'clock in the winter. I do not think Theophilus saw me. I did not stop them, but went to Mr. Hillman's.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PENNY HILLMAN
               



            . My warehouse is in Old Swan-lane, in the City. On the 12th of February the prisoner Michael was in my employ - Theophilus is his cousin; I have heard Michael call him cousin - they haveboth worked together in my warehouse; Theophilus sailed one voyage in a ship of mine, and worked in my warehouse as well; as he was badly off Michael asked me to employ him, and I sent him a voyage. I deal in bottles. In consequence of Smith's information I went to Kennet's house, and saw a prickle and some bottles - it is such a prickle as I have in my warehouse, and is bound round with spun-yarn, as I generally do mine - Theophilus was not in my service that day, and was not employed to carry any basket from my warehouse - Michael was in nobody's employ but mine: he has been my foreman for three years, but has been in my service longer than that - I sent for him into the house on this morning, and told him the street-keeper had informed me some bottles had been taken from my warehouse to Kennet's, and that his name was mentioned, but I could not believe it - he said he was going up to be shaved; I said, "You helped the man down with the basket?" - he said he did not, but afterwards that he did; I asked if he knew the man - he said perhaps he might; he afterwards said perhaps he might have helped the man down with it - I then sent for the street-keeper up, and said, "Is this the man who helped the man down with the basket?" he said it was - Michael then said, "Can you swear I am the man?" or words to that effect - I still had so good an opinion of him that I could not believe it. I told him to go to work, and I would see further into it; I did not go to Kennet's place till after we found him on Tower-hill - I then found my basket there; Kennet pointed out six dozens of bottles, in a prickle, but they had been washed. I went back, and gave Michael in charge. The bottles were worth 19s. 6d., and the prickle 1s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many does a prickle hold? A. Six dozens, but it will hold six more. I bind my prickles all round with spun-yarn - they are usually bound in three or four places - I never saw any bound like mine. I know all the bottle-merchants in London - there are about thirteen of us; I do not believe there are more. I found Michael at work as usual - there was nothing to prevent his escaping; I gave him to understand that I wished to punish Kennet, and of course he would get off, if he became a witness. I merely said I would punish the receiver - he did not refuse to become a witness; he said he was innocent.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Theophilus present during any part of this conversation? A. No. Michael gave me to understand the person was unknown to him. The bottles would weight about 120lbs.; it would require assistance to be got off his shoulder.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENNET
               



            . I live at No. 13, Dowgate-hill, and am a wine-cooper and bottle-dealer. I know Michael Cotton, and have seen the other prisoner before, I think, but not to know any thing of him; I think I have seen him before, but am not sure. On the 12th of January, about twenty minutes or half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was up at breakfast, and thought I heard a ring at the bell; I live on the first floor - I threw up the sash, and there was the man at the door, with a basket of bottles; I saw Michael helping them off some other man's back - I went down, and opened the door; the man who brought them said there was a parcel of bottles for me; I took them in, and said I would look them over. The man went away, and I went up to breakfast.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you hear this case opened to-night? A. Yes - I heard the gentleman say if I did not swear what was expected of me, I might go into some place not quite convenient - I understood him to mean Newgate. I have come to speak the truth; I dare say the gentlemen would send me to Newgate if they could, but I do not think they can send me there - I have no doubt Mr. Hillman would prosecute me if he could; I did not know the things were stolen; when baskets get old it is very common to bind them with rope-yarn. I should think there were more than thirteen persons in the wholesale bottle trade, but I do not know how many. I had about ten gross of bottles in my place; a great many were washed; these were the same as other bottles. I have seen many hundreds of prickles bound with spun-yarn in this manner.
COURT. Q. Did you point out any bottles to Mr. Hillman? A. He asked what bottles had come in that morning, and I showed him six dozen which had come in that prickle. The prickle that Mr. Hillman claimed stood among forty or fifty others - it was bound completely round; he said he thought it was his, but he could not swear to it; I do not know that any of the others were bound - it is not here.
MR. LAW. Q. In whose possession is it? A. I think it is in mine; I was not asked by any body to bring it here - I was never asked to deliver it up, or I should have done so - I think it is in my place now.
THEOPHILUS COTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
But not being a servant. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MICHAEL COTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
