





1325. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Maden
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES MADEN. On the 20th of May, as I was going down Angel-gardens


, with a woman, (I had been drinking) my watch was snatched from my fob; I did not see who took it, but I gave a description of it, and saw it at the office - this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past ten o'clock at night; it was moon-light - I was not very drunk; I could keep up: I have known the woman three years, every time I came home from sea - I had been only two or three days on shore; I cannot say whether she was a woman of the town.
MARGARET BROWN. I was walking with Maden, and the prisoner took his watch from his fob; there were three others with the prisoner - I called out Watchman! and the watchman sprung his rattle; the prisoner was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see the prisoner taken? A. No; they all ran up Angel-gardens: we went out, about seven o'clock, to the London Docks for a walk; we had a pint of beer, and some gin - he had been drinking in the day: the prisoner and his companions shoved against us, and then took his watch; I was alarmed, but not confused - I saw the prisoner in custody, and knew him again.
CHARLES LOUGHTON. I am a watchman of St. George in the East. I was on duty. at half-past ten o'clock, and heard the rattle; I saw the prisoner come running towards me; I do not think he saw me - when he came up, he said,"There he goes, there he goes;" I said, "Never mind him, you are the man I want:" I went to take hold of him, but his coat was buttoned, and he got away - I pursued, and saw him throw something into a court: I could not see what - I took him, and my brother watchman found a watch in a court, where I thought he threw something.
Cross-examined. Q. You say he ran towards you? A. Yes, at first; I do not think he saw me, as I had a dark coat on, and my lantern was under the cape - there was no one running in the direction he pointed to; I was not more than five yards from him when he threw something from him - the court leads to several houses, but is no thoroughfare; the watch was about ten yards up the court - he made no resistance, but stood still, and seemed very much hurt at being charged with it.
WILLIAM INCH. I am a watchman. I heard the rattle, and came up; Loughton had the prisoner - I found the watch in the court next morning; the prisoner asked if it could be made up - I said I thought not.
Cross-examined. Q.What distance up the court was it? A. A good bit; the glass is not broken, but the case is gone - it is a brick court, and it was in the kennel.
JOHN HUNT. This is my watch - the case has not been found.
MARGARET BROWN. I bought this watch-ribbon for Maden that morning.
COURT. Q. How far is the court from where they had been walking? A. The watch was taken in Ratcliff-highway, and the court is in Blue-gate-fields, not a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been working at my father's; my brother came and asked me to carry a child down to his house, and then he asked me to have a bit of supper -I then said, "I will make haste home;" I sat off running, and just as I got to Blue-gate-fields I saw four or five persons running; I made a stop, and then thought I would not stay, as I am not used to be out late - I ran and met the watchman; I said, "There he goes;" as there were three or four persons running, I kept on gently running, and the watchman took me to the watch-house; in half an hour the other watchman brought in this watch, and said he found it in the court; next morning I said, "I never was guilty of any thing of the kind; I should not like to have my character spoiled, do you think it could be made up?" he said he thought it could: he asked if my friends were there; I said I believed my brother and sister were; and when he went before the Magistrate, he stated that I asked about its being made up.
MARTHA THOMAS. I am the prisoner's brother's wife. He carried my child home that night, and left directly; I suppose it was two or three minutes after ten o'clock - he said he should make haste home: our house is in High-street, Shadwell.
JOHN THOMAS. I am the prisoner's brother. He left work at nine o'clock that night, and went to carry the child home.
CHARLES LOUGHTON. It might be twenty minutes before eleven o'clock when I took him - I had finished crying half-past ten.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
