





298. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COOKSLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, three live tame turkies, value 15 s., and three guinea fowls, price 15 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Keene
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a watchman, of Twickenham. On the morning of the 22d of December, about three o'clock, I heard a noise - I went to the place, and asked who was there? - no one answered. I went up the lane, and there laid hold of the prisoner, with this bag in front of him, and his coat over it - he got from me and ran away - I pursued him, and took him. I then took up the bag, and it had two turkies in it - I saw one turkey and two guinea fowls on the ground, as I was running along - they were dead, but quite warm.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He appeared to be a fisherman, did he not? A. Yes; I could not hold him because my hands were full - he got from me, and made himself foolish. I could not get a word from him - he ran about, half-double, and cried
"Bah! bah!"


                  CHARLES 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Stephen Keene, who lives at Teddington Common


. On the morning of the 22d of December I went to feed the fowls, and missed three turkies and three guinea fowls - they were all safe the night before; I saw them afterwards at a public-house on the common, in the possession of Mr. West - I am quite sure they were Mr. Keene's - they roosted in a cart-house in the yard, which is fenced from the road.
Cross-examined. Q. What kind of fence is it? A. It is a paling that a person might easily get over - I had cut the right wings of the guinea fowls, to prevent their flying over.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PINES
               



            . I am watchman to the Baroness Howe. I was on duty on the 22d of December, and heard a noise in the lane by the Baroness's premises - I went down and saw some persons at a distance, but lost sight of them; and as I was going back I found one turkey and three guinea fowls in the path of the lane; they were claimed by Mr. Keene's servant. The prisoner lived just on the spot. There was another man with him, but I do not know who he was.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
