






826. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February

, 87 lbs. of candles, value 2l. 5s., and 1 box, value 3s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Wortley
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LODGE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, charging it to be the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Morgan
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morgan
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am in the service of Samuel Morgan and Thomas Morgan; they are tallow-chandlers

, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On the 13th of February I had a six dozen box of candles in my cart, to take to Mr. Wortley, New-street, Mary-le-bone



; I met the prisoner George in Tottenham-court-road - I knew him before, as he formerly worked for my master. He asked if he should go with me; I said he might, if he liked - and he walked with me, by the side of the horse, all the way to Wortley's. We got there about half-past twelve o'clock in the day; George carried the box from the cart, as I was not very well, and young Mr. Wortley received it from it. I did not tell him what the box contained - he did not ask; he did not see it put into the cart; he would know it was a candle-box, and would know the quantity in it by the size- and would know it was full by the weight of it. I had a bill of parcels with the goods, which I delivered.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NATHANIEL WORTLEY
               



            . I am the son of Valentine Wortley, and live in New-street, Mary-le-bone. On the 13th of February Taylor came with these candles; George brought them in, and was in the shop when Taylor delivered me the bill; I did not open them in his presence. George came again about half-past six o'clock, when it was dusk, in a cart, but not the same as the candles had come in; he said he had come for the box of candles, which he had delivered wrong in the morning. I asked him some questions, but what, I do not recollect; and he said the box was to be changed for one in the neighbourhood, and he would bring me back another presently. I believed him, and delivered it to him, having taken 1lb. out, which I told him of; he said that was of no consequence. His cart, standing on the opposite side of the road, raised my suspicion, and I watched him; he said he was going into Park-road, where he was to change the box; but he went to the end of the street, then turned to the right, and afterwards back again to the left-hand side of the street, and stopped there a quarter of an hour, in the middle of the road, with a lad in the cart; he made another stoppage, and at last came to the place he mentioned, which was Mr. Hennett's oil-shop, in Park-road; he stopped there about ten minutes, then went round the back way, to the shop of Mr. Pickman, in the Harrow-road. I followed him six or seven miles; he at last went to Montague-street, Spitalfields, and drew up to Lodge's, who keeps an oil-shop on the right-hand side in that street. I watched for a time, and saw George deliver the box of candles into Lodge's shop; Lodge was standing at the door while George and the boy were helping the box into the shop; they went into the shop together, for a few minutes, before the box was taken out. I then went to the watch-house, and got a constable; and just as we came to the door. George came out of the shop. I said to the constable, "That is the man;" he took to his heels and ran; the constable took him, and brought him back to the shop, and asked him, in the hearing of Lodge, how he came by these candles; George said, "That good gentleman (meaning me) gave them to me. I asked him for them, and he gave them to me without any scruple." The constable said, "A pretty thing that a gentleman should buy candles on purpose to give you;" and then asked him where the money was for the candles; he pulled three sovereigns and a sixpence from his pocket, and said that was the money Mr. Lodge had paid him for them. Lodge was in hearing, and said nothing; the constable then asked Lodge if he had a bill of parcels; he did not say that he had not got one, but did not produce it; the constable then told Lodge he must have the candles; he said "No, Sir, not unless I get the money back;" the constable said he would, and if he refused to deliver them, he would take him as well as the candles; the constable then turned to me, and said, "Can you swear to these boxes?" I said I could swear to the one I had sent out, and pointed it out; the constable wished to shut the door, and retire to the back of the shop. Lodge would not permit it; we brought the candles to the watch-house, with George; Lodge remained at his shop; George said at the watch-house that Lodge would have taken a hundred boxes.
Q. Did Lodge show you a bill for the candles? A. Not that evening; he produced one before the Magistrate next morning; he had not been desired to attend before the Magistrate, but he came and claimed either the money orcandles, and produced a bill of parcels - Mr. Harmer's clerk, (who appeared for Lodge) had it back - the amount of the bill is 3l. 10s.; here is my bill of the candles and box, which is 2l. 5s. 10d., but there were two boxes at Lodge's - George had another box in the cart besides the one I gave him - I had seen him bringing that box out of Mr. Pickman's; they were both taken into Lodge's, and both contained about the same quantity of candles - mine was 88lbs.
Cross-examined by MR. QUIN. Q. You believed the man when he came to you? A. Yes; I never expected the same box back again.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MORGAN
               



            , JUN. I am the son of Samuel Morgan, who is in partnership with my uncle; Thomas Taylor has been two or three years in our service, and took these goods by our order to Mr. Wortley; George had not worked for us for twelve months, and had no authority to fetch candles from Wortley's or Pickman's.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Wortley fetched me; I took charge of George, and took him back to Lodge's shop - I asked Lodge if he had bought the candles of him - he said, Yes - George pointed out the boxes - I said they had been stolen from the other end of the town, and I must take them with me; he said I could not have them unless he had the money back, which he had paid for them - I asked George how much he had received - he said three sovereigns and sixpence - Lodge would not suffer them to go away - I said if not, I must take him also - he said he would have the money - I said he had better attend before the Magistrate next morning, and if it was allowed him I would give it him - he came next day, claimed them, and was charged as being a receiver.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he discharged by the Magistrate? A. Yes.
GEORGE's Defence. The carman told me the night before to come with him, and I delivered these two boxes of candles.
J. TAYLOR. I did not know he was coming, nor did I expect him.
Lodge made no Defence, but ten witnesses gave him a good character.
JURY to N. WORTLEY. Q. Did the cart stop at any other shop to find a purchaser? A. No; it stopped at Pickman's, and obtained another box.
GEORGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LODGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
