






338. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COCKFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DONALD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 box, value 1s.: 2 gowns, value 10s.; 2 shawls, value 8s.; I scarf, value 4s., and 10 yards of crape, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hare
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARE
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Bryson, a publican, of Lower East Smithfield


; I had this box there, which contained two gowns, two shawls, ten yards of crape, and some other things; I missed the box and its contents from my room, on the 1st of January - the two prisoners lodged there; Donald had been there two or three months: Cockfield not so long.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a watchman of St. George's, Middlesex. On the 1st of January, I fell in with the two prisoners, in Wapping-street, about half-past three o'clock in the morning, in company - Donald was carrying this box; I asked where they brought it from, and where they were going - Donald said he did not know exactly where he was going, but that he brought it from Cherry-garden stairs; I said "I must take you into custody:" he said I might do as I liked about that; he then said he found it at the corner of Hermitage-street: Cockfield also said they had found it - I took them to the watch-house, and found the prsoecutrix - it had not then been opened, but the prosecutrix produced the key the next morning.
DONALD'S Defence. We had been drinking with two shipmates, and came home at twelve o'clock, and then went out again to go to another house; in coming home, I saw this box in Burr-street, and a sailor standing by it:I had taken a glass or two, and I asked the man what he had got - I could not make out what he said; he then went away, so we took up the box, and went to our own door, but could not get in; I then took the box to a young woman's mother, where I thought we could get a lodging.
COCKFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
DONALD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
