






426. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, one watch, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Dodds
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  GEORGE 
                  DODDS
               



            . I am a sailor
, and come from Berwick. I belong to the 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Allison
               



            . On the 14th of February, I came out of the Royalty Theatre at half-past ten o'clock; Johnson and another girl followed me across to a public-house, and asked me to give them some beer. I stood drinking with them for half an hour - we had two pots of beer between us three and a companion of mine. My companion left, and I went with them to a house in Rosemary-lane; I got there about half-past eleven o'clock. The other girl took me up stairs, and I gave her 3 s., and 6 d. to get a pot of beer, she did not return for a quarter of an hour. Johnson stood at the door with me waiting for her to return. Holland and another man came into the street, and asked what was the matter; Holland said he would try to find her. She came back; the two woman and the two men then took me to a coffee-shop, a good way off; we had some coffee, which came to 8 d. - all sat in the same box. Holland took his watch out, and shewed it to me; he then asked to look at mine; I took mine out, he opened and examined it, shut it again, and returned it to me. Then Johnson asked to see it, but I said No; she then snatched it out of my hand, and away she ran out of doors. I followed her, but two men in the passage prevented my getting out, and when I did get out they directed me the wrong way after her - I do not know who they were. I was quite sober. I have not found my watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUDGEN
               



            . I am a watchman. On this night, between twelve and one o'clock, I heard a rush at the door of this coffee-shop, which is in Wentworth-street


. I immediately went with my lanthorn, and pursued Johnson and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams
               



            . I saw Dodd trying to get out of the passage, Holland and another man were preventing him. I heard them say
"They are gone to the right;" when in fact they were gone to the left. I called to Dodd to follow me; Johnson and Williams ran into a privy in Crown-court, and we secured them. Dodd said Johnson had stolen his watch. Holland was taken next day.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you know Johnson before - A. Yes, by seeing her about - she ran out of the house. I had seen Holland about before - he knew I was a watchman. I heard him direct Dodds the wrong way; I knew his voice, and saw his face by the gas light. I saw the scuffle in the passage to prevent his getting out.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was nearley opposite the coffee-shop, saw two women rush out, and run down Crown-court, into the privy. When we took them we found it was Johnson and Williams. Holland came to the door not a moment after them. I heard him tell Dodds to turn a different way to what they were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Holland next day in Rosemary-lane. He said he was at the door at the time, but knew nothing of it.
JOHNSON's Defence. I was coming along, and met Williams; we went to the vaults, and the prosecutor charged us with robbing him. I never saw him before.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
