






719. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, one trunk, value 20 s., twenty-seven shifts, value 4 l., twelve caps, value 6 s., fifteen handkerchiefs, value 7 s., twenty-four towels, value 24 s., and six petticoats, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sophia 
                     Meihan
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am servant to Miss 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Meihan
               



            ; she had returned from Brighton at the latter end of March, and a box, containing this property, was to come by Shepherd's van, to be delivered at No. 19, York-place, Baker-street. I found them at Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  FELLOWS
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Duke-street, Bloomsbury. On the 20th of March, about twenty minutes after twelve o'clock, I was in Little Russell-street and saw a man running as hard as he could, with a trunk, the prisoners were close behind him; he pitched it into a public house door way, and crossed into Museum-street. The prisoners stood opposite the door. Smale crossed, and took up the trunk, and followed the man. White stood at the corner till he passed them, and then ran after him to the end of Great Russell-street. I ran down Gilbert-street; saw Taylor, and told him to come with me; I got into a Great Russell-street, and laid hold of Smale with the trunk, and asked where he was going to take it; he said that a man asked him to carry it - the other man was in the middle of the road, and ran away. I found White behind, and gave him in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I secured Smale with the box; he said he was taking it into the City.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOTHWITH
               



            . I saw the prisoners with another man, who got away; White was walking with that man; they appeared to be talking together. Fellows took Smale with the trunk; the other then ran way; I secured White.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am proprietor of the Brighton van. On the 19th of March the trunk came up from Brighton, and arrived safe at the office on the 20th, and was then put into our cart to be delivered as directed. I found it at Bow-street, with the same direction on it.


                  AARON 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Sheppard. On the 20th of March, I had the trunk in my cart to deliver at No. 19, York-place; it was stolen at the corner of Bowle's-yard, where I stopped to deliver a parcel, at half past twelve o'clock - I was not absent above five minutes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMALE'S Defence. I was going to Orange-street - a man said he would pay me to carry the trunk.
SMALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
