





1414. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, one watch, value 10 s.; one coat, value 5 s., and one pair of shoes, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Neal 
                           Moran
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  NEAL 
                  MORAN
               



            . I am an artificial flower-maker
, and live in Greek-street, Soho. On the 9th of September, about one o'clock in the morning, I was locked out of my lodging, and walked the streets till about five o'clock in the morning; my landlady was ill, and I did not like to disturb her. I was walking up George-street, St. Giles's, between five and six o'clock, and a man shoved me off the pavement into the street, he was behind me; I asked why he did so, and he immediately struck me a violent blow over the eye, and knocked me down - I got up and wanted to defend myself; I fell under him on his striking me a second time. The prisoner and another man then came up and supported me, as though they were my friends. I asked them, for their civility in parting us, to come to the Two Brewers, public-house, and I would give them half-a-gallon of beer. I told them I had been locked out of mylodging, and was drowsy; we went to the public-house, and had two pots of beer, the prisoner said I could go to his house, which was a small distance off, and lay down a little to rest - I went with him to the house, and saw a woman; he ordered her to get a bed ready, and he would have breakfast ready by the time I awoke. The two men stood up, and took off my coat, I put it on a chair and my hat and shoes at the foot of the bed - I then laid down with the rest of my things on; only the two men and the woman were in the room. In about an hour and a half, I found Sullivan (the other man) at my left hand waistcoat pocket, which I had on; I asked why he did so, he said he was only putting the clothes on me - I do not know whether the prisoner was then there. When I got up I missed my coat, hat, and shoes, I found the slider of my watch on the bed, the watch was taken from my fob. I gave the alarm. The prisoner was taken afterwards - I have found none of the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Giles's


. I had information against the prisoner, I knew he lived at this house. I saw him several nights, but could not overtake him, he left after this, and I took him on the 11th of October, in a court in St. Giles's - I knew he and Sullivan lived together at the same house.


                  JOHN 
                  HEWSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to the house after him, but could not find him, except at night, when he was in company with four or five bad characters.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
