






1011. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, one coat, value 1 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rhodes
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . On the 30th of June, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners pass my house at Battle-bridge, one had a basket, and the other a bundle of wood. Taylor came by and said he had been watching them some time. I could not leave my house, but in an hour and a half they all three came back. Wilson and the others separated at the turnpike. Douglas kept on the right side with the basket on his shoulder, it appeared bulky, and ran through the turnpike; and opposite the Belvidere, public-house, he stopped, and Wilson stood opposite. I said,
"What have you got here?" he said,
"Nothing, but a little waste;" I found this coat over some shavings, with his basket. I called after the two, and Wilson was stopped by a carpenter, and brought back to me, he had run off. I found a latch key on him.


                  SARAH 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rhodes
               



            , who lives at Hampstead


; the coat is his, it hung in the hall at half-past nine o'clock; I did not miss it till eleven o'clock, I had incautiously left the door open.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable. On the 30th of June, I was by Pentonville chapel, the prisoners passed with another in company; Douglas then had the basket under his arm, and the other the bundle of wood; one went on one side of the way, and two on the other, they went up several garden walks to the doors as they went along, I followed them through Battle-bridge, pointed them out to Hutt, and followed them to Euston-street with Colton, I think they saw me; they crossed the brick fields towards Hampstead, and I lost them. I returned over the fields, and when I got to the Belvidere, public-house, they were just taken. I went after the other, but he escaped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I followed the three men, the prisoners are two of them; they sat down at a door for a quarter of an hour, we lost sight of them about two hundred yards from Rhodes' house, they all carried the basket occasionally, and then the wood.
DOUGLAS' Defence. I was going after a situation, and found the basket in the fields at Highgate.
DOUGLAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
