






1906. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 100lbs. weight of lead, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Abbott
                     




                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house belonging to him
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a certain building of his.
HENRY ABBOTT. I have a house in Samuel-street Stepney


, which is not inhabited. On the 5th of October, I lost some lead from the gutters; I had not seen it for some time - I found it in the beadle's possession.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live in Well-street, Mile-end New-town; I am employed by Mr. Abbott to look after his houses. I repaired this gutter for the tenant, who left about three months ago; I received some information, and went to the house - I found the lead of the gutter had been taken up, and cut into three pieces, and one piece, seven foot long and one foot wide, was gone - one man could have carried it - we saw two persons on the top of the roof - James Smith was found up the chimney, and Joseph Smith between the fence and the privy - he said he had done no harm; I said if that was the case, he should not be detained; but I had seen them both on the gutter and called to them - I went up the ladder, and missed the lead - he said he knew nothing about it; there was a large piece of lead rolled up in the gutter, and a knife was found.
JOSEPH SMITH'S Defence. I had done work - I was passing by the house, and saw a great many people in the parlour - I went in and was left there.


                  THEODORE 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am the headborough. Morgan sent for me, about eight o'clock that morning, and when I got there, two men had taken one of the prisoners down from the chimney - I found nothing on either of them - I did not look at the cutting of the lead - I took Joseph Smith from behind the privy.


                  THOMAS 
                  TODD
               



            . I went to the house at the request of Morgan - I saw James Smith on the roof - he slid down on the roof of the wash-house, and then got in at a window - I got a candle, and searched every room in the house - at last I saw his feet hang down a chimney - I got him down - I went and got a ladder, and saw the lead had been cut and rolled up - seven feet had been taken away.
Prisoner JOSEPH SMITH. Q. Could I get from the top of the house, and go through it, and get behind the privy, while you got through the house? A. No.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DORSON
               



            . I am the beadle. I received the two prisoners into custody, and have the lead, which was rolled up - it matches with what was left - this is but a small part which was dropped in the yard - a long piece is gone - I found this knife in the gutter.
COURT to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TODD
               



            . Q. Does what you have here match with what is left in the gutter? A. Yes, it is of the same sort and appearance; it seemed to have been fresh cut.
JOSEPH SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JAMES SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
