







792. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PITT
               




            , 
               
                  MOSES 
                  JOSEPH
               




            , & 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MORTLOCK
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, a watch, value 20 s.; a seal, value 5 s.; two keys, value 2 d., and a piece of ribbon, value 1 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph Clifton 
                  Bingham
               




            .
JOSEPH CLIFTON BINGHAM. I am a printer
, and live in a room on the first floor, in Old Boswell-court


 - I left my watch there when I went out at twelve o'clock on the 30th of March; I locked the door, and put the key under the window shutter on the landing-place; I returned at half-past two, and a person told me my door had been found open; the marble in which the watch had been wason the table, but the watch, seal, and key were gone - I saw it again the same day, at Turner's, in Brydges-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, Brydges-street. On the 30th of March, about two o'clock, Moses Joseph came and brought a watch, a gold seal, and two keys; he wanted 15 s. for them; I asked whose they were; he said his brother's, who worked in Russell-court - I kept it, and told him to send his brother; a young woman came in soon afterwards, and gave me information - I went into the street, and saw Joseph looking at my window - I did not then see any body else; I sent a young man to take Joseph, which he did; I then sent for an officer. I saw Pitts pass the shop before the officer came - I called him in, and asked if he knew any thing of this young man; he said Yes: the young woman recollected him as being one of the boys who had spoken to her in the street; Pitt then said to Joseph,
"Why don't you tell the truth?" Joseph said,
"I don't care a pin about it;" I said,
"You should care, because you have got yourself into trouble."


                  JOSEPH 
                  MULFORD
               



            . I live in Shire-lane. On the 30th of March, about two o'clock, I was at Mr. Robinson's, a cook-shop, in Picket-street; I saw Joseph, who beckoned me to come out of the shop; I went to him when I was served; he said he had collared a watch in Boswell-court, and taken it to Mr. Turner's, to pawn for 15 s., and if I would go and own it, he would give me 3 s.; I said I would have nothing to do with it.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESSWELL. Q. Were you ever in this Court before? A. No; I have been in the other Court.
Q. Were you found guilty? A. Yes; I was imprisoned one month and whipped.


                  MARTHA 
                  BENNISON
               



            . I live in Denmark-court. I was in Exeter-street on the 30th of March, and saw the three prisoners at Hayman's public-house - they called me over, and Mortlock asked if I would go and own a watch which he had taken to Mr. Turner's, and it had been stopped; I said I would not do any thing of the kind; when I returned they met me again, and Mortlock said if I did not he would mark me for it; I was going away, and he put his foot out and threw me down in the street.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I live with my father, who is a compositor for the Morning Herald.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EVANS
               



            . On the afternoon of the 30th of March I was in Exeter-street, going to see the last witness - the three prisoners were standing with their backs to the English Opera-house; Mortlock, whom I knew, crossed over, and asked if I would do him the favour to go to a pawnbroker's to own a watch which Joseph had been to pawn for 15 s. - it was a silver watch, with a seal, two keys, and a black ribbon; I said I did not like to do it; I then went on to Bennison's, and told her what they had said; I went to pawn a gown at Mr. Turner's - as I went down the court the prisoners asked me if I would own it then, and said they would watch me to see if I did; when I got to Mr. Turner's door Joseph again asked if I would own the watch - I said I would see about it; when I went in I saw him looking through the window; I told what he had said, and soon after Pitt came by, and I said that was another of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I took up these boys; I found Mortlock at his father's, on Friday, the 1st of April. I have known Joseph some years - his friends are very respectable.
PITT'S Defence. My father sent me on an errand; I met Mortlock, and stood talking with him - Joseph came, and said he was going to pawn a watch for his brother.
MORTLOCK'S Defence. Pitt came and spoke to me; Joseph then came up, and said he had been to pawn a watch for his brother, and asked if we knew any body who could get it for him; I saw Bennison, whom I had known some years, and asked her to do it.
Three witnesses gave Pitt a good character, and two appeared on behalf of Joseph.
PITT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
JOSEPH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
MORTLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
