





2001. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ROLFE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 canvas bag, value 2d; 1 half-sovereign, and 1 shilling, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Elms
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RATSON
               



            . I know William Elms. I was at Grosvenor-row, Pimlico


, and saw the prisoner draw his hand from Elms' left hand jacket, or breeches pocket; two pieces of silver fell from his hand, on the ground, but I cannot say what they were - I could not see who took them up - Elms was on his hands and knees - I do not know whether he had been knocked down; the prisoner then asked for a light - I said, "What do you want with a light, when you have taken it from him?"
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHER. Q. What time was this? A. Between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, as I was putting up our shutters - I am certain it was silver - Elms was drunk; several other persons were round him, but none of the reat were touching him; it was his breeches pocket, to the best of my knowledge; he drew the pocket out with his hand; nobody else could see it, except four or five, who I believe were helping him- several had hold of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I keep a public-house in Grosvenor-row. William Elms lived with me; he came home on the 6th, about seven or eight o'clock, and asked me for some money - I gave him a half-sovereign, half a crown, and some silver.


                  CHARLES 
                  HEWLETT
               



            . I was on duty at the watch-house on the 6th of October, and heard an alarm about a quarter-past twelve o'clock - I went out, and saw the prisoner run away; the persons round said he had been robbing the man - I pursued, and brought him back; he had only 41/2d. in his pocket; I went to the spot in the morning and found a half-sovereign in a bag, within a yard of where he had been; I went to attend to Elms, who was covered with blood; I could not bring him to the watch-house without assistance - and when I returned, the night constable had liberated the prisoner, as only 41/2d. was found on him.


                  ANDREW 
                  VALLANCE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 15th of October: as I took him to the watch-house, he said, "Now you have not got me;" he ran off - I pursued, and secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. What did you say you took him for? A. I said at first it was for knocking down a woman - I went to see for Ratson; the prosecutor is here, but he is completely deaf - it is impossible to make him understand any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
