





339. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 18 shirts, value 2l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 4 silver spoons, value 1l.; 6 pairs of trousers, value 1l., and four handkerchiefs, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Boys
               




            .
RICHARD BOYS. I am fourth officer of the Prince Regent East Indiaman
. I came to England in June, and when I left the ship I packed up all my articles in my chest, which I locked - it contained eighteen shirts, a coat, four silver spoons, some trousers, and a silk handkerchief - it was taken to my lodgings, at No. 13, Norfolk-street, Strand - Mr. Frampton lodged there likewise, and he sent down my chest to his ship by mistake in November last - a witness stopped it at the Dock-gate, and took charge of it; I have seen two silver spoons which I know were mine, and were locked up in my chest last June.

Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you see the chest at the Docks? A. No. I am certain these spoons were in the chest before it left my house, I do not know the prisoner; it is usual for masters to give boys old clothes or money when ships are discharged, but not spoons.


                  JOHN 
                  GRUNDY
               



            . I am a ship-joiner, and live at Gravesend; I have premises at Blackwall. I was there in November last - I saw a chest which was detained by a Revenue officer - it was taken to my warehouse in Cotton-street, Poplar


, On Tuesday morning, the 19th of December, I went into the warehouse, and saw a silk stock lying outside the door; I went into the house and inquired of the servant if she had taken these things; she said, No. I then went into the warehouse, and found the chest had been broken open; I found a night cap, a sock, and some books, which I showed to Mr. Boys on Tuesday evening last; I then went round to different pawnbrokers to give them notice.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I live at No. 61, Cannon-street-and am a silversmith. On the 19th of December the prisoner brought these two spoons to sell; he said the mate of a ship gave them to him for carrying a chest up to the Saracen's-head, and he had had them six months; he came a second time in about half an hour, and I detained him - the officer came and took him.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . I am a police constable. I went to Marshall's on the 19th of December, with Maston, an officer - the prisoner was there, and these spoons before him, which he said the mate of a ship had given him for carrying his chest.


                  ROBERT 
                  MASTON
               



            . I am a Thames police-officer, and was with Jeffries. I saw two men standing at a post - as soon as they saw me they went off; I left the prisoner in custody of Jeffries, and pursued them - they were taken, but said they did not know the prisoner, and they were discharged. I found these three handkerchiefs in the prisoner's hat.(Property produced and sworn to).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
