





553. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, 1 work-box, value 1l., and 1 needlecase, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Norris
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Norris. We live in Black Lion-lane, Bayswater - he is a cabinetmaker
. On the 22d of December I was removing, and hired a hackney coach, No. 602 - the prisoner was the driver; I had some parcels and looking-glasses in the coach; I gave him my work-box and needle-case to put in; he said the coach was quite full, that the glasses would be broken, and he would put it into the boot; when he put me down at my own house, he took every thing out of the coach, and four dish-covers which were in the boot, but he did not give me the work-box; I did not miss it till the next day; I have never seen it since; I made inquiries about the coach, and employed a man to find it - I applied at Essex-street about one month afterwards - the master of the coach attended, and the prisoner attended as the driver; he said he never saw the box; but I told the gentlemen I would be on my oath I gave it into his hand, and they fined the master 2l., for not registering the name of his man - they gave me the 2l.; and I did not hear of the prisoner being in custody till the Sunday before last.


                  WILLIAM 
                  Mc DOWALL
               



            . I am master of the coach. I attended before the Commissioners, but I had no proof then, and could not identify the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of February - I found nothing on him - I asked him where he lodged; he said with his mother, in Newcastle-street, Shoreditch - I went there with the prisoner, and in a box in his bed-room, I found a number of small articles belonging to a work-box.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I took this lady to Black Lion-lane, and stopped at the Yorkshire Stingo, and had some refreshment; we then waited above an hour for the van; I came back, and had some more household goods, and assisted in loading the van again; then the lady pulled up at a public-house, and had some rum and some porter - I stopped at Bagnigge-wells, and had some more to drink; after she had settled with me, I returned, and a gentleman hired me to come to Holborn; my master came, and said, "What have you taken?" - I gave him fourteen shillings; and then, as I was taking the nosebags out, the box came out - my master said, "What is that! a prize?" - I said, "I do not know - but whatever it is, it shall go to Essex-street;" - he said, "See what value it is, if it is of value, you may" - I then went and had some ale with him, and got rather tipsy; and as I was going home, I fell down, and broke the box into two pieces - I went with a man and had some more drink; I fell asleep, and when I awoke, the box was gone; I was called up to Essex-street, and attended with my master, who said, he knew nothing of it, though he had seen me with it; - they then asked the lady the value of the box - she said two pounds, though it is stated here to be worth only one pound - they asked my master what he gave me as wages; he said, none - they then put the penalty on him, and gave the lady the two pounds - my master owed me a grudge - and he said to me, in a day or two "Bring me the box;" and I said, I could not, on my honour, but I would pay him ten shillings a week; and on the Saturday fortnight he abused me - one word brought up another, and next night he sent for an officer, and I was taken into custody - it is done for spite and malice.
COURT to W. M'DOWALL. Q. Is it true that you saw the box that night? A. No - not till the Monday after we had been to Essex-street; when I saw a box and a gold bracelet, which the lady said she had bought in France - but I did not know it was the same box till afterwards, when we were quarrelling, and I discharged him. I applied for a warrant at Bow-street, as he threatened to give me a leaden pill, and all those kind of bravadoes.
COURT to ELIZABETH NORRIS. Q. Was there a gold bracelet in your box? A. Yes - which I had bought in France.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I apprehended him in Shoreditch; he said something about his master accusing him of it - but he cared nothing about that; - he did not say any thing about his master having known of it - he denied it altogether.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
