





1820. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 2 counterpanes, value 8s.; 1 telescope, value 3s.; 1 flute, value 4s.; 2 coats, value 12s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 2s.; 1 set of bed-furniture, value 12s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 2 waistcoats, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Daniels
               




            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a porter; I live in Southampton-row, Camden-town


, in the house of Henry Daniels. On the 7th of August, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming home, and saw a man at the door; I went up, and asked what he wanted - he said Daniels; I said he was not at home; I then went in, and saw the prisoner in the passage - the other man called to him, "There is none of them at home." I went up stairs, and found the doors were open - I came out to look for Daniels, but could not find him. I returned, and found the prisoner and the other man in Daniels' room, packing the things up - I forced into the room, and took the prisoner; he struggled, and got from me - the other man ran out; Peckard caught the prisoner - I am sure he is the man - they were putting the property into bags.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PECKARD
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood. I heard an alarm given by Harris, and caught the prisoner, who was running without a hat; I brought him back, and asked where his hat was; he said he had left it in the room - it was found there, and he owned it.



                  JOSEPH 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a patrol, and received him in charge.
HENRY DANIELS. This is my property, I had left it in the drawers.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
