






426. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January

, 2 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 7 half-crowns, 16 shillings, and 5 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  William 
                  Randall
               





            ; and that he had been 


               convicted of felony at the Session, held at the Old Bailey, on the 17th of April, in the 3d year of his Majesty's reign


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I live in Long-alley, Sun-street



. I did not know the prisoner till he came to me on the 14th of January, between one and two o'clock, to order four Spanish wood bedsteads for a West India order; I keep an open shop - there was nobody but myself in the shop; he asked me the price of four which were in the shop - they came to 24l. 10s.; he said they were to be very carefully packed and delivered at the West India Docks, to Captain Wilson - the packing was to be 12s. more; he said he would write out an invoice on the day I took them to the Docks - he said Captain Wilson was very busily engaged, and if I did not see him, I need not fear having my money, for the Captain would be on 'Change or Cornhill, and I was to meet him the same day, at four o'clock, at the Jerusalem Coffee-house- I went and met him coming out of the coffee-house; he said Captain Wilson was very busily engaged in the Committee-room at Lloyd's; he took me over there - he had desired me to bring the difference of a 30l. note with me, which I did: when he got me into the passage at Lloyd's, he said on the stairs, "Have you got the bill?" I said Yes- he said, "Then give it to me, as the Captain is busily engaged in the Committee-room, you cannot see him;" I gave him the bill - he said, "You wait here, and I will go and see the Captain - I will be back in a minute or two;" he came back in about ten minutes, and said, "Have you got the change for a 30l. note? I said, "I don't think I have, but the bankers are all open, and I know a banker's where I can get it if you will give me the note;" he said that would not do, I could go home and get it: I put my hand into my pocket and gave him 4l. 16s. - he said that would do, and he would call in the morning for the 2s.: he had a quantity of papers in his hands, and was writing with a pencil; he took the change and took no notice about the 30l. note, but turned round on his heels, and was walking away; I tapped him on the shoulder and said, "Where is the 30l. note?" - he said, "God bless me. I will fetch it in a minute, I was going for it;" I began to suspect then, and told him so - he said he could be trusted with 500l.; he was going away and I said, "Mind you are not gone long;" he said, "I cannot be long," I at last said, "I won't let you go, I will have my money back;" he did not wish to give it me back - I collared him, and said he should not go, I would go to Captain Wilson with him; he said they would not allow me in there - he never took me to Captain Wilson; he struggled a good deal, but I kept hold of him. I have heard nothing more about the bedsteads; the money consisted of two sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns - I insisted upon having it from him, or I would take him be- the Lord Mayor; he said, "Oh, nonsense," but at last I said I must have my money back, and then there could be no harm in letting him go - he gave me my money, and I gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge; I knew him before - he begged of me to let him go; he said nothing to the charge - I have a certificate of his conviction in 1822: I took him into custody then and heard him tried - he is the very person who was tried by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Edward
               



             Hewitt. (Certificate read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Life
            .
