





1282. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 224 lbs., of sugar, value 5l. 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Fleet-market. On the 1st of May the prisoner came to my shop with two samples of sugar, and asked what price I should charge him; I showed him four samples - he fixed on two; 2 cwt. was packed up, with 6lbs. of tea, and another parcel of sugar - he asked if I would send somebody with it to Mr. Green's, Saffron-hill; I sent my apprentice with him with the property in a truck - he distinctly stated that the goods were to be paid for on delivery, and I told my apprentice he would have the money on delivery; I never knew the prisoner before.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Edwards.I had the sugar in the truck to go with the prisoner to Green's, Saffron-hill, and was to receive the money on delivery - master told me so in the prisoner's presence; but when we arrived at Green's the prisoner told me his name was Green, and the receipt was not meant for Green, of Saffron-hill - I handed the parcels out to the prisoner, who carried them into Green's; he told me to stand outside and watch the truck, as it was a bad neighbourhood; in a short time he came out of the shop, and said he had received the money from Green, and he would pay me the whole when he got to West-street, where he was to deliver the other two parcels of tea and sugar - he took me to the Coopers' Arms public-house, West-street; I went in with him - he said he would go and get a pen and ink to make out the bill, and I never saw him afterwards till he was at Guildhall.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He tells me he gave you a 5l. note and a sovereign, and you gave him 2s. change? A. He did not I am certain; he gave me no money, the bill of parcels was for 6lbs. of sugar - he said that was to be delivered in West-street, the others, being small parcels, I had no bills for them; I went to Green's before I went back to master, then went home directly, and told master; I had a stamped receipt in my pocket, which I brought home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
