





683. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 2 pieces of muslin, containing 16 yards in length, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        George Edward 
                        Woodhouse
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
GEORGE EDWARD WOODHOUSE. I live at the corner of Bond-street


 and Oxford-street


, and am a linen-draper
. On the 20th of March the prisoner came to the shop, and asked if a lady had been there, whom he described; I said not - he requested to wait there; he went into the back part of the shop, where he remained about twenty minutes - I did not suspect him - he then came out, and told me if the lady came I was to say he was gone to the Bazaar; the moment afterwards Mrs. Bates told me he had put something in his hat; I followed, and found two muslin dresses in his hat, which I knew to be mine; I brought him back, - he said it was the first time he had stolen any thing, and he hoped I would let him off.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. Were you there the whole time he was in the shop? A. Yes; he said he belonged to a respectable family - he did not tell me that he had bought them in the morning, but did not like to carry a bundle through the streets.


                  JAMES 
                  WELSH
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Woodhouse, I was at the back part of the shop when the prisoner came in; I understood him to inquire for two ladies; I saw him brought back again, and as soon as he came to the back shop Mr. Woodhouse desired him to take his hat off, which he did, and Mr. Woodhouse took out two dresses, which I knew; I had one of them in my hand while the prisoner was there.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he been in the shop that day before? A. No; I had been there all day - many customers had been there that day; I have lived there thirty-four years, and know almost all our customers. I can swear the prisoner never bought any dresses there that day; I never make out the bills - this bill (looking at it) is the writing of Mr. Francis, one of our shopmen.


                  CLEMENT 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Woodhouse; this bill is my writing; it is for the sale of two muslin dresses, which I sold to a lady a few days afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Who produced this bill at the Magistrate's? A. I believe the prisoner's attorney; the prisoner said he had bought two dresses that morning, and a bill was delivered to him; it is very frequently the case that one person sells goods, and another makes out the bill.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, who appeared a good deal confused - be begged I would convey him in a coach, in the genteelest way, to the office - he said it was his first offence, and he was very sorry for it. I found eight sovereigns and some shillings upon him.
Prisoner. I deny that I acknowledged any thing of the kind - I bought the goods and paid for them, in two sovereigns and a half, and received the bill at the same time. I left the bill with the servant of the lady, and desired her to call for them - she was not at home, and I went for them myself; I charged the shopman with it, but he would not recollect that I had paid him for them.
COURT to GEORGE EDWARD WOODHOUSE. Q. Is the lady here who gave you the information? A. No, she is not; no lady called at my house; the dresses are not the price that is put down in that bill; (bill read,) "Bought of Messrs. Woodhouse and Son, two chintz muslin dresses, 2l. 10s."
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
