





451. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the
6th of December
. 30lbs. weight of cheese, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isaac Watts 
                  Spencer
               




            .


                  MARTHA 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am the wife of Isaac Watts Spencer, who keeps a chandler's-shop
; a piece of cheese was taken off our counter, which I had seen safe half an hour before; I was in the parlour, and saw a person go out at the door- I ran to the door, and saw a person going down the street, with the cheese; I called Stop thief! he threw the cheese down, which a neighbour took up; he then ran away; I did not particularly notice the person, and cannot identify him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say the person had a green coat on? A. No; a young woman told me so; I did not say so - a neighbour brought in the cheese, and put it on the counter - here it is; Gibbs took it to the watch-house.


                  EDMUND 
                  SEAL
               



            . I was in a shop, in Carnaby-street, on the 6th of December, a little after five o'clock; I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran out, and saw the prisoner running, with the cheese, which he threw down, and ran off; I pursued him up two or three streets, and saw him stopped in Broad-street; I am certain of his person - I only lost sight of him in turning the corners; I was not fifteen yards off when he was stopped.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the office, that you saw me come out of the shop? A. I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I heard an alarm, ran out, and came up with the prisoner; he struck me, and got away; I came up with him again in Poland-street; he took up a pair of milk-yokes, and swore he would smash the first person who came near him; I ran up, and seized one arm; another person took hold of the other.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAMET
               



            . I live with Mr. Downs, a publican. I was collecting pots in Broad-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and others after him; I stopped him - he got away, and ran into Poland-street; he took a yoke from a milkman's shoulders, and said he would smash the first man who came near him; he struck me several times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NADAULD
               



            . I was at the watch-house; I produce the cheese, which was brought in by Gibbs.
Prisoner. I certainly did take hold of the yoke.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
