





THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17.
First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
517. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Molloy
                     




                  , in an open field, near the King's highway, on the 31st of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 seal, value 2s., and 1 key, value 1s.
            , his property.
THOMAS MOLLOY. I have been a pilot, and now belong to the Trinity alms-houses
. On the 31st of August, at twelve o'clock in the day, I was walking through Bishop Bonner's field, at Bethnal-green


, and all of a sudden two men rushed upon me, one on each side, and the one on the right snatched at my watch; the ribbon broke, and they got the seal and key - they ran off with them: I saw but two men - neither of them held me; I called Stop thief! two or three men ran up, and asked if I had been ill-used, and asked my address, which I gave them - I cannot say how either of the men who robbed me were dressed. I was so flurried I cannot say whether I put my hand down to protect my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not the prisoner taken before the Magistrate in December, on this charge? A. I believe he was there in December - I do not know whether he was discharged.


                  JAMES 
                  PURSER
               



            . I live on my property, at Bethnalgreen. On the 31st of August I was close to Bishop Bonner's field, and saw the prisoner and five others; I watchedthem for a quarter of an hour, at the bottom of the north side - they were sitting and tossing on the grass, about three hundred yards from where the prosecutor was robbed; they were all in company together - I am positive the prisoner was one - I had seen him a hundred times before. In about a quarter of an hour they all got up, and came close past me - I watched them, and when opposite some buildings in Bonner's field the whole six changed their dresses; three took their coats and hats off, and gave to the others - three then went round to the left - the other three remained opposite the buildings, and in about two minutes the three returned to the others, and then changed dresses again. The prisoner was one of the six, but I cannot say whether he was one who went round the building; when they came back there was a cry of Stop thief! and I ascertained that Molloy was robbed; I took his address. I was in front of the buildings, and the robbery was committed behind, within fifty yards of where they changed dresses.
Cross-examined. Q. You will not say that the prisoner went behind the building? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. On the 31st of August, about twelve o'clock, I was close by Bonner's field, and saw six persons crossing the field; I saw Molloy turn down the side of Bonner's buildings; the six all followed him; three laid down in the grass, and changed dresses - three then went round to the left, to meet Molloy- the other three got up in a few minutes, and turned to the right hand; I heard a call of Stop thief! and saw the whole six running away together, within a minute or two of my hearing the cry; Molloy was robbed not more than thirty yards from where they changed dresses. The prisoner was one of the six, and one of those who went round the building, meeting Molloy.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you at Worship-street in December? A. I believe it was in December that the prisoner was there, but no witness being there but Molloy, he was liberated, and taken again in two or three days.


                  LEWIS 
                  MYERSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 31st of August I was close by Bonner's fields, and saw Molloy; I saw six persons divide themselves; three stood on one side the buildings, and the other three went on the other side, but by the time I got up the robbery was committed- the three who went behind the buildings came to those in front; I saw them change their dresses both before and after the robbery.
Cross-examined. Q. What were the three doing behind the building? A. I cannot say - I saw them come back in a very few minutes, and the robbery was then done; I was about one hundred yards off at first - they changed their dresses before I got up - they changed them the second time while they were running. I know the prisoner was in custody at Worship-street, and was at liberty for a day or two after that.


                  PHILIP 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I apprehended the prisoner on the 31st of December, in Church-street, Bethnal-green.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you present at his first examination? A. He was examined on a Monday, remanded till Wednesday, and then discharged. The Magistrate sent word to me to apprehend him again, but somebody else took him on the Thursday night, I believe.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
