






1236. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 set of chaise-harness, value 5l.; 2 pairs of traces, value 12s., and 3 hames, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Vickery 
                  Broughton
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I live at Harlesdon-green, on the Harrow-road; I work for Mr. Pipe, a farmer. About nine o'clock, on the 13th of April, I was making a hedge- I went to work after breakfast, and saw the two prisoners on the dung-hill; I did not know them before, but they are the men; I went nearly close to them, and saw each of them take a basket on his shoulder, and go away; I had left my tools there, and I thought they had taken them - but they had taken the harness out of a hole there; my master came across the field, and told me to go after them; I did not, but they came back soon after, and with the same two baskets; my master then told me to follow them, and he would come on a horse; I went after them- I lost sight of Smith, basket and all, but I took Johnson, and found in his basket two pairs and a half of hames, a collar, and two pairs of traces; my master asked where he got it; he said the other man gave him half-a-crown to help him; we took him to the Plough public-house at Kensall-green, and there the harness was owned by Mr. Broughton.


                  HENRY 
                  CROOT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. John Vickery Broughton; this is his harness; I saw it safely locked up in the stables at one o'clock on Sunday morning; I missed it at seven o'clock; the lock of the stable was broken off, and the horses were loose; the harness was brought to the public-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIPE
               



            . Arnold is in my service; I pursued the two prisoners; I saw Smith turn out of the road, and I pursued him - he threw down this basket in a field by the side of the towing-path; we took both baskets and both men - Johnson did not run, but Smith did.


                  JAMES 
                  HABGOOD
               



            . I am a milkman, and live at Kensall-green. I was called to assist, and found the prisoners in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners, and produce the property.
The prisoners jointly put in a written defence, stating that they had gone to the dung-hill on Sunday for worms to angle with, and found the harness, which they agreed to fetch on the Monday, and dispose of.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
