





1177. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     NETTLEFOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, one basket, value 1 s., and seven gallons of plumbs, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Roberts
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a widow
. On the 21st of August, I had a fruit-stall
 in Shoreditch


, and a little after ten o'clock, I lost a basket containing about seven gallons of plumbs. I found the basket at the office in about an hour.
Prisoner. Q. Do not you know that I sell plumbs in the street - A. Sometimes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOULTON REEVES
               



            . I am a newsman. I was in the Curtain-road, about 200 yards from this stand, about half-past ten o'clock, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I went up, and saw a mob round the prisoner; he threw down this basket, and the plumbs fell out - they were dark plumbs. He said, he would be taken by no man, and used very bad expressions; he then went and laid himself down at a door in Holywell-lane, and with great difficulty I got him to the office. He said I could not hang him, but only send him back to where he came from, and he wished he had a knife to stick into our eyes.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am an officer. A little before half-past ten o'clock, I was in the Antelope, public-house, and saw the prisoner there with a basket half full of plumbs; he asked me to buy some - he was selling them at 3 d. a quart. I went to the City-road, returned in a quarter of an hour, and he was taken up - he seemed in liquor. The basket was exactly like that produced.



                  WILLIAM 
                  WALL
               



            . I saw the prisoner come by my door with a basket like this. I do not know what was in it.
(Basket produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them at market.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
