






146. 
               
                  CHARLES BOWLES 
                  LEA
               




             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, 66lbs. weight of lead, value 12s.
            , the goods of the 
               
Governors of the London Hospital




            ; against the Statute.
MR. CHURCHHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TOTHILL
               



            . I am engineer at the London-hospital


. I found part of the gutter taken away on Sunday, the 4th of November; I went and told the Governors, and they set me and Brown to watch that night - and about eleven o'clock, we thought it not right to stop any longer; we went, and told the watchman to watch: he went off at six - at five we went again, and waited till near half-past six, when Brown said it was not worth while to wait any longer; soon afterwards, Lea came, and made a jump on the wall, and jumped on the parapet; I let him alone for about a quarter of an hour, then I thought he had been there long enough; I jumped on the wall, and he jumped down - I saw no more of him till he was taken; I did not see Pearce at all; Lea was cutting a sheet of lead with this knife - when he jumped down, the knife fell from his hand; some lead had been carried away on the Saturday night.


                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was with Tothill - what he has stated is correct.


                  JAMES 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I received Lea from Brown in the passage of the hospital; I know nothing of Pearce.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I apprehended Pearce - he was pointed out to me on the Wednesday after the robbery, by one of the witnesses.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCAVIOR
               



            . On the Saturday night, between six and seven o'clock, I saw Lea at the top of the hospital; Pearce and another man were there - two gentlemen were coming along, and I heard Pearce say bob, and Lea laid down; I am quite sure they are the men - I saw Lea let a hamper down, with something heavy in it; Lea said, "Shall I let it down with a rope." he said No - then he threw it down, and Lea got down; Pearce and the other man lifted it on Lea's head. and he took it off; the officer came to my house on the Sunday afternoon, and I told him.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKEL
               



            . I was there on the Saturday night with Scavior - I saw the same as he did; what he has stated is correct.
MR. LAING. I am solicitor to the London-hospital. The Governors are incorporated by Act of Parliament: they are called in the charter, the Governors of the London-hospital.
LEA'S Defence. I left work at six o'clock, and went home to tea; these boys have forsworn themselves.
LEA - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
