





1256. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  M'COY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, one pair of trowsers, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HULL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Harrison
               



            , a pawnbroker
, who lives in Tottenham-court-road


. On the 10th of September, between eight and ten o'clock, these trowsers were stolen off the counter.


                  CHARLES 
                  PERRY
               



            . On the 10th of September, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my master's shop, (Mr. Hulm, of Museum-street,) and offered to pawn these trowsers for 7 s., my master said they were stolen; he said it was no such thing, that they were his father's who lived in Dudley-court - he persisted in saying so; we said we would send for the beadle, he said we might do so in welcome; he wanted to go with the boy for the beadle, but we kept him, he then said he lived in Lassells-court, he tried to get out, I held him, he beat and kicked me - an officer came and took him.


                  JOHN 
                  RICE
               



            . I took him in charge; he told me at the watch-house, that he stole them from Glass-house-yard, we went there, they missed nothing.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A woman came up to me in Church-lane, and asked me to pawn them, and offered me sixpence. I said, "If they ask any questions, I will say they are my father's."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
