






1249. 
               
                  MARY 
                  GANNON
               




             and 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  COLLINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, 28 yards of printed cotton, value 1l. 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Ashdown
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
WILLIAM ASHDOWN. I am a linen-draper
, and live in the Commercial-road


. The two prisoners came together to my shop between seven and eight o'clock in the evening of the 22d of May; they appeared to be friends - they wanted to look at some prints, which my young man showed them - they bought a yard and a half of one; their conduct excited my suspicion, but I did not see them take anything. Soon after they left I went out, and met my young man returning with them, and one of the prints which had been shown them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am the shopman. A young man, who is not here, served the prisoners; I was opposite to them, on the other side of the counter; they bought a yard and a half of print, and paid Mr. Ashdown for it; they then went out - I followed them about twenty yards from the shop, then went up to them, and saw part of the print hanging down under the dress of Collins; I said,"You have got some print out of the shop;" she denied it, but I insisted she should return, which she did, and in coming back she dropped it; I took it up - there were twenty-eight yards of it; the piece they bought was found on them.
GANNON'S Defence. That person is telling a great falsity; he did not take it from her at all. I went to buy a bit of print; we had taken the print to the door to look at the colour, as it was rather dark; he came and said we were going to steal some.
GANNON - GUILTY. Aged 22.
COLLINS - GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
