





267. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Templar
                     




                  , on the 15th of December
, and stealing 21bs. of beef, value 3s.; 1 desk, value 3s.; 1 watch, value 12s.; 1 snuff-box, value 2d., and 5s. 1 1/2d. in copper monies
            , his property.
CHARLES TEMPLAR. I keep the Pied Horse public-house, in the parish of St. Luke's, Middlesex




. On the morning of the 16th of December, (I believe) I got up about six o'clock, and found a large piece of beef, which I had cut, laid on the counter in the bar - I had left it in a small sitting-room adjoining the bar, and saw it between twelve and one o'clock the night before, when I retired to rest - I went to bed last. I found the till open, which I had locked previous to going to bed, and a false key in the lock - it was pulled out, and 8s. or 10s. in copper missing; I then went into the parlour and missed a large desk, which had a silver watch with a ribbon to it, locked up in it - it was safe the last thing at night; I found the tap-room window partly open - the sash had been thrown up; it was down just before I went to bed - there is no fastening to it, but it was closed; it is on the ground floor - I saw footmarks of dirty shoes on the seat inside the window; I then traced the footsteps across the paved yard, and over the wall into the yard of Mr. Alexander adjoining my house, over a shed and an out-house; I saw a pair of stockings lying in a cupboard adjoining the bar - the cupboard was a little open; the stockings were not mine - the prisoner lodged in my house for three weeks, and we expected that night that he had retired to bed before we did; we had seen him in the tap-room about half-past ten or eleven o'clock that night: the watch was worth about 12s.; I missed a snuff-box, which was found on the prisoner - I did not miss it at the time I missed the other things; I had shut the tap-room door when I went to bed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEERS
               



            . I lodged at the Pied Horse, but was not in the house at the time this happened; I was there on the Monday evening, but did not sleep there that night - Mr. Templar produced a pair of stockings to me; they were the prisoner's - I have seen him wearing them: I saw him between one and two o'clock on the 16th against Mr. Dixon's gateway, in Barbican; I asked him how he could be so sly as to do what he had at the Pied Horse; he asked what I meant - I asked if he had not heard of what had happened at the Pied Horse; he said No - he went with me to the Pied Horse, and we kept him there till he was taken into custody.



                  THOMAS 
                  SLATER
               



            . I was waiter at the Pied Horse, and was present when the prisoner was taken by the officer; I was in the tap-room and saw a pair of stockings taken off his feet - he was wearing them; they belonged to me and were marked with my initials - I do not know where be got them; I had seen them last on the Sunday before - they were in my room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was sent for to the Pied Horse, on the 16th of December, and took the prisoner into custody, about two o'clock; in his waist-coat pocket I found a watch-ribbon, which I produce - I then asked him where the watch was; he hesitated for a few seconds, and then pointed under the seat where he had been sitting, and said, "There it is;" I found it there, and the snuff-box was with it - I have a stocking and some farthings, which were given to me by some person in the tap-room: they had searched him before I came in: a key, which fitted the till, was given to me by the landlord.


                  JAMES 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I have a pair of stockings, which I received on Tuesday morning, about ten o'clock, from the landlord; the prisoner owned them when he was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an ostler to Mr. Alexander, whose premises join the Pied Horse. I found a desk in his yard about nine o'clock on the morning of the robbery, in one of the stalls of the stable, covered with straw - I carried it in directly; this is the desk: I saw footmarks on the cistern, close to the wall, which separates our yard from the prosecutor's.


                  CHARLES 
                  TEMPLAR
               



            . This is my desk, in which the watch was locked; the watch and other property is mine- I found the key, which I showed to the officer, in the desk.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               Stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
