






703. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILKIE
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  AYLESWORTH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 1 piece of silk handkerchief, value 20s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Barker
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARKER
               



            . I live in Edgeware-road


, and am a haberdasher. On the evening of the 17th of January, about 7 o'clock, two boys alarmed me - I missed a piece of handkerchiefs off a bar, four feet inside the shop; they were safe five minutes before: Charles Barker is owner of the shop
 - I had been into the kitchen.
Prisoner AYLESWORTH. Q. Did you not say at the office, that you took Wilkie into your shop? A. I went out and brought a lad in, who I thought was Wilkie; and while I fetched a boy to recognize him he was gone.


                  EDMOND 
                  IMBER
               



            . I know the prisoners by seeing them several times about the Edgeware-road; on the evening of Thursday, on the 17th of January, I saw Wilkie come up to Mr. Barker's door, and go in on his hands and knees - Aylesworth was standing at the window; Wilkie snatched down a length of something - I could not see what; he came out and they ran away - I alarmed the people in the shop, and saw the prisoners at the office on the Saturday.


                  HENRY 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I know the prisoners. On the 17th of January, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw them standing at Barker's door - Aylesworth stood at the window; Wilkie went into the shop on his hands and knees, and pulled down a long length of something - they ran away; I am certain they are the boys.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I received a description, and took the prisoners on the 19th, but found no goods on them.
WILKIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AYLESWORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 17.




               Confined Two Month
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
