





889. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PECK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 1 hog, price 4l.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Loader
               




            .
WILLIAM LOADER. I live at Finchampstead, Berks


. I fat pigs to kill for myself; this hog weighed about eight score pounds; I kept it in a sty; I saw it last on Thursday, the 15th of March, safe in the sty, close to my dwelling-house; at 6 o'clock next morning it was gone; I traced the footsteps of two persons and a hog, for eight or nine miles, to Wingfield; there then appeared the marks of donkey's feet and a donkey-cart, and of one man, who seemed to have been leading the donkey; I traced the cart about three miles, to Bishopsgate; we then heard it had gone on; we came to Egham, about eight miles from Hounslow, we then met the prisoner returning towards us, in a donkey-cart; we told him he was the man we had been looking for; he said, "What for?" I said we had lost a pig, and tracked it; he said another man came to his house, and hired him to carry the pig to Brentford for him, but the donkey and cart was his own; that he kept it to do jobs for any body; we asked where he had left the hog; he said the other man sold it at Hounslow; that he drew down the Lion and Lamb public-house yard, and there unloaded it; that he was going home, and the other man had come back with him to Egham; we went on to Hounslow, inquired at two or three public-houses; an ostler went with him, and we found the pig at Shervill's; the prisoner had not mentioned Shervill's name.


                  ROBERT 
                  GILLAM
               



            . I live at Cranford-bridge. On the morning of the 16th I saw two men and a donkey-cart come through Hounslow with a pig; they went down to Shervill, and sold it to him, then came to the Lion and Lamb yard and had some porter and steaks; they wanted Shervill, to stand a pot - he said No, he thought he had had a hard bargain with the pig, as he gave 3l. 7s. for it; I know the prisoner was one of the men; I should know the other if I saw him.


                  JAMES 
                  SHERVILL
               



            . I live at Hounslow, and deal in pork. The prisoner, in company with another person, sold me a pig; they brought it in a donkey-cart; they were both strangers to me; the prisoner was the first who came to me, and he gave me the price of it, and took an active part in it, till the other came up; and the other sold it to me for 3l. 7s. I would not have given 2s. 6d. more to a neighbour; it weighed fifteen stone and a half; I afterwards showed the same hog to Loader.


                  JAMES 
                  DEARLOVE
               



            . I live at Wingfield, Berks. On the 16th of March, about half-past twelve o'clock, my master said my brother-in-law had lost his pig; I went with my brother-in-law to Staines, and met the prisoner with the cart.


                  JAMES 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am foreman of the works at Windsor-forest. I saw the prisoner on the 15th, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, with another man, I thought they were coming for work, and said Halloo! the prisoner hung down his head and said nothing; this was about four miles and a half from Loader's house - I do not know who the other man was.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I live at Hounslow. I killed this pig before the prosecutor came.
COURT to J. SHERVILL. Q. How long did you keep the pig before it was killed? A. Three or four hours - I do not always kill them so soon, but this was a killing day - if it had come on another day I should have kept it most likely; it was bruised, but I did not know that till after it was killed.


                  JOHN 
                  FINAL COOK
               



            . I am a constable of Isleworth. I went in pursuit of the prisoner above one hundred miles, and found him in custody.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had been hired by the other man to carry the pig.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
