






737. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BALCHIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GARDNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROCK
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane. On the 31st of March, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the evening, I was going along Barbican


; a gentleman gave me information, and on turning round, I saw the prisoners about a yard from me. One of them had my handkerchief - I did not feel it taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. On Wednesday, the 3d of March, about half past eight o'clock at night, I was in Barbican, and saw the two prisoners attempt a gentleman's pocket; they did not succeed. About two minutes after they crossed over to the prosecutor. I saw them attempt his pocket several times; and at the end of Golden-lane, Balchin got the handkerchief quite out, and gave it to Gardner. I went over; when they saw us they ran up Whitecross-street. I took Balchin, and Keys took Gardner.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Jordan, and saw the prisoners attempting pockets. I saw Balchin take the handkerchief, and give it to Gardner, whom I took, and told him to keep his hands from his pockets, and just as we went into a public house, I saw him drop the handkerchief - Coulton took it up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I am a constable. Keys's account is correct - I saw Gardner drop it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BALCHIN'S Defence. I never saw it.
BALCHIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
GARDNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
