





285. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MADDOCKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, five live tame pigeons, price 7 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bass
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BASS
               



            . I had five pigeons in a loft, adjoining my house, in Worship-street


. On the night of the 9th of January, I missed them. The next morning, I informed Walton, and about four o'clock in the afternoon, Brown brought the prisoner down, and I found two pigeons, (looks at them) they are mine.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  SINFIELD
               



            . I saw the prisoner at a cook-shop, in Wheeler-street; he asked where I was going, and asked where I was going, and asked if I was in a hurry, I said,
"No;" he asked me to accompany him, to sell some pigeons of his own. I went with him to the corner of Club-row; he had a bag, out of which he gave me two pigeons. I sold them to Winsor. I came out of the shop, and took three pigeons in a bag to Sturgess, by his desire.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STURGESS
               



            . I live in Anchor-street. Sinfield brought me three pigeons on the 9th of January, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning. I gave him half a crown for them. I put them into a wooden cage, separate from my others, and in the afternoon Brown came and took them away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I received two pigeons from Sturgess. I met the prisoner in the street, and took him. Bass described them before he saw them. The other person had sold the other two.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
