





150. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, one portmanteau, value 1 s.; one coat, value 2 s.; one waistcoat, value 7 s.; one pair of breeches, value 4 s.; one shirt, value 2 s.; one pair of shoes, value 2 s.; one pair of braces, value 6 d., and 2 s. in monies numbered
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Cobb
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COBB
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Vine-street, Westminster


. I got up about six o'clock in the morning, and left my clothes in my room - the prisoner slept in my room. I was fetched from work, and found him at Queen-square, with them.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWBERY
               



            . About half-past seven o'clock in the morning, as I was turning the corner of Wood-street, into Millbank-street, I met the prisoner with the portmanteau, two women were running after him, they said he had stolen it. I called to him to stop, which he did, then threw the things down and ran away. I secured him, and brought him to Vine-street. He took out a knife, and said he would cut his throat, if Mrs. King did not forgive him.


                  ESTHER 
                  KING
               



            . About half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I heard a man go down stairs, looked out, and saw the prisoner with the portmanteau; another woman and I ran after him up Millbank-street - he was stopped, and begged for mercy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I found the shoes in his jacket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
