






1028. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LOW
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 80 lbs. of lead, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Hugh 
                  M'Intosh
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  M'Intosh
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer, and was in Piccadilly on the 23d of April; about three o'clock in the afternoon I saw the two prisoners on the opposite side of the way in conversation with each other. Low had something on his shoulder; from their manner I suspected something wrong; they went into the Green-park, and when they came to one of the benches they laid it down to rest; I went up and turned up the corner of the canvass and said,
"What have you got here?" It was about 80 lbs. of lead; they made no reply; I took them into custody, and put them in the watch-house, and then went down Piccadilly and saw Condon, who went with me to the watch-house and saw the lead.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CONDON
               



            . I work for Messrs. Hugh and James M'Intosh, who are contractors and builders

; they have some work carrying on in Engine-street, Piccadilly


; they had a pig of lead there; it was safe about two or three o'clock; I missed it about half an hour or three-quarters of an hour before it was found; I believe this is the lead.
LOW'S Defence. I was returning from the barracks; I met the other prisoner; we saw a man put this lead down; he asked us to carry it from him; and in the meantime the officer came and took us.
WILSON'S Defence. I have only to say the same.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LOW - GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined Two Months
            .
