





603. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bogue
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .



                  JOHN 
                  BOGUE
               



            , ESQ. I live in Great James-street. On the 8th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in Skinner-street


 towards the City. I perceived I had lost my handkerchief, and at the same time a man came up and said the thief was taken. I found the prisoner in custody with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a broker, and live at Battle-bridge. I was coming up Holborn, and saw the prisoner in company with a little lad very genteelly dressed, and about thirteen years old. I watched them. The prosecutor went into a shop in Holborn, and they waited about twenty minutes at the shop till he came out - (they sat on a cart at the door), they then followed him to Skinner-street, and I saw the prisoner several times put the lad before him, and point to the pocket. When they came nearly to the top of the street he pushed the lad towards the prosecutor, and I rather think he struck the lad; the prisoner went up, took the handkerchief out himself, and put it under his coat - I was watching them on the other side. The prisoner crossed the road, and ran towards me; I stopped him, took it from under his coat, and sent a gentleman to inform Mr. Bogue, who claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
