





855. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, two chairs, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Shew
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SHEW
               



            . I am an auctioneer
, and live at the corner of Gate-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields


. On the 26th of June two chairs were stolen from my passage, and two others had been stolen about six weeks before.


                  MATTHEW 
                  ASH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Shew. About twelve o'clock in the morning a lady came and gave me information; I missed the chairs, I had seen them an hour before.


                  HARRIET 
                  HEMENS
               



            . My husband is a broker. On the 26th of January, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my house in Nottingham-court, Holborn - I immediately sent for Mr. Shew, as I knew him to be the man who stole the first two chairs; I also sent for an officer, and detained him with assistance. He struck me, and threatened to send my head through the wall if I did not loose him. He had at this time brought two chairs up the court to my house, and wanted 5 s. each for them. I gave one of them into my lodger's hands - the prisoner immediately took the other, and was going to run off with it, but I secured him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man named Harding, whom I knew three years ago, met me, and asked where he could sell these chairs, and told me to dispose of them for him - the woman said they were stolen, and I was going to look for Harding, but she detained me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 62.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
