





1730. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  QUITTENTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of August
, 6 yards of ribbon, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hall
               




            .
WILLIAM HALL. I am a linen draper and haberdasher
; I live in Marshal-street, Golden-square


. I was in the parlour adjoining my shop, on 23d of August; my daughter gave me information - I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner looking into the drawer, and pretending to look for a pattern - she then said, she would go and tell the person it was for; I got between her and the door, and as she was going out, my daughter said, "I will thank you for that piece of ribbon" - she said, she had none; I saw her take the ribbon from her pocket, and go to put it into the drawer, but my daughter turned the paper over the drawer, and prevented her putting it in - I had not seen it in the drawer that day, but I know it to be mine by the private-mark on it.


                  JANE 
                  HALL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. The prisoner came on the 23d of August, and I saw her take one piece of ribbon out of the first drawer and put it into her pocket; I do not think she knew I saw her, because she was shewing me a pattern at the time my father came into the shop - I told her before him that she had taken a piece of ribbon - she said she had not; she said she had no pocket - my father went round the counter, and she took it out of her pocket, and tried to put it down, but I caught it in my hand.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner; I asked her name and address - she refused to give any account of herself; I attempted to search her, but she would not allow it - I asked her to pull off her pocket - she said, she had no pocket; but she afterwards pulled out her pocket, and there was a purse with seven duplicates in it - when we got to the office, she stated she lived at Hammersmith with some gentleman, which I knew was the truth; I found the ribbon on the counter.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I said I wanted about two yards and a half of ribbon to match a pattern; the little girl showed me some - I said "This won't do; it is not thickenough" - she then said she would call her father; I still had one piece in my hand, and said it was not thick enough - he knocked it out of my hand; it was not in my pocket, and never was there - he said, he dared to say I had many other ribbons about me, but I had not; the officer came, and was going to search me, when I pulled out my pocket - I never took the ribbon off the counter, I had it in my hand, when he came and made use of an oath and said he had lost ribbons, and I should pay for all; I rented a house of Mr. Hudson eighteen years, but he is dead.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you knock the ribbon out of her hand? A. No, I did not; I saw her take it from her pocket.
JANE HALL re-examined. Q. Did your father say he had lost a great many ribbons, and she should pay for all? A. No, I never heard it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
