






675. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GRIFFITH
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, a handkerchief, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Burgh 
                        Lewis
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William Ryland 
                        Lewis
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  MIDDLEDITCH
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Thomas Burgh Lewis. I know this handkerchief, it was made by my mistress; I put it round the child's neck on the morning of the 29th of March, and took him out walking with me; his name is William Ryland Lewis - as we came back, the two men took it, as I suppose, from off his neck.


                  ROBERT 
                  TEASDALE
               



            . I am headborough of Somer's-town. I saw the two prisoners about one o'clock; I watched them about the town, and saw Smith take the handkerchief from the child's neck; Griffith stood to cover him from the sight of the people passing - Smith put it into his hat and ran down a court with Griffith; I followed and took them in about a quarter of hour - I took Griffith, and Waddington took Smith; I tied them together, and took the handkerchief from an area, where I saw Smith throw it.
GRIFFITH'S Defence. I came down the street, and saw a great mob - I ran like the rest - this man came up and stopped me, and said I was one of the gang.

Prisoner SMITH to WADDINGTON. Q. Did you see me touch the handkerchief? Yes, I saw you take it from the child's neck and put it into your hat.
SMITH'S Defence. As I was going down Smith-street, I saw some persons ran; I run to see what was the matter - I saw two men running, and the officer came and said, I was the person who took the handkerchief - but I know nothing of it; the officer said, if this would not send me out of the country, he would say I had threatened his life.
TEASDALE. It is no such thing.
Two persons gave Griffith a good character, and one appeared in favour of Smith.
GRIFFITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
