





395. 
               
                  FRANCIS EDWARD 
                  COURTENAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, a bag, value 6 d., and 28 lbs. of coffee, value 40 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Travers
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Travers
               



            .
2d COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  PRIOR
               



            . I am a carman to Messrs. John and Joseph Travers, of St. Swithin's-lane. On the 28th of January, about four o'clock, I had 28 lbs. of coffee of their's, to take to Mr. Wm. Williams, in Brick-lane, Old-street; it was in the front of the waggon, on the near side - it was safe when I was in Bunhill-row. I did not stop on the way. The waggon was covered in front, except where the coffee was. I was crossing Old-street


 to Bath-street; I was by the side of the horses, and saw the bag moving; I stopped, and let the waggon go on: I looked in at the tail, and saw the prisoner with the bag in his hand, which he had drawn two yards from the place where I placed it; I said, "Halloo! what are you after there?" he made no answer, but let go, and jumped out of the waggon at the tail. I collared him, and he struck me. I gave him to an officer.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner with the bag, which then had 28 lbs. of coffee in it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WALKER
               



            . On the 28th of January I saw the waggon loaded with this coffee, and other things.


                  JOHN 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Travers. I marked the bag, and saw it put into the waggon.
Prisoner's Defence. I was rather intoxicated, and jumped into the waggon to have a ride - the carman came, and cut me with the whip, and used me very ill.
Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
