





Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
518. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BENN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 32 lbs. of lead, value 3s. the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Scambler
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his, against the statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, for ripping and cutting the said lead with intent to steal it.
HENRY SCAMBLER. I live in Bishopsgate-street Without.
On the 24th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening I came home, and the officer gave me information. The building in question is in Half Moon-street, Bishopsgate


, and belongs to me: the lead covered some stabling there. I went next morning, examined the stabling, and found a large piece of lead cut off the gutter, and moved a little distance from where it had been fixed: the prisoner is a perfect stranger to me - I found him in custody. I keep livery stables.


                  HENRY 
                  MERRETT
               



            . I am a trunk-maker, my premises adjoin Mr. Scambler's. On the 24th of January, a little after six o'clock, I was alarmed by my dog barking; he was fastened up to a place: I went backwards and saw the prisoner on a parapet of Mr. Scambler's stables, fifteen or sixteen feet from the ground: it was rather dark, I called to him, seeing him in a stooping position: he made no answer, but went further on to hide himself. I said if he did not come down I would fetch him; he then came scrambling down the tiles, I called to my son, and he was secured, as he dropped from the tiles; his arm was entangled in his coat, so that he could not extricate himself. We secured him, and found nothing on him; we sent for a constable and gave him in charge: I got a ladder, went on the stable with a light, and found a quantity of lead cut from the main gutter, and rolled up in 3 pieces; it weighed 32lbs.; the edges appeared bright - it could not have been cut many minutes, for the boards under it were quite dry. He begged to be let go, and said he had been told by somebody to go there, and get lead as he was out of work, and if I would let him go, he would tell the truth.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Merrett, I went on the tiles with him, and saw the lead cut in the state he had described.


                  EDWARD 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am a constable, the prisoner was delivered into my charge, with the lead just fresh cut; I suppose it was cut with a knife and then torn off, but I found no knife upon him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
