





1345. 
               
                  ADAM 
                  HALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 gold seals, value 1l.,; 1 gold key, value 7s.; 2 jackets, value 1l. 10s.; 4 shirts, value 12s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lindsay
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JANE 
                  LINDSAY
               



            . I am the wife of John Lindsay; he is at sea; our house is No. 24, Farmer-street, Shadwell


. On the 7th of April I went out at five o'clock in the afternoon, and left the prisoner, who was my lodger, in care of the premises; I left my property all secure in the back parlour - I returned after ten o'clock; I knocked at the door, but could get no admittance; I went to Mr. Jones, the publican, who got in backwards, and let me in; I then missed the property stated - it was worth more than 7l.; I have found a pair of trousers and a shirt at the pawnbroker's; the prisoner was taken on the Monday following.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. How long had your husband been gone? A. About six weeks; I had no other lodgers; he is a Greenwich pensioner
 - I knew I could find him at Mr. Smith's, an agent, in St. Maryaxe; I left a gallon and a half of rum and shrub in my room.


                  SOPHIA 
                  LARDEN
               



            . The prisoner brought me this shirt and pair of trousers the beginning of April; I pawned them for him for 4s., and he gave me 4d.; I had not known him before.
Cross-examined. Q. In whose name did you pawn them? A. My own; I do not know the prosecutrix's servant - I saw her at Hicks's-hall, but did not ask her to point out the prisoner, for I knew him: he gave me a glass of gin.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor, being left with a decanter three parts full of rum - I do not know what I did.
GUILTY. Aged 56.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
