





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
5. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  RYLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, two shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Francis Graham 
                  Goddard
               




            .
FRANCIS GRAHAM GODDARD. I live at No. 61, South Molton-street


. On the 7th of August, at half-past 10 o'clock at night, the prisoner (who was a stranger to me) came to hire a lodging for 
               W. L. Peel
            , Esq. I showed him our apartments; he said, they would perfectly suit the gentleman, and he would enter the next morning: he then asked me to go with him to fetch the gentleman's luggage; we went to Vere-street, and he asked me to wait an hour in the public-house at the corner of Henrietta-street, while he went to fetch a porter from the Thatched-House Tavern, where the gentleman was, who, he said, was the brother of Sir Robert Peel. I said, I could not wait an hour; he said, "Then wait ten minutes;" and as he did not return, I went home in about twenty-five minutes. I did not see him again that night, but I saw him afterwards at a friend's house where he came to take a lodging for a gentleman.


                  CAROLINE 
                  ISABELLA GODDARD
               



            . I am the wife of Mr. Goddard. I was at home when the prisoner came to take our lodgings; my husband's statement is correct; after he and the prisoner had been gone ten minutes or half an hour, the prisoner returned, and asked me to let him have 9 s. 6 d., as they were in want of some silver to pay the porterage of the gentleman's luggage; that Mr. Goddard did not happen to have any silver in his pocket, and had told him to run back to me for some. I am quite certain he said it was for Mr. Goddard to pay the porter. I gave him 2 s., which was all I had. I did not see him again.
The prisoner put in a written defence, pleading distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
