





119. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, a cloak, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Watkins
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of trowsers, value 1 s.; a waistcoat, value 1 s.; a pair of boots, value 2 s.; a pair of shoes, value 1 s.; and a shirt, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pink
                        



                     
                  ; and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Youden
               



            , spinster
.


                  MARY 
                  YOUDEN
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Youden
               



            . We live at Kensington


. On the 5th of November the prisoner came and asked for lodgings, and said he was related to Mr. Lamb, a carpenter, who we knew to be a respectable man. He said he was going to be employed in Lamb's business all the winter - we let him a lodging, and he staid all night, and at a quarter to six o'clock my sister let him out, and told him he had something not his own. He said he had not - it was a pair of boots which he was going to get mended. She said they were Pink's boots, and he ran off, and she called after him.


                  HANNAH 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I let the prisoner out, as he could not open the door - he had a pair of boots under his arm. I said he had something not his own - he said he had not. I said they were Pink's boots - he said they were a pair he had brought over night, and flew off the steps. I pursued, calling Stop thief! and he called stop thief as well, and threw his bundle away, containing Pink's property, opposite Kensington Church, and was secured by the sentinel.


                  MICHAEL 
                  COLES
               



            . I am a plasterer. On the 6th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I was going into Kensington-square, and met a man very much resembling the prisoner, with a bundle, and heard a call of Stop thief! He immediately ran, and I after him - he dropped a bundle, and threw the boots across the road - I took it up, and he called stop thief himself.


                  CHARLES 
                  SHAW
               



            . I was sentinel at the Palace, and stopped the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
