





719. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GEAREY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 jacket, value 16s.; 1 pocket-book, value 1s., and one tobacco pouch, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Simonds
                     



                  ; and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 waistcoat, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Cole
               



            .
JOHN SIMONDS. I am a sailor
, and lodge in Sun-yard


. The prisoner slept with me on the night of the 23d of February - he got up first - when I got up I missed the jacket, which I had worn the day before - the pocket-book, and tobacco-pouch were in the pocket - I found him at the Three Crowns public-house, on the afternoon of the 24th- the landlord of my house asked him if he had not slept there the night before - he said he did not, for he had slept near the water-side; he afterwards said he did not sleep any where at all, but had walked the street all night - he then went into the privy, and the landlord watched him - when he came out he was searched, and my tobacco-pouch was found on him; I have never got the pocket-book again; a man of the name of John Cole slept with me - he is gone to sea - I heard him, say in the prisoner's hearing, that he had lost his waistcoat - the prisoner said he knew nothing about it - Cole said he was sure he was the man who slept there - he made no answer to that - I am certain he is the man.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am waiter at the Three Crowns. I saw the prisoner come out of the privy; I went in and saw a waistcoat down there - I got a broom-stick and got it up.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMONDS
               



            . I saw this waistcoat - it is Cole's.


                  THOMAS 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I went and took the prisoner into custody on the 24th of February - I found this tobacco-pouch on him - he said he had sold the waistcoat to a man on Tower-hill.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the tobacco-pouch - the person who belonged to the waistcoat said I had slept in the house - the handkerchief is mine - I gave 7d. for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
