






FOURTH DAY. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26.
1522. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, one pocket book, value 5 s. and one one-pound promissory note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Jay
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. DOWLING conducted the prosecution.


                  PHILIP 
                  JAY
               



            . I am a worsted manufacturer
, and live at Cavendish in Suffolk. On the 11th of October I was in town, and about eleven o'clock at night was returning home to my lodgings, at the Green Dragon, inn, Bishopsgate-street. I went into a public-house, at the corner of Dean-street, Holborn, and saw the prisoners there; they were impertinent to me; I told them not to interfere with me. I left the house and they followed. I told them to keep their distance. Opposite Chancery-lane, in Holborn


, I called a coach in the middle of the street, and as I was getting in, I was hustled by them; they came round me, and asked me to go with them. I missed my pocketbook directly from my left-hand inside coat-pocket; it contained memorandums and a one-pound Suffolk note.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How were they impudent to you - A. They used improper language: I was neither drunk nor sober, but capable of knowing what passed.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a linen draper, and live in High-Holborn. I was coming through Great Turnstile, and saw the prosecutor and the two prisoners on the opposite side of Holborn, and from the conduct of the prisoners, I was induced to follow them. I saw Mr. Jay leave them near Brownlow-street - they followed him very closely - I saw him call a coach. He was then on the pavement; the coach drew up to the pavement - he was off the curb stone. As he got in, the prisoners went one on each side of him. Johnston took something from under his coat - she then said to Brown,
"Come along." I saw her put whatever it was under her pelisse. I went up and laid hold of her. She put her fingers up to her mouth, and said,
"Hush." I called the watch - she threw the pocket book from her, and was taken. Brown ran off, but was stopped by the watchman.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not Brown some distance off - A. No, she was at Mr. Jay's side.


                  SIRAS 
                  JAY
               



            . I am not related to the prosecutor. I saw Johnson throw the pocket book down in the middle of the street - I picked it up and gave it to the watchman.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHNSTON'S Defence. I met this young woman - we went into the public-house for a glass of porter; the prosecutor sat in a box; there were five or six girls and men; he said he thought there was something superior in my appearance and behaviour, and he would give me whatever I liked to drink. I had brandy and water, and two glasses of gin, which he paid for, and we went away together, and by his desire I left him by Chancery-lane. We were going the same way as him; my attention was called by seeing several people round a coach - I went up and saw the pocket book; I picked it up; the gentleman came, and I said, if it belonged to him, to take it.
BROWN'S Defence. He asked us to drink with him, andby his desire we left him. I left my friend to go home, and was crossing when the gentleman took me.
JOHNSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
