





364. 
               
                  
                     PHILLIP 
                     GAVIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 50 lbs. of lead value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Moreland
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Browning
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Walker 
                           Emmott
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  BRENNY
               



            . I live in West-street, Smithfield


. Last night, about ten o'clock I went out, and saw the prisoner and one Jordan talking together in the court - I passed them, and when I came in I told my husband, (there had been lead stolen there more than once) as Jordan was a watchman he thought it odd he should be standing there, and called one of our men to watch. Between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoner cutting the lead from the roof. I went out and told the watchman; he said
"Call me when he comes off." I saw him come down, and take the lead into his house. The watchman came in, and took him and the lead - he lived three doors off.


                  JOHN 
                  KILBY
               



            . I was employed to watch the premises, and about one o'clock heard tiles falling from the roof. The man was standing in the gutter, lifting the tiles up, and taking the lead, The constable took the prisoner at his own house; he was going to strike me. Some of the lead was thrown out of the window,


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner in custody at half-past three o'clock in the morning. I searched the premises, and heard the lead fall from the first floor window. I found another piece in the chair. The prisoner lived in that room.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . At three o'clock this morning I was called in, and took the prisoner in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWNING
               



            . The house the lead was stolen from was in my possession,
Prisoner's Defence. It is all a spite against me because I owe her 9 s. My wife was put to bed, I could not sleep at home, and was going out to sleep when they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
