





992. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 5 hats, value 27s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Rachael Sophia 
                  Austin
               




            .



                  ROBERT 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I live at Uxbridge


, with my mother, Rachael Sophia Austin, who is a hatter
 - she is a widow
, and carries on business alone. On Friday, the 28th of April, I was sitting in an inner room; I heard a noise, and went into the shop, but no one was there; I went into the street, but saw no one with hats - I then returned, and missed five hats from the shop, which I had seen about an hour before, on a shelf, about half a yard from the ground - no one could have taken them without coming into the shop - I could not go out again then, but when my brother returned I sent him to inquire - he came back, and said two men were in custody; I then went to the public-house, and found the prisoner and another person there - I saw the hats next morning.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am headborough of Uxbridge. About a quarter past nine o'clock on this evening I was standing at my door - my father came, and told me a man was going along with some hats; I went after him, but lost sight of him - I then returned to tell Mr. Austin, and while I was there the prisoner came by the door - I followed, and took him with another man; I handcuffed them, and was taking them to the cage, but when we got half way down the town the prisoner said, "Let me stop at this corner," which I did - he then ran off; I pursued, and took him. The other person was discharged by the Magistrate.


                  JAMES 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I was in a draper's-shop - the prisoner came in to inquire about some needles - we could not agree, and he went out; I followed, and saw him look into a watch-maker's - he then went to Mrs. Austin's, the hatter; I crossed, went into the market-house, and watched him from under the coaches. I saw him put up his hand, and take first one hat, and then another - he put them under his coat; I followed, and saw my son at the door - I told him of it; the prisoner got away then, but was taken afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am a plumber and glazier, and live at Uxbridge. I found these hats in an orchard.


                  RICHARD 
                  ASHLEE
               



            . I saw a man cross the road with two or three hats under his arm - he appeared like the prisoner - he had another person with him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I hope you will have mercy upon me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
