





1574. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HICKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, 1 trunk, value 3s.; 1 dress, value 13s.; 1 hat, value 8s.; 1 bonnet, value 5s.; 2 lace caps, value 8s., and 2 lace collars, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Grace 
                     Milbourne
                  




               
            .


                  GRACE 
                  MILBOURNE
               



            . I am single
. I left two trunks at Mrs. Morell's, No. 31, Belton-street


, as I was going to a situation; I left them on a Sunday, and on the Saturday afterwards I went, and missed one of them; I saw it again at Marlborough-street Office - it was locked as when I left it.


                  ANN 
                  MORELL
               



            . The trunks were left in my apartment - I saw them secure on the Saturday afternoon, and missed one of them at night; I had seen the prisoner come several times to a person in the house - I cannot say how he got in on that Saturday, but I had left the room door ajar, and the street door was on the latch.


                  JAMES 
                  DUNN
               



            . I met the prisoner at half-past one o'clock on the morning in question, in King-street, Seven-dials, with this trunk on his right shoulder; I asked where he got it - he said from No. 31, Belton-street; I said he should go with me there - he turned round, and walked a few yards, and then gave me the trunk; I followed him - he went to Belton-street; he did not stop there, but walked on - I could not get a watchman to take him till I got to the workhouse and got the private watchman; he went on till he got near the watch-house, and then escaped, but was taken immediately.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It was given me by a man named Sullivan; he said he would follow me - when I was taken to the watch-house I said, "That is the man I got it from;" he was taken on the Sunday morning.


                  JAMES 
                  DUNN
               



            . Sullivan was taken on another charge.


                  ANN 
                  MORELL
               



            . I have seen the prisoner come to my house many times, to visit the people on the third floor; I saw the other man brought up for another offence - I had never seen him at my house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
