





673. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GLOVER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 200lbs. of lead, value 30s., belonging to 
                     
                        John 
                        Laidlay
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Mawhood
                     



                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I am a messenger. On Sunday, the 28th of January, I was in Leman-street, Goodman's-fields, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning; two men passed me, heavily loaded; and in moment the prisoner and another passed, heavily loaded also, with something covered with a mat; I lifted the mat up, and said, "What have you here?" - the prisoner threw down this lead, and ran away; I secured the property, and gave it to the officers, telling them I should know the men again; I was sent for to the prosecutors' in a few days, and saw the prisoner - I am certain he was one of them - the other three got away.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at the Four-awls public-house, Four-awl court, Rosemary-lane; Ray had described his person to me; I have compared this lead with the prosecutors' gutter; it corresponded even to a nail-hole.
JOHN LAIDLAY. I am in partnership with Charles Mawhood; we are soap-makers

, and live in Well-street, Wellclose-square


; I saw our premises about the 20th; the lead was then all safe; I have seen this lead fitted to the roof; it fits exactly - I know nothing of the prisoner.

SAMUEL SWAN. I am in the prosecutor's employ. I saw the lead safe about the 21st of January, fixed to the premises.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 28th of January these three persons came into a public-house where I was, and said they were going up Leman-street with a load of lead, and a man stopped them; I was not with them.


                  MICHAEL 
                  DUNN
               



            . I live in Crown-court, White-yard, Whitechapel, in the same house with the prisoner's father. On a Saturday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in bed, and heard him coming in and going up stairs; I cannot say the date of the month; I met him next morning, between eight and nine, coming out of the back-yard; I do not know how long ago it was.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a watchmaker, and am the prisoner's father; he was in bed when this deed was done.
Q. Why, when was it done? A. About a quarter to six o'clock in the morning; the chaps who did it told me so; I know them well; I took one of them before a Magistrate - he was liberated; he told the neighbours he was the thief, and they told me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
