







881. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 16th of June
, one slip, value 10 s.; one spencer, value 1 l., and one skirt, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Melinda 
                     Colebrook
                  




               
            , Spinster
.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am thirteen years old. I live in Cow-yard, Hampstead, and work for Miss Colebrook. About eleven o'clock in the morning of Friday, the 16th of June, I saw the prisoners in her field, where some linen was hanging to dry - there is a high gate with spikes to it. I saw them take these things off the lines, and go across the fields with them. I went into the kitchen and told the servants - they were taken on the Tuesday following. The linen has not been found. I am sure they are the boys; Preston took the things, and Jones stood by him.


                  ANN 
                  THUMWOOD
               



            . I am servant to Miss 
               
                  Melinda 
                  Cole-brook
               



            . Smith said two boys had taken the linen; I looked, and missed it. The prisoners lived at Hampstead.


                  JAMES 
                  ANTOBUS
               



            . I am a labourer. I heard of the robbery about three minutes after it happened. I was close to the terrace, and caught sight of the prisoners coming over the pales. I knew them before, but could not follow them then, being ill. I do not know which of them had the things.
JONES. Q. Did I not offer to give myself up to you afterwards - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD WILSON
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoners on the 20th of June, at Hampstead. Smith, charged Jones with being one of them - he said he was ready to go to the prosecutrix. I saw Preston, and secured him.
JONES'S Defence. I was in Oxford-street at the time of the robbery, and then went to Deptford. I met a butcher, he told me what I was charged with, and I said I would give myself up.
PRESTON'S Defence. I heard the constable wanted me, I went and waited in the road for him to come by and take me.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
PRESTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
