





427. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one gown, value 1 s; three spencers, value 2 s.; three frocks, value 3 s.; one cloak, value 1 s.; two petticoats, value 6 d.; four slips, value 2 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 3 s., and one shirt, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Goodwin
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Goodwin
               



            , who is a porter
 at Covent Garden Theatre; we live in Bridgewater-street, Somers'-town


. On the 30th of January, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, these things hung in the garden to dry. I found the line cut, and all the things gone. My son went round to tell the watchmen. I found the prisoner at the watch-house with the clothes.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a patrol. About seven o'clock in the evening I was in Sidney-street, Somers'-town, and saw the prisoner and another come out of a vacant space, where there was no house. The prisoner went back, and went down this space; I asked him what he did there? he said he lived in Judd-street, Somers'-town. I said,
"You know Judd-street is not in Somers'-town." He then said he lived in Waterloo-place, Cromer-street. A gentleman came across with a light, and I found thesethings wrapped in a great coat, within two yards of him, in this space.


                  JAMES 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I lodge in Waterloo-place with the prisoner. I know the coat, that the things were in, to be his.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
