





1054. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  NASH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 1 coat, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John William 
                  Birch
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  UNWIN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 8th of May, between half-past eight and nine o'clock in the evening. I was in Margaret-street, going into Regent-street; I heard a cry of Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner running, and collared him; Wilson then came up and said "This is the man who has robbed the carriage;" we took him to the Court-house - he had this coat on his back, which Wilson said he saw him take from the carriage in Cavendish-square


 - he said he had been riding behind the carriage when he first saw the prisoner - he got down and saw him draw the coat from the left hand carriage door, and put it on, and turn to the rails - he passed by him, and was looking at the coat, and said "O, it is a new one;" the prisoner heard this statement; Wilson is not here - he has had 10l. to stop away.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not the prisoner deny this? A. Yes; and said he had picked it up.


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . I am footman to John William Birch Esq. - he is reading clerk to the House of Lords
. He was out the night in question, and left this coat in the carriage when he got out at the Hanover-rooms; I shut the door, and saw the coat there; I went to Old Mary-le-bone-street - the coachman took the coach to Mr. Townsend's yard, and when I returned the coat was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. What time did you leave it safe? A. About nine o'clock at the Hanover rooms - the coachman took the coach to where it always stands.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in the square - I called out "Does this belong to any one;" no one answered, and I put it on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
