





1549. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WARE alias 
SHEPPARD





            , was again indicted for 


               stealing on the 28th of June
, 1 basket, value 2s. 6d., and 36 composition dolls, value 39s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Barton
               




            .
JOHN BARTON. I am a doll-maker
, and live in Long-lane. On the 28th of June, about seven o'clock, I sent James Price out with three dozens of composition dolls, in a basket, to Messrs. Lee and Co. in Great St. Thomas Apostle - he came back without them and told me to go to the Mansion-house, where I found the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Barton. I went out with these dolls, and in Bow-church-yard


 a man tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed to the prisoner, who stood in the passage of a house, and said "That gentleman wants you," he was dressed in a black coat, waistcoat and trousers; he stood with his hat off and his hands behind him - he said "Will you fetch me a coach, and I will give you 6d.?" I was going with my basket, he called me back and said "Not a coach, a cabriolet, and you can leave your basket here;" he helped it off my shoulder, and when I came back I found him in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. On your oath, did you not tell the Magistrate the other man told you to fetch the coach? A. I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer. At ten minutes past seven on the 28th of June, I was in Cheapside; I saw the prisoner and another man cross over and go down Bowchurch-yard; I went down Bow-lane, and round towards the Church-yard, and met the other man with this basket - I went to take him; he threw the basket at me and ran away; I took up the basket - the prisoner then came up; I collared him and took him into a warehouse; I did not then know who had been robbed, but this boy came up in two or three minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner with the basket? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
