






1307. 
               
                  WM. 
                  CONDELL
               




             was again indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William Alexander 
                        Balfour
                     



                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 21st of July

, at St. Paul, Covent Garden, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 11 pairs of trousers, value 4l.; 3 waistcoats, value 10s.; 33 yards of cloth, value 16l.; 40 yards of kerseymere, value 5l.; 1 pair of breeches, value 10s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 6s.; 18 yards of silk, value 2l.; 4 yards of satin, value 6s., and 1/2 a yard of cambric, value 3s.
            , his property; and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, and at the same parish, the same goods, knowing them to have been feloniously and burglariously stolen
            .*
*Plummer was included in this indictment, but not tried.
CONDELL 


               pleaded GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 38.
MESSRS. ANDREWS and ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM ALEXANDER BALFOUR. I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Chandos-street, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden



. On the night of the 21st of January, my house was broken open. I went all over the warehouse the evening before, at seven o'clock, and at eight the next morning, I was told by one of my boys that the house was broken open; the persons had broken through a trap door which led to a loft, and from thence to my warehouse; they could not break the warehouse door, but broke through the ceiling; there was an empty house adjoining, and a pair of trousers, and one or two duplicates were found in that house. I lost a number of articles, worth 60l. or 70l.


                  MARY 
                  ANN VANDEVELD
               



            . About three nights before Mr. Balfour was robbed I heard a talk about it. I and Harman staid at Condell's lodgings while Condell and Plummer went to Mr. Balfour's - it was one Sunday evening, about eight o'clock at night - they returned about six in the morning, and said they got into the empty house, and got in at the roof of the house; they had taken a dark-lantern with them, also two crow-bars and some pieces of wood; they brought back some cloth, and some silk, a shawl, some breeches, waistcoats and cambric. Condell gave me some cambric, which I pawned at Mr. Cameron's, for 3s. (two or three weeks after - I have lost the duplicate - Harman was there at the time.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . I live with Mr. Cameron a pawnbroker. I produce some cambric pawned by Vandeveld, on the 7th of February - I knew her before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



            . I am inspector of the patrol. I went to Mr. Balfour's house on the 22d of January, andfound it had been entered by some persons who came over the parepet of the adjoining empty house, and in that house I found a pair of trousers, a jacket and hat - Mr. Balfour did not claim them.
MARY ANN VANDEVELD. I do no not know these clothes.


                  ANN 
                  BRYANT
               



            . My husband is a tailor. I know this shawl to be mine; I pawned it at Mr. Balfour's.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LUKIN
               



            . This handkerchief is mine, it was wrapped round some cotton, which I pawned at Mr. Balfour's.
MARY ANN VANDEVELD. I know this shawl and handkerchief were part of the things they brought away.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I found this handkerchief at Harman's lodging - she said it was her's.
HARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
