





359. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, one box, value 1 s. 6 d.; and 30 lbs. of vermicelli
            , the property 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Levy
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Levy
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Moss 
                     Levy
                  



               
            .


                  MOSS 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am a partner in the house of William and 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Levy
               



            , we are vermicelli manufacturers


, and live in White's-row, Spitalfields. On the 3d of April, about nine o'clock in the morning, I delivered a box of vermicelli to Woolf to take to Newgate-street, to be sent to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Taylor
               



            , at Kingston.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WOOLF
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutors. I took eight or nine boxes in my cart. I was going along Newgate-street, about eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner shoving behind the cart. He hung behind the cart to make it hang heavy. He pushed about one hundred yards till I got to Warwick-lane


 - then laid hold of a box, took it out, and ran down the lane with it. I ran after him, overtook him, and asked him where he was going? He used bad language, threw the box at me, and ran off. I caught the box in my arms and pursued, calling Stop thief! He was stopped before he got out of my sight. I am sure he is the man who took it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CONNELL
               



            . I was in Newgate-street, and saw Woolf run down Warwick-lane. Several cried, Stop thief! and I secured the prisoner, who was the only man running from the cry.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was asked to carry it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
