





40. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, one trunk, value 10 s.; one pair of breeches, value 10 s.; two shirts, value 10 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 d.; two neckerchiefs, value 3 s.; a flannel belt, value 1 s.; a shaving-box, value 5 s., and two razors, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Telfor
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  TELFOR
               



            . I live at Stroud, Rochester, and am master of a vessel
, which laid in Billingsgate Dock


. I left the vessel at four o'clock on the 5th of November - my trunk containing the articles stated in the indictment was then in my bed place - there were papers in it to the amount of 1800 l. - I have never found it. I do not know the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWNHILL
               



            . I am a constable of Billingsgate. On the 7th of November, about eight o'clock at night, I and Mackey having information, went in pursuit of a man - the prisoner was stopped by somebody and given into our charge; we took him to a public-house, and found a coat on him. We sent for Mr. Telfor, who claimed the shirt on his back; also a handkerchief, and flannel bandage, which he had on. He said his mother gave him the shirt, that she had made it, and he had the fellow at home - I asked if it had any mark; he said, No; we found it marked G.T. He said there was a blue mark on the flannel bandage, and Mr. Telfor also claimed it by that mark - he denied knowing anything of the papers or trunk for two or three days, but afterwards said voluntarily that there was another man in the robbery - that he gave him the things which he had, out of the trunk, and the cannister containing the ship's papers, and finding them of no use to him, he threw them into the Tower-ditch. He took us to the spot; but we cannot find them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKEY
               



            . I took the shirt off his back - Mr. Telfor described it before he saw it. We found a pension ticket on him for 9 l. a year.
(Shirt produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I leave it to the Mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
