





550. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, one watch, value 4 l.; one key, value 2 s., and one ring, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I keep the George and Vulture, public-house, Hoxton




. On the 26th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, some person came into my house, and asked if he could have a bed; he was told that he could, and paid for it then; I did not see him at that time - I saw him afterwards, and gave him a candle to go to bed; I believe it to be the prisoner, but I cannot swear positively to him. The pot-boy lit him up; he went up and came down in five minutes - I saw him then also, and have no doubt of his being the person, but am not certain.
Q. If you have no doubt, why cannot you be certain - A. I did not take notice enough to swear to him; he is the same stature and appearance. He came down stairs, said he had left his pocket-book behind him, and would return in five minutes, but never did. Next morning I missed a watch from a room opposite his, which was there an hour before he came. On the 6th of April, in consequence of what I saw in the newspaper, I went to Guildhall, and saw my watch; I described him to the officer as well as I could. He was then in custody on another charge.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIELDING
               



            . I am an officer. I found this watch in the prisoner's pocket - I apprehended him on the 4th of April, and asked him where he got it from; he said it was his father's, who was dead - he said the glass was broken, and he should send the watch-maker to me to repair it, and desired me to keep it going as it was a good one. The watch-maker never came.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was at a public-house, and gave a man my father's watch and 1 l. for this - I put my chain and seal on it, and took it to be valued; they said it was worth three guineas and a half. The man came fromCoventry - I have written to him several times; but had no answer. There is a bruise in it, which I did in getting over a wall.
- . I am the prosecutor's cousin - he had lent me the watch; I put it in my hat about ten o'clock. I slept in the house.
GUILTY Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
