





1941. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 1 half-sovereign, 8 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Freeman
                     




                  , widow
, from her person
            .
ANN FREEMAN. I am a widow, and live in Spitalfields. At ten o'clock at night on the 16th of September, I was in Whitechapel


, going home with my son and daughter; my daughter went part of the way with me, and then said she could not go any further, as her husband would be home - she then left me; any person could have heard what she said: the prisoner then came up to me, said he was going my way, and he had got an old mother of his own; we had not walked above twenty yards, when I found his hand in my pocket - I said, "You are robbing me;" he said, "You old b-h, you lie;" I took hold of him - he bit my hand, and beat it very much, to make me let him go; the marks of his teeth are in my hand now: I held him, and called the watchman, who came and took him - I know I had eight shillings, a half-sovereign, a sixpence, a handkerchief, and some halfpence in that pocket when he came up, and I lost all but a few half-pence; the officer searched him, and found a half-soverigns, two sixpences, and some halfpence, on him.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I was on duty, and the prosecutrix called Watch! I took the prisoner, who had then got away from her; she charged him with stealing eight shillings and a half-sovereign - she was a little in liquor, but told her story sensibly, and she knew the prisoner next morning; when I got up he said she was his grandmother - her hands were black and blue. I know nothing of the prisoner.
Prisoner. She said I robbed her of a shawl. Witness. I found her shawl about ten yards from the place.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am a constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to me; the prosecutrix did not appear quite sober, but was not drunk; she charged him with stealing a half-sovereign and some silver - I asked what money he had; he said two sixpences and some halfpence - I put my hand into his pocket, and found a half-sovereign, a sixpence, and 5d. in copper; the prosecutrix's wrist was very much bruised, and some blood was on her apron and handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. There were three of them fighting together; she was so intoxicated she was forced to be dragged to the watch-house - she first said she lost 8s., and then 14s.; at the watch-house, when she saw the half-sovereign, she said I took that - I knew I had the half-sovereign, but I wanted to keep it back to give my sister in the morning, when I thought I should be let out- I never said she was my grandmother; I was going to Mr. Robinson's, a hair-dresser, at Bow, for whom I had worked; the prosecutrix, a man, and a woman were fighting - she asked me to wipe her face, and I did; she then forced me into a gin-shop, to have something to drink, and when we came out she said I had robbed her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
