





795. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, a foreign silver coin, value 4 s.; a half-crown, and a farthing, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I live in Swan-alley, near the London Docks


. On the 17th of April, between nine and ten o'clock, I had a dollar and half a crown in my waistcoat pocket. I was quite sober. I went to a public-house just by where I lived, to get a pot of beer - the prisoner sat by my side; we were in company together nearly an hour - I went away first; I paid for my beer when I first had it; my money was then safe - he slept in the same bed with me. I expected he would have come out with me, but he did not, and in two minutes I missed my money, before I had left the door. I called the watchman, went in, and said,
"I've lost some money" - nobody said anything. It was found on the prisoner - he was taken. Other people sat at the table.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper. The prisoner was brought in on this charge. Wilson said he had lost a dollar and a half-crown. I went to search and while I was searching his right hand pocket, I saw his hand in his left hand pocket; I put my hand in, and found a dollar, a half-crown, and a farthing; he said he received it from his Captain, and after he was locked up, he said Wilson gave it him.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the half-crown to buy a supper, and the rest for liquor. I did not know the dollar was in my pocket, or I could have dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
