





1748. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WINGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 2 hearth-rugs, value 60s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hollingsworth
                  




               
            .
MR. PRENDERGAST conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEESTON
               



            . I have an hearth-rug pawned at Mr. Jones, Broad-street, Bloomsbury, on the 1st of June, I have every reason to believe by the prisoner - he answers the description of the person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LYALL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Aldridge, pawnbroker. I have an hearth-rug pawned for 9s., on the 1st of June, to the best of my recollection, by the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEDWORTH
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner at Petersham, near Kingston, on the 2nd of September.


                  ANN 
                  HEATH
               



            . The prisoner and his wife lodged near me in Paine-street, White Conduit-fields; I do not recollect when I saw him last, but his wife came to me one day, the officer came the same day, and I saw the prisoner come from his own house, and go to the bottom of the street; it was some time in August, the day we appeared at Hatton-garden.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOLLINGSWORTH
               



            . The prisoner lived as a porter
 with me, at No. 6, Bedford-street, Bedford-row


 - he left me about the end of April; his wife was taken on the 30th of July - these two rugs are mine, and were part of my stock; I never sold any thing to him.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not other persons in your employ about my height, who used to frequent your shop when you were out? A. I never heard of any person coming to my shop in my absence, except you and your wife.
Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent of taking the rugs, nor did I ever pawn them. (See the case of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hollingsworth
               



            , page 826.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
