






412. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MANCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALLISIER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, three live tame ducks, price 9 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Attwell
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  ATTWELL
               



            . I am a milkman
 and live at Hackney


. On the 10th of February, I lost two ducks and a drake.



                  WILLIAM 
                  DREWETT
               



            . I am a school-master, and live in Grove-street, Hackney. On the 10th of February, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, in consequence of an alarm, I went to the door, and saw the prisoners together, passing the field in which my house is. Mance had a bag on his back - I followed them, and sent for an officer, who joined me in Shore-place; we followed them to Cambridge-heath, and as they approached the road, I lost them. I ran round to meet them, but did not. I saw Beal in possession of a bag containing three ducks. I am sure they are the men.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a chimney-sweep. I saw the prisoners by the side of the canal, near Cambridge-heath-bridge. I saw one of them drop the bag, which I immediately picked up - it contained two ducks and a drake. I cannot swear to them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners going from Shore-place. Mance had the bag on his shoulder. I could not see their faces, but from their appearance, they are the men. I saw them both run into some unfinished building, and found Pallisier between the joists, under the flooring; he begged to be let go, saying, he had had nothing to eat all day, and it was the first time he had done any thing of the kind.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLDING
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was working at the new buildings. Pallisier came and asked me to let him get under the floor, saying, he had not had a bit of victuals all day. I asked why he wanted to get there; he said,
"God bless you let me get under, for the officer's are after me," and that he had stolen something. I sent to tell my master.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAY
               



            . I was at work at the building, and after Goodwin gave up the search, I crossed over the building, and saw the prisoner Mance, concealed between the coal-cellars; he tried to get away, saying, he was no thief, and would not go with me.
Prisoner MANCE. Q. Did I not enquire for a person - A. When I found him concealed, he asked for Ayres, a carpenter - no such person was there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MANCE'S Defence. I went to ask for Ayres.
MANCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PALISIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
