






209. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BARLEY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of a 
                     man unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On the 31st of October, I saw the two prisoners in Oxford-street, and then in Poland-street


; they were close together for about a hundred and fifty yards - an old gentleman in black was before them; Smith got up to him with a very short, light step; and I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and take the handkerchief; I pursued, and took him in Poland-street; I said to a baker, "Take hold of this man, and I will go after the gentleman" - I turned to go, and Smith got away from the baker; I pursued him, and an officer took him - he got from the officer, but he caught him again - he said he had no handkerchief at all; I said he had put it somewhere in his breeches - his breeches were then searched, and thehandkerchief produced - I then said there was another with him; I turned, and Barley was coming up - I took hold of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you stand by while he was searched? A. Yes, and the other prisoner came up - I suppose I was with the officer two or three minutes - I am a shoemaker - I had the jaundice at the time; Smith said, "You yellow rascal, if you don't let me go, I will knock you down."


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAUN
               



            . I was in Poland-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I pursued Smith, and a gentleman stopped him - I took hold of him; he made great resistance, and said, if I did not let him go, he would cut my*** - Williams came up, and said that he had taken a gentleman's handkerchief - Smith said he had none; but I found this one in his pocket. Barley came up in a minute or two, and was taken; as Williams said he was the other - I have not found the gentleman.
BARLEY's Defence. He said he went to the gentleman's house at Paddington, and he said his handkerchief was yellow and blue.
ANGELIOUS BERTRAUN. I had an address from somebody, and went to a house; the gentleman there said this was not his handkerchief - somebody in the crowd gave me the address.
SMITH's Defence. That is my neck handkerchief.
BARLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
