






830. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HEAD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 fixture,(i.e.) a copper, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Spoor
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
JAMES SPOOR. I live at No. 46, Turnmill-street, St. John's, Clerkenwell


. This copper was fixed in my kitchen - it was safe on Sunday night, the 19th of February. about nine o'clock; and next morning, about eight, when I went down stairs, it was gone My lodgers go out early in the morning, and might have left the door open - it was full of water the night before, and would take some time to unfix. I found the back door unbolted - it had been taken out that way; I found it about - half-past nine o'clock. at Mr. Pontifex's in Shoe-lane. Head's father and mother lodged at my house, and he often slept there; I was fixing this copper about a fortnight before - he came down and said I had got a troublesome job; I said Yes, and got him to finish it for me. Thompson gave me information on the morning that I lost it; Jones was brought to my house about twelve o'clock on Monday, charged with stealing it; he said, "I am not the person who stole it;" I said"Who was it?" he said a person named Head, and I should find him at some place in Shoe-lane, or at the Bull's Head, in Peter-street; that Head gave him the copper in themorning at my back door, to take to Pontifex's to sell - I found Head by his account.


                  MATTHEW 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a chimney-sweeper. On Monday morning I saw Jones eight or ten yards from Spoor's back-door, with the copper in his possession - Head shut the door, and walked up the yard after him. I informed Spoor.


                  CHARLES 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker. I went with Spoor to Pontifex's, and found the copper. I waited till Jones called for the money for it - I told him he had stolen it; he said it was given to him to sell - I took him to Spoor's.


                  HENRY 
                  DANIEL PONTIFEX
               



            . I live in Shoe-lane. Jones brought this copper for sale about a quarter past nine in the morning; I thought the clerk had paid him the money - Spoor came and claimed it in a few minutes. I was not present when Jones called for the money.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONEs' Defence. Head gave it to me to sell - but did not say it was stolen.
HEAD's Defence. I gave it him, but did not take it out of the house.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
