






Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
895. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, a hat, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Davis
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Davis
                        



.
ELIZAAETH DAVIS. I am seven years old, (the witness being questioned, appeared perfectly to understand the nature of an oath) and live with my parents, in Tarling-street. One day in May, between eleven and twelve o'clock, in the morning, I had leave to go to Stepney-fair with my brother and sister, who are five and six years old - these two girls followed me and asked me to go into a swing; I said I had no money, they said they would treat me. I would not go, they followed me round the fair. I was coming home - but walked about thinking to miss them, but they followed me, and at last, Shaw took hold of the top of my hat, took it off, and both ran away with it together. Shaw said a wicked word to Powell, and told her to run - they had bonnets on. I saw their faces, and am sure of them. I saw Shaw at the watch-house two or three hours after, and am sure of her. I should have known her if I had met her. It was an old seal skin hat.


                  MARY 
                  ANN DAVIS
               



            . I am this child's mother - she went to the fair the day after it was over, and about twelve o'clock, two boys brought her home without her hat - she described the girls to me and the officer, and said one was lusty, and had a black bonnet, and the other had a black bonnet, very much torn, with blue or red ribbons; I do not know which. The officers took her to the watch-house, where Shaw was, about three o'clock that day - she said directly, that that was the girl who took her hat, and that the other was a thin girl. Powell was taken on the Monday following - she knew them both the moment she saw them.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am an officer, and found Shaw at the watch-house, the girl described her correctly before she saw her, and from her description we took Powell. I asked Shaw how she could rob a child like that - she said she did it, and gave the hat to Powell.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I took Powell in Cow-cross, and asked if she knew Shaw, she said "I know what you want me for, it is about the hat; I did not take it, but Shaw did, and threw it down in a passage," that Shaw asked her to take it off the child's head, but she would have nothing to do with it. I afterwards found the hat on Saffron-hill.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZA 
                  FISHER
               



            . I bought this hat of a girl in the week of the fair, but cannot say who she was.
SHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
POWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
