






1227. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  FAIRMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 1 umbrella, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frederick Charles 
                        Meyer
                     



                  ; and 1 parasol, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Gray
               



            , spinster
.
FREDERICK CHARLES MEYER. I am a musician
. - This umbrella is mine; I had placed it in the passage of my house on the 31st of May - I saw it a quarter of an hour before it was taken. The parasol belonged to Maria Gray- I saw them again at Marlborough-street in about an hour.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . On the 31st of May I was on duty, and saw the two prisoners in Torrington-square


, where the prosecutor live; I first saw Mahoney standing on the curb stone; I asked what he was doing there - he said nothing; I saw something in his frock coat, and found this parasol - he said he found it behind a carriage; I saw Fairman come from a door with a letter and an umbrella in his hand; I told Stevens to take him; we took them to a public-house, and asked what was in the letter - he said Mahoney would tell me.



                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in the square, and saw Mahoney about thirty yards from Mr. Meyer's door; Reardon took this parasol from him; I saw Fairman in a few seconds afterwards; I seized him, and took this umbrella from him; I had my back towards him, and did not see him come from the house; we took him to a public-house, and there he said it was his own.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I was in the square on the 31st of May, and saw Fairman coming from the door with the umbrella.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MAHONEY'S Defence. I was coming home, and a carriage was going by; a gentleman called to it, and it stopped; I saw this parasol, and asked the young man behind the carriage if it was their's - he said No.
FAIRMAN'S Defence. I met a woman, who asked me to take a letter into a square near Keppel-street, but she did not know the name; I said it must be Torrington-square; I took it there, and inquired for a person named M'Ginnis - I was directed across the square; I saw the umbrella lay there, and took it up.
MAHONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
FAIRMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
