





1335. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, two pair of stockings, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  James 
                  Harris
               



            , we keep a hosier's shop
 in Whitechapel-road


. On the 17th of September, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop and asked to see a pair of black worsted stockings. I took a pair down from the door and gave them to her, she said she would not have them, but would have a pair out of a bundle; the bundle was reached down and opened - she looked at them a long time, and I saw her slip a pair down on the floor. I stood at her side. After looking at them some time she stooped down and put her hand into her pocket-hole, and drew them up under her clothes into her pocket - the bundle got lose, and I thought she had taken another pair. I said "Do you intend to have a pair?" she then offered me 15 d. for a pair, but I refused them for less than 18 d. She walked to the door. I followed, tappedher on the shoulder, and said
"Give me the stockings you have taken." She said she had none, and presently put her hand down and dropped them down the same way she had drawn them up; she put them on the counter; and said there is your stockings. She only returned one pair. She was going away, I said, "I rather think you have another pair, and I will send for an officer." She said she had no more. I sent for an officer. We found three pair on her, one of them was ours. She had only 11 1/2 d. in her pocket. We live in Whitechapel-road.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I took charge of her. She said she had none about her - I searched and found one pair of stockings partly in and partly out of her pocket, and two more pair at the bottom of her pocket. She had 11 1/2 d. only.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them at Tunbridge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
