





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1716. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TOWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, at St. Luke, 1 clock, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Richardson
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
EDWARD RICHARDSON. I am a publican
, and live in Goswell-street-road


. On Saturday, the 16th of August, I missed my dial from my room, between three and five o'clock; I had seen it a few minutes before hanging on a nail and fastened by another nail - I saw it again on the 19th in Brown's possession, he is a clock-maker - I value it at 6l.; it was valued to me when I took the house - my house is in St. James', Clerkenwell.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 16th of August I went to Mr. Sowerby's, a pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street, between four and five o'clock - I saw the prisoner in one of the boxes, and took him into custody; I found this dial in the shop; the prisoner said a person gave it him to pawn; I asked who was the person - he said he did not know his name, nor where he lived, but he should meet him somewhere he had no doubt; I took him to the office, and found where the clock was taken from.


                  JAMES 
                  LEECH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby. The prisoner came there on Saturday, the 16th of August, about four o'clock, and offered this dial to pawn; I asked him what he wanted for it, but I forget what he said - I recollected he had wanted to pawn a dial which had been stolen some time before, and asked him if this was a better one than the last - he said he never brought one before; I was certain he was the person; I spoke to my fellow-shopman - we fastened the door, and I got the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARLING
               



            . I am a clock-maker. I repaired this dial last September for Mr. Richardson - it cost 8l. when new, and I consider may be about 2l. the worse for wear; I am certain it is worth 5l.
GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See Page 798)
