





2205. 
               
                  ANN 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 key, value 6d.; 12 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 6d. in copper money, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN JOHNSON. On the evening of the 23d of September I was at an oyster-shop in Bunhill-row - I saw the prisoner; she asked me for an oyster - I gave her some, and went home with her, but did not go to bed; we sat down by the fire-place; a man came in, whom she called Jem, and a young woman came in, who said she wanted something to drink; Jem soon after went away - and soon after he left I missed my watch; I fell asleep in the chair soon after, and in the morning, about seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner; she said Jem had been and took my watch, but she knew where to find him - she then turned the key and locked me in; I could not get out till ten o'clock, when I got out of the window - the room was on the ground floor; I returned there in the evening, but could not find her: on the Monday following I met her, and asked if she had got my watch; she said No, but she would get it on Saturday night, and told me to come then - I went home and slept with her again on the Wednesday night - she then said she would get the watch or the duplicate; I went on Saturday night again - she said Jem and her would be there, but he was not - I slept with her again that night.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am an officer. I went on the Sunday night with the prosecutor to the prisoner's room, but could not find her - I afterwards saw her in Old-street; she said, "Tweedy, I want to speak to you; I picked up a man, and went home with him - we were both drunk; I lost 9s. 6d., and he lost his watch - I don't know what became of either." I took her to the watch-house; she begged to be let go, declaring she had never seen the watch.
JOHN JOHNSON. I was the worse for liquor - she was not drunk; she might be the worse for liquor.
Prisoner's Defence. I sat on the chair with him, and afterwards on the bed; a young woman brought in a candle, and he gave her 1s. to buy liquor; I went to sleep, and in the morning found him in bed - I lost 12s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
