






1015. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  HOW
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  POOLEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 1 necklace, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Kibble
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Kibble
                     



.
THOMAS KIBBLE. I am a tailor

, and live in Drury-lane. I have a daughter named Charlotte - she is ten months old; I know this necklace to be mine - she had worn it on the 26th of April.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EGAN
               



            . I was sent on an errand to Covent-garden, and asked Mrs. Kibble to let her little girl, who nurses her baby, take the child and go with me; she said she might - we went to Covent-garden


, and stopped to see Punch, and, as we were going away, this gentleman came and tapped me on the shoulder, and said some person had taken the baby's necklace; we went after the two prisoners to Nottingham-court, King-street, Seven-dials - they were taken there, and the necklace was found in How's waistcoat pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRUNETT
               



            . I was near Covent-garden church, and saw How take the necklace from the child's neck, and put it into his pocket; I went and told Egan - we followed the prisoners to Nottingham-court; I saw the necklace taken from How's pocket; I had not seen Pooley do any thing, but he went away with How, and I had seen them in company; I saw Pooley speak to How, and then How went and took the necklace; I did not give any alarm till I came up to them, and then I took them; Carter was with me, and he went round one way.
Prisoner POOLEY. Q. Where was I? A. You was with the prisoner and another boy; I saw you run with them through the market, up Bow-street, and across Longacre.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. Grunetttold me of this circumstance - I went with him and took the prisoners; I found the beads in How's pocket.
HOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
POOLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
