





360. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MACRAE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, a saddle, value 10 s.; a bridle value 6 s.; a collar, value 6 s.; a pair of hames, value 4 s.; a pair of traces, value 2 s.; and a pair of reins value 2 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Rice
               




            .
DAVID RICE. I am a pawnbroker
, and live in the Commercial-road; I brought these things with my horse and gig from Lambeth to my mother's door, and left them in the care of a man who keeps a stable opposite; it was then between five and six o'clock in the evening; I came out in about three quarters of an hour, and they were gone; the horse and cart were found the same evening, but not the harness - I saw it at the Thames Police Office,
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  LACEY
               



            . I was minding this horse and chaise at Mrs. Rice's door; I went to get some tobacco, and left it for about ten minutes, when I came back it was gone; about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the chaise by the side of the road; I fetched Mr. Rice to see if it was his.
Prisoner. Q. Did you tell Mr. Rice you had been for some tobacco? A. Yes, I did.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the night in question, in Whitechapel, with the harness on his shoulder; I followed him to Wellclose-square, he turned and asked me the way to Whitechapel. I asked where he got the harness, he said it came from Twickenham in an errand cart to the Three Tuns or Three Nuns public-house, and he was going to get it repaired; I took him to Whitechapel to enquire, and as we was going along, he said it was of no use for he bought it at Moulsey, at the fight; I then took him to the office, and he said the man would wonder what was become of the horse; I said
"Why did you not take the horse:" he said he never took the prad because that would touch his life.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at the Three Nuns in Whitechapel, and had been drinking, and as I came down the gateway, I met a man with the harness on his shoulder; it hit met and I said
"Friend, keep the harness to yourself," he said
"You may have it if you will give me a price;" I said I would give him 2 l. for it; we went on together, and finally it was agreed that I should give him 3 l.; I had but 2 l. 14 s. about me, but I told him if he would give me credit for 6 s. I would have it; I gave him my address, and was to see him the next morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
