





SECOND DAY. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
594. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PAGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 1 pocket-book, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Michael Edwin 
                        Fell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MICHAEL EDWIN FELL. On the 18th of January, between 2 and 3 o'clock, I was endeavouring to get into the Palace to see the Duke of York lay in state; my pocket-book was in my left hand trousers pocket - I passed the barriers to get into the gate - I then felt for my book, and it was gone - I had not noticed the prisoner - I afterwards found the book at Marlborough-street - I am sure I lost it in that crowd.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the crowd at St. James's


 on the 18th of January; I saw the prisoner there, in company with several others; suspecting them, I watched them for near half an hour; I then lost sight of him and one of his companions for about five minutes, when I saw them rush out of the crowd, and rush up Pickering-place; I ran - and Yates took theprisoner; I took another, but seeing the prisoner get from Yates, I ran and secured him; I saw him throw down something, and this pocket-book was on the ground; he said, "Do away with the pocket-book, for I have a wife and small family; if you don't do away with it, I am a dead lag;" I saw Yates find some money on him, which was returned; he had a purse, a gold watch, two 10l. notes, a double sovereign, some sovereigns, and other property, amounting to about 30l.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Were not all these things returned to him? A. I believe so; they were sealed up at the first examination. I am a patrol. - Gook was with me - he is a parish constable; there was a great crowd. I first saw him in St. James'-street; I saw him throw his hand out, and immediately the book fell.
MR. FELL. This is my book - it contained memorandums, which were in it when it was found, and here are some marks on it, by which I know it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was there any thing in it besides papers? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I was in St. James'-street about a quarter to three o'clock, on duty with Reardon; Yates came up - I had seen the prisoner about an hour before, and lost sight of him for ten minutes or a quarter of an hours; I then saw him come out of the crowd with four or five others; they went up Pickering-place; Yates and Reardon went after them - I attempted to take hold of two of them; Reardon took another, and Yates took the prisoner; I saw the pocket-book fall from the prisoner, but did not see Reardon pick it up, nor hear the prisoner say any thing.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you once prosecute the King's postillion? A. No - it was a helper in the King's stable; I was prosecuted myself afterwards, and acquitted. Several people were up the court - I will not swear how many; there was no pressure from the soldiers - the soldiers were in the road - this was on the pavement; I stood without pressure; there was no particular crowd there. I was engaged with the other men, who ill-used me.
COURT. Q. Where is Pickering-court? A. On the right hand of St. James'-street; the book fell four or five yards up the court, in the narrow part.


                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               



            . I saw this pocket-book dropped, five or six yards down Pickering-place - I was holding the prisoner, who tried to get from me; he said nothing then; but when we put him into a coach, he said, if we could do away with the pocket-book it would be all right - he said this two or three times as we went up St. James'-street - I was knocked down in the court, and did not see it picked up.
Cross-examined. Q. There were a great many people there - I suppose forty or fifty? A. I dare say there were; the court was choked full of people, who were getting away from the trampling of horses.
COURT. Q. Was there a great pressure besides that, from the persons who endeavoured to rescue the prisoner? A. Yes - he said nothing about his wife and family in my hearing.

DAN. REARDON
            . The prisoner said what I have stated, in the court, and he said it again in the coach - I heard something drop, and looked, and saw the book - he spoke about his wife and family two or three times in the coach - his conversation was addressed to me, but I think Yates must have heard it.
Prisoner's Defence. What they have stated is false - was pressed into the crowd, and could not get away - this man never picked up the book at all - it was brought up to them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Life
            .
