





360. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 bottle, value 6d., and 1 quarter of a pint of essence of lavender, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Griffin
               




            .
CHARLES GRIFFIN. I am a hair-dresser
, and live in Skinner-street


. On the evening of Wednesday last I heard a noise at my shop window, and went out into Skinner-street, and round Snow-hill - I had not been there above two or three minutes, when I saw the prisoner come down Snow-hill, and put his left hand through a place in my window, which had been cut two nights before - I had nailed up a piece of pasteboard over it, because I could not get it mended on account of the weather - he then came a second time and put his hand into the window, and took something out - I went over to him and struck him with a stick I had in my hand - he asked what it was for - I said for what he had taken out of the window; he then ran away, but I collared him, and brought him back to my shop; he then dropped this bottle of essence, which had been safe in the window at eleven o'clock that day.


                  GEORGE 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner at the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was two yards from the window when the man came and knocked me down - he said he wished he could knock my brains out. I was stooping to put up my shoe, as I had a bad heel - the bottle was standing on the floor when I went into the shop, and Mr. Griffin kicked it.
CHARLES GRIFFIN re-examined. He wanted to drop the bottle in the street, and I would not let him; he then brought it into the shop and attempted to stoop - I would not let him - he then dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
