






41. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  TOBIN
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WEBSTER
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 shawl, value 2s. 6d., and 1 cloak, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Withenbury 
                  Hawthorn
               




            .


                  HARRIET 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live at No. 8, Islington-green. On the 16th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing Mr. Hawthorn's shop, and saw Tobin run out with this shawl in his hand - it was not tied in any thing; he scrambled it up like a pocket handkerchief; I saw him give it to a man who was standing three or four yards from the shop, on the same side of the way; I saw Webster when he was at the watch-house, between four and five o'clock, but cannot swear to him. The man was dressed in a brown great coat, and had a blue apron on, which he put the shawl into, and went down the road; Tobin went away round the pavement, then returned, and met the man again in the road; he stood with him about a minute, and then left him - I followed him into Mr. Lee's, a linen-draper's-shop; I went in and mentioned this, and had him secured. Webster was dressed the same as the man who received the shawl, but I cannot say whether he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. Should you know the shawl again? A. It was the same colour as the one produced.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEARS
               



            . I am shopman to James Withenbury Hawthorn, a linen-draper
, of Islington


. Edwards came to our shop - I went, with Wade, to Mr. Lee's, and found Tobin in Mr. Lee's custody - it was between three and four o'clock; I saw Webster sitting on a rail, directly opposite Lee's door, with a brown coat and blue apron on - he came towards me, and I laid hold of his coat; he struck me and ran off, and I after him - when he had got to the other side of the way I saw him throw these goods out of his apron over the rails; it was the silk - also a shawl and cloak; he threw the shawl over first; Wade picked them up. As he turned the corner of Back-road I called Stop thief! and he was stopped; he is the man who threw the goods away.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw him throw them away? A. Yes. I know the shawl by the pattern - it has no mark on it; the manufacturer makes for many persons - I know the cloak to be Mr. Hawthorn's, by the shape and by the ticket which is on it; it is very small, and was made from a remnant of cloth which we could not use.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY WADE
               



            . I stopped Tobin in Mr. Lee's shop - I then went to Mr. Hawthorn's, and saw Webster opposite there; he ran away from Shears. I found the silk, a cloak, and a shawl over the rails; I did not see him throw them away, but saw them laying loose over the rails there as I ran - Shears was then pursuing him, a very short distance before me. I took the property to the watch-house, and delivered it to Birdseye - I examined it first.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was Webster out of your sight? A. Not a moment - he is the man who ran from Shears.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIYDSEYE
               



            . I received these goods fromWade. When the prisoners were brought to the watch-house he charged them with stealing the cloak and shawl, and they said nothing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEARS
               



            . I know the shawl and cloak; I had seen them both in the shop one hour before; the shawl hung on a line in the shop, near the window, about two yards from the door; the cloak laid on a box by the side of it. They were missed about an hour after Tobin had been in the shop, between four and five o'clock, but I had not seen him there.


                  GEORGE 
                  PYGALL
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! about five o'clock, and stopped Webster, who had a brown coat and blue apron on.
WEBSTER's Defence. I had a few words with a man, and struck him - he wanted to give charge of me, and hallooed Stop thief! I ran away.
TOBIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
WEBSTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
