





1627. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, a watch, value 2 l.; a chain, value 2 l.; a seal, value 6 s.; a key, value 2 s.; a snuff-box, value 2 l., and a shirt pin, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Birch
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH BIRCH. I am a musician
, and live in Duke-street, Adelphi. I was returning home on the 7th of August, about five o'clock in the morning; I had seen a friend home to Broad-court, Covent-garden. I saw the prisoner in Bow-street - he accosted me as I was trying to get a glass of porter at the Brown Bear, public-house; he said he could take me to a house, which he did, in Clare-market


, and went in there with me - we had some cold gin and water - I fell asleep, and when I awoke he was gone; I missed my watch, seal, and key, my silver snuffbox, and a gold pin with an amethyst; three of the articles are now in Court; I did not see him again till he was at Bow-street. I should have known him from a thousand. I had been with him about a quarter of an hour before I went to sleep.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You had got a little fresh? A. Yes, but I could walk; there were several persons in the tap-room, where I went to sleep, but none near me I think: I awoke before six o'clock; I can swear I was in a condition to swear to the prisoner; I had drank a little wine - I think not above a pint; but I had seen my friend home, who was worse than me, and the fatigue was such that I wanted a glass of porter before I got home; I did not see the prisoner again for seven weeks - I had looked at my watch in Bow-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUTTON TOWNSHEND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Little Russell-street, Covent-garden. On the 8th of August the prisoner pawned this seal and key.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. No, but there was a little dialogue between us, because he said his name was Thompson, and a person said "Is that a namesake of yours," which made me look at him more than I should have done; he was there about five minutes - another person applied to redeem these articles about a fortnight afterwards. I saw the prisoner again at Bow-street: he offered me a pin at the time he brought them but I did not take it, because it was broken.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I took up the prisoner, and found the duplicate on him of the pin.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pin which was taken in by a person in our shop; I was not there - it is an amethyst pin, and is broken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not the person who took any of the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
