






1697. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     McGHEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Fitchett
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of July
, and stealing therein 1 live tame rabbit, price 3s., his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FITCHETT
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in White Lion-street, Goodman's-fields


. On the 27th of July, at five o'clock in the morning, I was in bed; my lodger caught the prisoner in the back kitchen - he called me up, and I found the prisoner in the back kitchen; he was quite a stranger to me - he got into the house by taking off four tiles out of the back kitchen; he got through the tiles - no other part whatever had been removed; he came down into the yard from his father's house, who lives two doors below- the tiles were all secure when I went to bed; there was a rabbit fastened up in the hutch, and I found it outside, on the tiles on the roof of the kitchen, quite frightened apparently - he would not move.


                  JOHN 
                  BRUCE
               



            . I lodge in Fitchett's house. I came down stairs from the garret into the back kitchen, and found the prisoner close to the hole where he got in, standing upon a hamper, with his head through the rafters, attempting to get out; the rabbit was found out on the tiles.


                  HENRY 
                  FITCHETT
               



             re-examined. I have no lodger besides Bruce; I am always the last in bed; I went into the back kitchen that night with a candle - it is a lean-to, having an internal communication into the dwelling; no doors were opened so that the prisoner could have got into the house - there is no area; he got through the tiles, where they are about six feet high, and then dropped down into the wash-house - there was no other place open; I cannot say how he knew that I had a rabbit, for I never saw him in my house before; there was very trifling property in the wash-house - there was more in the house.




               GUILTY (of stealing, but not of breaking)
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
