





574. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FRANEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 10 yards of ribbon, value 10s.; 3 yards of tinsel lace, value 2s., and two sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Dawson
                     




                  , his master
            .
NATHANIEL DAWSON. I live in Cornhill


, and am a glover and hosier
; the prisoner had been my errand boy
 for two or three months - I had reason to suspect him, and on the 2d of February, I marked six sovereigns, and six half-sovereigns, which I put into the till, between two and three o'clock - I never suffer my lad to go to the till - I went out for an hour, and desired my wife to leave the prisoner in the shop for a few minutes; when I returned, she gave me information, and I sent for an officer; the prisoner was searched, and two sovereigns were found on him, in a small leather purse; one of them was one I had marked; the other articles were found in his box.
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN DAWSON
               



            . During my husband's absence I left the prisoner in the shop - I went on the stairs and looked through a window which is opposite the till;>I saw the prisoner go to it, and heard the gold-box rattle; I then came down - he shut the till, and ran back to his place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for - and found on the prisoner a purse with two sovereigns in it, one of which was marked - I searched his box, and in the pocket of one of his coats, I found twelve or thirteen yards of ribbon, and a piece of tinsel lace.
Prisoner's Defence. The till was partly open - I hope my master will have mercy on me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
