





903. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  MEARS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 2 rows of coral beads, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gardiner
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Sarah Anna 
                        Gardiner
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I am the wife of William Gardiner, who is a baker
, and lives in High-street, Bloomsbury


. On the 26th of March, about twenty minutes before four o'clock, my daughter Sarah Anna was standing at the door- she is two years and a half old; she had two rows of coral beads round her neck; I heard some one say, "That woman has taken the child's necklace;" I looked out, and saw the child without the beads; I did not see the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COOMES
               



            . I was passing the prosecutor's house, and saw the child standing about two yards from the door - I saw the prisoner and another come up to her; the prisoner kissed the child, and took the necklaces - I I thought there was something wrong, and I said, "I don't think she belongs to the child;" I then saw her run; I went to her, tapped her on the shoulder, and said, "You have taken the necklace from that child;" the constable came by, and took her back; she was taken in; Mr. Gardiner searched her, but nothing was found on her; the constable then said, I must go up to the watch-house; - I said I was very sorry, I thought the woman would have given it up; I was then taken to the office to give evidence.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running in a hurry, and the child stood before me; I moved the child aside, and that lady accused me of taking the necklace; I stopped, knowing I was innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
