





1193. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  , alias 
ANN GASS





            , was indicted for that she, on the 29th April
, 


               feloniously and maliciously by force, did take and lead away 
                     
                        
                           Ellen 
                           Goddard
                        




                     
                  , spinster, an infant
 child, under the age of ten years, to wit, about the age of three years, with intent to steal and carry away certain articles upon and about the person of the said child, (i.e.) I bonnet, value 10s.; 1 pelisse, value 12s.; 1 frock, value 3s.; I petticoat, value 6d.; 1 pair of stays, value 6d.; 1 shift, value 1s., and 1 tippet, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Goddard
                     



                  : against the Statute, &c.
            

SECOND COUNT, the same as the first, only for maliciously decoying and enticing away the said 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Goddard
               



            ; and that the prisoner, at the Delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden for the Country of Middlesex, on the 15th day of January, in the 9th year of the reign of his present Majesty, was convicted of felony, by the name of Ann Gass.


                  ELLEN 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Goddard
               



             - my daughter's name is Ellen. I was in Mr. Langstaff's shop, and missed my child from the door; the shopman ran out of the shop - I went after him, and saw the prisoner and child.
PHILIP REYNOLDS BISHOPS. I live at Mr. Langstaff's. I saw this lady in the shop, with the child at the door - I saw the prisoner pass the shop two or three times; the last time she passed she took hold of the child with one hand, and put her other hand to the child's back - she went round the corner; I rather suspected she was going to do something with it - she crossed behind a coal waggon, with the child in her arms; I came back to the shop, and found Mrs. Goddard had missed the child - I then ran out again, and Mrs. Goddard after me; I ran on; we saw the prisoner, with the child, in Earl's-court - I heard the child say to her, "What are you going to do with me? I don't belong to you;" I took the woman, and Mrs. Goddard took the child.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MACE
               



            . I received the prisoner at the watch-house; she appeared sober; and at Marlborough-street she said she did not know what possessed her to take the child.
Prisoner's Defence. I never said any such thing. I had been to Westminster, and was coming back; my father and mother lived at No. 4, King-street, close in that neighbourhood; I saw this child near the coal waggon, took it up, and said, "Where do you live?" I thought she lived at some house in the court, and I had not time to inquire before the man came, and took me - I walked back; I am innocent of stealing any thing - I had the misfortune to be here once; the man who stands there took me - he could speak of my bad qualities, but he would not speak of his own.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner on the 15th of January last - she was convicted in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gass
               



            ; I was present, and know she is the same person (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
