





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1449. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALLISIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 5 fowls, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Benwell
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENWELL
               



            . I live in Mile-end Old-town


 - I keep fowls
 in a house in my garden, which is surrounded by a wall six feet high. About a quarter before three o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by the watchman; I got up, ran out without any thing on, and saw the watchman with my fowls in his hand, which were then dead -I did not see the prisoner there, but I have seen him pass and re-pass with his wife very frequently; he formerly lived in the neighbourhood - I put on my trousers, and ran to the Dog-row, where I saw the prisoner's wife; I met Mitchell - he desired me to come to the watch-house, where I saw my fowls.


                  JOHN 
                  CHUMLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 20th of June, before three o'clock, I saw the prisoner and his wife going up a private path leading to some gardens; I saw the prisoner go by the prosecutor's premises, then return, and spring upon a wall, which was not the right one - he got down, and then sprang over the prosecutor's wall; I went and got my coat, and when I came back I saw four fowls thrown over the wall - I waited, and saw a fifth fowl come over; the prisoner then came over, but at some distance from me - I took up the fowls, and followed him nearly a quarter of a mile; I saw Mitchell and three watchmen - they pursued him, but lost him in the fields; I knew the prisoner, and am certain of his person.
Prisoner. When I was in the public-house next the office, he sat along side of me, and said if I would give him a sovereign he would not swear to me - I said, "I am innocent, and have no sovereign." Witness. That is not true, upon my oath.


                  LEWIS 
                  MYERSON
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner on the 23d of June.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . On the 20th of June I heard the rattle, and saw the prisoner running; I knew him, and said, "Pallisier, stop," but he ran off, and I lost him - I knew him well, and am certain of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
