





1718. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TOWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 clock, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fordham
               




            . (See Page 797)
EDWARD FORDHAM. I keep the Queen's Head public-house, Hoxton




. The prisoner came in there on the 5th of August, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, with a bag, partly filled with what proved to be dirt- he staid there till nine o'clock, and when the boy went out for his pots, the prisoner emptied out the dirt under the table, and took away the clock, which had been fixed up close to the ceiling; I missed it in about three minutes after he had left the house, and saw it again in possession of Brown, the officer; I will not positively swear that the prisoner is the man who came into my house - the clock is worth about 5l.


                  THOMAS 
                  BERRY
               



            . I live with Mr. Fordham. The prisoner came to the house on the Monday night and had a pint of beer - he came again on the Tuesday morning, with a bag half-full of something; I was in the room with him and went out at nine o'clock - the clock was there when I went out; I returned soon after, but did not miss it - I went out again, and when I returned the girl said to me "See what a mess he has made under the bench" - a man came in about half-past nine o'clock, and went to look up at the clock, and it was gone, but my master had missed it before then; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner. He said on the Tuesday, at Worship-street, that I was not the man. Witness. Yes, I did; I had not noticed him particularly then, but I have since - I know him by his eye, but I did not notice his eye at Worship-street the first time.


                  HENRY 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Goswell-street. I took in this clock of a man, who I believe was the prisoner, but I cannot be positive to his person; I was busy at the time, and he was not in the shop more than two or three minutes - I advanced 16s. on it; this was on the 5th of August, between five and six o'clock in the evening.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. From the description which Mr. Fordham gave me of the prisoner, I told him to come to the office, where he saw him - Berry came down with him, and in going to the office Berry described the prisoner to me; but when we got there, he said he could not be positive as to his person, but he thought he was the man; when he saw him the next time, he said he was the man - he described him as having a defect in his sight, which he has; I found the clock at the pawnbroker's. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence at the expiration of his former Sentence
            .
