






1279. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAJOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 90 lbs. of lead, value 1 l., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Jefferys
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  JEFFERYS
               



            . I have a house at Stepney


, in a brickfield, in Bow Common Lane, near the Regent's Canal


. I received some lead from Stearn, which was taken from the house No. 6, it corresponded with every nail on being compared. I have seen it re-fitted on the building, and it fitted exactly.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STEARN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 27th of July I saw four men in Mr. Austin's field, each man had got a load of lead on his shoulder. I came up and spoke to them - they threw down the lead and ran away - the prisoner is one of them. I took him in ten or twelve minutes. I took up the lead first. I lost sight of him while I secured the lead, but I found him again in a little market garden about one hundred yards off - they were all four in the garden and ran away. I pursued them, and the prisoner finding I came up with him jumped over a wall and got into a ditch, I jumped after him and secured him. I went with Jefferys to the house and tried the lead - it fitted exactly; there was all of it but a small piece in the middle of the gutter.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. This was about what time - A. About three o'clock in the morning - it was quite light enough for any body see to a face one hundred yards off; it had rained, but it was then quite fine. When he threw down the lead I was not more than twenty yards from him. I looked at them all at once. I do not know whether I should know either of the others.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am night constable of Mile-end. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house about five o'clock in the morning; there were some marks of clay on his jacket which corresponded with the marks on the lead - it appeared to have been thrown into some ditch. I went to the house, and compared the lead there; two pieces fitted every nail hole exactly - his clothes appeared as if rubbed by carrying lead; the morning was light enough to distinguish a person two or three hundred yards off.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the Surrey Theatre. I then went home, and could not get in, I then went and got upon a brick kiln, and got down when the men were coming to work; there were many people passing, and the watchman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
