





1287. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 1 ring, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Harrison
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the prisoner's father; he lived with me. I have taken him several times from prison before - these articles were in a chest of drawers in my room; they were not locked. I went to bed with him on the 1st of April - he got up early the next morning, left me in bed, and took these things with him - I had seen them all safe in the afternoon.
Prisoner. Q. Is there any marks on them? A. There was on the shirt; I know the ring by its general appearance.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned a ring with me, in the name of Edward Palmer - I am certain of his person.
Prisoner. Q. How do you know me? A. I remember you very well - I made out the duplicate - I believe him to be the man.


                  CHARRES 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I saw the prisoner in Oxford-street one day, about the middle of April - he said, "Charles, I have the ticket of a nice shirt and handkerchief to sell;" he asked 1s. for them, and said he wanted the moneythen; I gave him 1s., went to the pawnbroker's, and go them out. Here they are.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 24th of April I took the prisoner in Adam and Eve-court. I found nothing on him.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . Davis gave me the duplicate of a ring.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is false about my father's taking me out of prison. As he has come here to expose me, I think it my duty to expose him - he has been convicted here, and sentenced for fourteen years himself.
GEORGE HARRISON. I was tried here for buying property, which I did not know was stolen, and received sentence of fourteen years' transportation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
