





478. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WETHERSTONE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 17th of November
, 1 gander, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Green
                     




                  , which had been lately before stolen, she well knowing the same to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live in White Horse-street, Stepney, and keep poultry
. On the night of the 15th of November, I lost two ganders from my yard, which is surrounded with a fence six feet high; they had been kept in a pig-sty, to fatten - this is one of them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you many fowls? A. Yes - I know this to be a gander.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            , JUN. I know this gander - it is my father's. The prisoner lives about five hundred yards from us; she came to me, and said she intended to make a full confession of all that had transpired, and that her son, who was committed for stealing rabbits, was not the person who stole this gander, but another son, nine years of age; I said it was very odd that such a boy should be able to get out the geese, when one weighed 22lbs.; she said her boy came to her on the evening of the 15th of November, and said a man had thrown two ducks over a fence, from and alley - she gave him a bag, and he returned with one goose - that she never saw but one, and the reason she did not tell us, but took it to sell, was that her eldest son had told her Mr. Green was a very severe man, and he would hang her if she took it back, and that she sold it for 6s. in Leadenhall-market; this was several weeks after the ganders were missed.
Cross-examined. Q. It was several weeks after it was lost? A. Yes.
EBENEZAR HOWARD. I am a poultry-salesman of Leadenhall-market. On the 17th of November I saw a woman there, with a goose to sell; I cannot swear it was the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  EDMUNDS
               



            . I am a poultry-salesman of Leadenhall-market. On the 17th of November Mr. Howard took me to his shop, and said a woman had a goose, which he thought would suit me - I went, and saw a woman very much like the prisoner, with an old red cloak on; I told her to bring the goose to my place - she asked 8s. for it; I said it would not suit me - I said I would give 6s.: she went away, came back, and took 6s. - she asked for a bit of paper, that she might satisfy her employer that she sold it for no more - this is the goose.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it a goose or a gander? A. I have never been so learned as to distinguish, but judging from the size, I should call it a gander; I have not bred geese.
SAMUEL NATHAN. I bought a gander of Mr. Edmunds - I sent it home to my house; Mr. Green's servant, and some other persons came and said they had lost one - I returned it to them; I should not like to swear this is it.
JAMES JUGGINS. This is the gander I received at Mr. Nathan's; it is Mr. Green's, I have no doubt.
Cross-examined. Q.What do you know it by? A. By the cut of the tail; this one got on faster than the other - I marked it to see how far it would go.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; she asked me if the person would be at the office, to whom she sold the goose in Leadenhall-market; I said, "I don't know;" she then said, "If the Magistrate asks me any questions, I don't think I shall answer him, as I don't like to prosecute my own son:" I had made her no promise.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Green promised that if I would speak the truth he would make it very easy for me.
MR. GREEN re-examined. I did not, upon my oath, make any promise; I did not see her.
The prisoner received a good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
Recommended to Mercy - 


               Confined Two Months
            .
