





1208. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STOREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, a handkerchief, value 10 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           King
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . I am a brush-maker
, and live in Burton-cresent. On the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was standing by the Horse-guards


 with my handkerchief in my right hand pocket - Lawrence gave me information - I felt and missed it, he produced it. The prisoner was standing close by; there was a crowd, as they were relieving guard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the Horse-guards - I saw the prisoner go up to Mr. Kingtake the handkerchief from his pocket, and put it into his breeches pocket; he turned round to come away and I took hold of him; he then took it from his pocket and threw it down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been standing with my back against the wall for ten minutes, when the officer called me, and among the thick part of the mob he picked up this handkerchief, a yard-and-half from where I stood. The prosecutor said if I would find my accomplice, he would not prosecute me; and on Thursday when a person went to him he wanted 20 l. in money; the officer has been several times times to see my wife about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . His wife sent for me - I went to her, she begged of me not to appear; I said I certainly should, but as I found he had not been in custody before, I should state it to the Court. The prosecutor is in a very large way of business, and he said as the prisoner was not an old offender, if he could find a person to put the amount he was bound in, into a person's hand, he would not appear. I told him it was compounding felony.
MR. KING. I was not aware that it was compounding felony till the officer told me. I then would not proceed further.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
