





72. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BASSETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 5 books, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Barker
               




            .


                  MARIA 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Barker
               



            , a bookseller
, of Hammersmith


. At half-past twelve o'clock on the 25th of November, I saw the prisoner run out of our shop as I was coming from the parlour - he was quite a stranger; I ran out, gave an alarm, and my husband, (who was in the street) ran and caught him - he came up just after I lost sight of the prisoner; I am quite sure he is the person - I did not see any thing in his possession; I missed five books, which I had seen in the morning - these are them; they are Paley's Works, and had been on a shelf by the side of the window.
FREDERICK BARKER. I am the husband of the last witness - these books are mine. I was coming home, my wife came running and gave me information; I and another went across a field, and saw the prisoner going out at a gate - two men were there who pointed to know if they should stop him; we said Yes, and they pursued - a gentleman came up towards him, and stopped him; I did not lose sight of him - I came up directly; I did not find the books, but a person brought them into the shop while I had the prisoner there: I can swear to the books by the private-mark in them.
Prisoner. Q.Did you see me when I crossed the field? A. Yes; I was coming down the road - I saw you at the end of the field; you ran then.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEPHEN BOND
               



            . I was at Hammersmith on the 25th of November, and saw Mrs. Barker calling Stop thief! I ran round to the corner of the building, and met Mr. Barker; I told him, we ran to the end of the field, and saw the prisoner going out of the field - that was the first I saw of him; it was near a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - he was not running then, but as soon as we cried Stop thief! he ran; I found these books by the side of a kiln, in the direction he went - I did not see him go by the kiln, but he must have gone by there to have got to where I saw him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I went and took the books at the shop; the prisoner was then in the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw a row round the shop; a person called me over - I was going with the prisoner to the watch-house, and he tried to get from me; he begged of Mr. Barker not to lock him up - he said Mr. Barker had a family of children, and there was no telling what they might come to; I saw another person, and when the prisoner was resisting, and I had him on the ground, he called to the other "Now George, or Joe, now is your time to assist me," but some persons being round, I suppose he was afraid - I had hold of the prisoner at the time.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Hammersmith for work, and saw two more boys running across the field; I ran with them, and at the corner of North End-road, they took me into custody - I know nothing of the books.
MRS. BARKER re-examined. Q.When did you miss the books? A.When my husband came in, I asked if any thing was missing; he looked round and did not miss any thing - I looked round and said "Here is something missing here;" he then said what it was - that was before the books were brought in; the prisoner was brought in in five or ten minutes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
