





225. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DEWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, a pocket-book, value 3 s.; a reticule, value 1 s.; twenty-one sovereigns, eleven shillings, and four sixpences, the goods of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Cooper
                     




                  , from her person
            .
CHARLOTTE COOPER. I am single
, and live in Fountain place. On the 7th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was going along Old-street


, towards home - I saw the prisoner near Golden-lane; he came round me, and snatched my reticule, which I had twisted round my finger - he ran up Norway-street - I followed, and cried Stop thief! I never lost sight of him; I saw him stopped by the witness - the reticule was then on the ground; Mr. Edwards took it up. There was a pocket-book in it, containing twenty sovereigns and eight shillings - one sovereign and five shillings were loose in the reticule. I had received the money at the Bank of England about an hour and a half before. He was stopped about one hundred yards from where he took the reticule.


                  ADAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I was crossing Norway-street - the prisoner ran down the street, right against me; I stopped him - there was no person before him. I laid hold of him by the shoulder. I saw a quantity of silver at my feet; I stooped down, and found my hand upon the reticule - I put it into my pocket, and the prosecutrix came up and claimed it. There was a mob behind the prisoner. I am quite positive he was the person who was in front of the mob.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a headborough. I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran up, and saw the prisoner in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going along I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran to the place, and the witness laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
