





1660. 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  TURNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, 1 sovereign and a 5l. note, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Jones
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH JONES. I am a seafaring man
. On the 9th of July, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was at a public-house in St. George's in the East, having a pint of beer; the prisoner, whom I had never seen before, came and asked my leave to drink out of my pot, as she was thirsty - I gave her leave; after drinking she asked which way I was going - I said towards the Commercial-road; she said she was going that way, and walked on by my side, at times behind and before; when she came to Cabel-street


 she said, "I live up here, I have something to shew you which is quite a curiosity - I went with her; she unlocked the door, and as soon as I got in she said, "Ayn't you going to treat me;" I said, "Is that your curiosity, I have no money, I think" - she said, "I know you have;" I put my hand into my pocket, and found I had some; she came round, and put her hand into my left hand pocket, in which I had a sovereign and a 5l. Bank note - she took it out, flew out of the door, and knocked my hat off; I saw the note in her hand, and while I stooped to pick up my hat she was out of my sight; I saw no more of her till next evening, when I got an officer, and found her in a public-house; as soon as she saw me she tried to run away - the officer flew after her, caught hold of her, and she was secured; I have not found my property.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You never saw her before? A. No - I am a married man; I did not go there for any improper purpose - I was allured into her room - it is a lower room; I was not tipsy; I found her next night in the same public-house - my hand was on the note when she was unlocking the door; I had received the money from a carpenter that morning.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. The prosecutor came on the 10th, and stated this case - he pointed the prisoner out in the White Lion public-house; I took her - he had described her to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
