





SECOND DAY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24.
Second Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
1978. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PANK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 30 calf-skins, value 7l., and 4 horse-hides, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        Abel 
                        Foulkes
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ABEL FOULKES. I am a currier
 and live in Orchard-street, Westminster


. On the 10th of October I missed eighteen calf-skins and 4 horse-hides, from my passage, which leads to my shop; I have seen the prisoner once or twice at my shop within the last six weeks - he came to buy some leather; I supposed he was a shoemaker. Mr. Hall, a currier, sent for me on the 14th, and produced part of a skin which I considered to be mine - it was the butt-end of a calf-skin, the head and the King's stamp was taken off; it was not in a fit state for a shoemaker, it would be quite useless to him, as it was not finished - I found part of a skin corresponding in quality and colour with it, on my premises, but not to match it in the cut, as I had sold part of it - this was cut in the way I cut mine; I have not any part which tallies with the cut, but it tallies in quality - while I was talking to Hall, the prisoner came and asked him about the leather; I asked how he got that piece of leather, he said he bought it in Strutton-ground for 9d. - that he should know the man if he saw him again, but could not tell his name; I then went to Queen-square, met an officer, and told him - he had said he lodged in Strutton-ground; I went there and found it was false - I found him in the street afterwards, and gave him in charge; he took us to his lodgings in Old Pye-street - he said they were his lodgings, and there I found these pieces of leather; they are pieces of horse-skins - there was no mark on them, but they corresponded with others which I have in my possession; they are fit for a shoemaker to use for stiffeners - I believe them to be part of this hide; it tallies exactly with a piece which is on my premises - it dovetails on both sides; I am perfectly satisfied that they are part of the same in quality, and they tally in the cut; the prisoner said he had bought this piece at 1s. a pound, at Mr. Pounds, of Wardour-street, Soho - I know he is a currier; this piece must have been taken within nine days - no one skin is worth 5l.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you could not swear to it? A. I could not swear to satisfy any one but myself till I found this piece, which matches - there were some pieces which were not mine.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a currier and leather-seller, and live in Broadway, Westminster. I have known the prisoner six or seven years as a shoemaker; on the 14th of October he brought this piece of calf-skin, and asked me to curry it for a pair of shoes for himself - I asked where he got it; he said he had bought it for 9d.; I asked where - he said in the street; I said I suspected it was stolen, and should neither curry it, nor give it him back till I had sent for Foulkes, who I heard had lost some - I asked his address - he said No. 15, Strutton-ground; it is worth 2s. 6d. or 3s. - curriers can speak very well to the quality of skins; here are two pieces of horse-skin, which tally - I believe them to be part of the same hide, and am satisfied of it; I have been in the trade all my life.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the office that you doubted whether they corresponded? A. I did on the first appearance, but after minutely examining the other side I was as well satisfied as if I cut it myself.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I went to No. 16, Strutton-ground - I could hear nothing of the prisoner there; we met him in the street, and he took us to Palmer's-rents, Duck-lane, as his lodging, and I found this piece of leather, with several others.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work - a person stopped me, and asked me to buy the leather - I said I did not want it; he said I should have it for a 1s. - I had but 9d.; he said I should have it - it was not worth more to me for stiffening.
GUILTY. Aged 21. 


               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
