





376. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 27th of November
, a reticule, value 2 s.; a watch, value 10 l.; a chain, value 30 s.; two seals, value 20 s.; a key, value 1 d.; and two shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Hunter
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
MISS 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I am single
. On Thursday the 27th of November, at half-past three o'clock, I was in Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury


. I had my reticule-chain twisted round my finger. I had just crossed the street. The prisoner came on one side of me and snatched it from me; it contained the articles stated in the indictment. I could not swear to his person till he was brought to the office, which was on the Saturday; he was dressed quite different to what he was before; at the time of the robbery he had a brown coat and velvet collar. I pointed him out from several others at the office. He had turned round to see if I was pursuing him. I pursued him through several streets, and had him in view all that time, till I lost him in an instant. I have no doubt whatever of his being the man. I have found none of my property.


                  JOHN 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I am errand boy to Mr. Hunt, of Charles-street, Soho. I was in Charlotte-street, and saw the prisoner snatch the lady's reticule; I saw his face, and am sure he is the man. He immediately made off down Streatham-street. I was ten or twelve yards from him. I knew him again when I saw him at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  HERBERT REEVES
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Spencer, of Vernon's-place. I was in Charlotte-street, and saw a person snatch the lady's reticule and run away with it. I have no doubt of the prisoner being the man, from his appearance and figure. I did not see his face. The lady pursued him, but I did not like to venture to follow.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Giles's. Reardon apprehended the prisoner, and gave him into my charge. I had described him to Reardon from the description the lady had given me, a quarter of an hour after the robbery. I went, in consequence of information, to Ivy-lane, St. Giles's, and found this coat and waistcoat, (producing them) thrown down in the corner of the room on some coals carelessly, as if they had been just thrown off. It is a house of ill fame.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a plaisterer, and live in Grenville-street, Somer's Town. Riley described the prisoner to me. I apprehended him on Saturday at Somer's Town. I knew him before, and have seen him wear a coat like this.
MISS HUNTER. I described him to Riley. He wore this coat; he put it on at the office, and I then knew him better.
Prisoner. I am entirely innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
