





845. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RUSSELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, 1 pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Robert Keith 
                  Douglas
               




            , Esq.




                  THOMAS 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am butler to William Robert Keith Douglas, Esq.; he is one of the Lords of the Admiralty
. On the 19th of March the prisoner came with a double knock at the door, and said he wanted to see Mr. Douglas on particular business - I went up-stairs, came down again, and, in consequence of information from another servant, I missed a pair of sugar-tongs from a teatray in the pantry, on the right-hand side of the street-door, about a yard from where the prisoner stood - I rang the bell, and inquired of the footman if he had taken them; he said No - I then took hold of the prisoner, and found the tongs between the lining and the cloth of his coat.
COURT. Q. Had he ever been there before? A. Yes; I had seen him three or four months before when he came for Mr. Douglas to sign a petition; he said he hoped Mr. Douglas would forgive him, as he was a real Scotchman and Mr. Douglas was the same.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am footman to Mr. Douglas. On the evening of the 19th of March, I saw the prisoner in the passage - I heard the bell ring, and went up-stairs; the butler asked if I had put the sugar-tongs off the tray; I said No; the prisoner heard this; I went with the witness, and we searched the prisoner; the sugar-tongs were found in his coat - they have my master's crest on them- I had put them on the tray ten minutes before.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a constable. I took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
T. PRITCHARD re-examined. The pantry is out of the passage - the prisoner said he came for my master to sign a letter.
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
