





1016. 
               
                  ANN 
                  DIXON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Baxter
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BAXTER. I live at Leigh, in Essex. I was in East Smithfield


 on the 12th of April, about one o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner there; she asked me to go home with her; I was going, and we stopped in the street about two minutes; we were agreeing about going home - she then ran across the road, and said she would not take me home; I put my hand to my pocket and missed my watch, which I had seen not a quarter of an hour before; I ran across the road, and said "You have got my watch;" she denied it - I heard it tick in her bosom, and I took it from her - she called the watchman, and said I had robbed her of a silk handkerchief - the watchman was taking me to the watch-house, and I missed a sovereign and half-sovereign, which I had in my watch pocket; I saw her searched, but nothing was found on her; she then said she would have me searched for the handkerchief - I said I was willing to be searched, but I knew where the handkerchief was, as I saw her throw it towards the rail - the watchman and I then went and found it - when we got back, the man at the watch-house said "Have you got the handkerchief;" the watchman said Yes; and he said "I have found the money;" he then asked me how the money was wrapped up, and I told him it was in two pieces of paper; I had not opened my breeches in the street; I was not drunk - my fob was turned inside out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 12th of April I heard the prisoner cry Watch! - she gave charge of the prosecutor for taking a handkerchief - he then came to me, and said she had robbed him of his watch - he put his hand into her bosom and took it out - as we were going along - he said "I have lost a sovereign and a half;" I went back with him, and found the handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORNE
               



            . On Wednesday morning, the 12th of April, the prosecutor and prisoner came to the watch-house; I searched the prisoner, but found nothing upon her - the watchman and the prosecutor then went for the handkerchief - while the prisoner was pinning up her gown the papers, containing a sovereign and a half, fell from her.
Q. Did you ask where she got the money? A. Yes; and she said from a young man to buy some ivory.(Witnesses for the Defence.)


                  JOHN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am an ivory and bone turner, and live at No. 15, Rose-lane. I have known the prisoner eighteen months; she has been a very honest and industrious girl- last Tuesday four weeks I gave her a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and seven shillings to go and buy me some ivory - she went away about three o'clock, and I never heard of her again till the next morning, when I heard she was in the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  MANLEY
               



            . I am in Dixon's employ. I was at his house four weeks ago last Tuesday, and saw him give the prisoner a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and seven shillings, to go and buy some ivory; I went home to tea, and did not return that night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
