






1937. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, 1 basket, called a flat, value 1s.; 1 gown, value 2s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 3 dead pigeons, value 1s. 6d.; 2 dead fish, value 1s.; 2lbs. weight of pork, value 1s. 6d.; 4 quarts of currants, value 1s. 4d.; 20 eggs, value 1s. 6d., and 4lbs. weight of potatoes, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Barker
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Reed
               



            .
WILLIAM BARKER. I am carter
 to Thomas Wright, of Sawbridgworth. On the 16th of July I came to Smithfield


 with some lambs in my cart - there was a flat on the top of the cart, and as I crossed the market, with a load under my arm, I saw Smith leading my horse - I called to him to stop - he did so; I then missed the flat from the cart - it contained several things; I had received it from John Reed, to leave at the Ram Inn, Smithfield; Smith brought the flat back - I had not seen him take it.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 16th of July, about a quarter to four o'clock in the morning, I stood about forty yards from the cart, and saw Smith take the flat off at the corner of King-street - I ran down West-street, and saw Butler standing near the work-house in the street; Smith went up and spoke to him, and gave it to him: Smith saw me, and came up towards me; we came up to Smithfield, and he gave the flat up.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who is Butler? A. His father keeps a public-house in Smithfield; I do not know that the house is usually opened early; he had not got hold of Smith; he said, when I was taking them to the watch-house, that he had taken it from Smith, having stopped him with it - that was within a minute or two of the time. I ate nothing that was in the basket.


                  SUSAN 
                  REED
               



            . I live at Harlow, and am John Reed's brother. I know this gown and handkerchief; the other things have not been saved.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I am a constable. I received charge of the prisoners. This gown and handkerchief were in the basket when it was opended at the office.
SMITH's Defence. Butler knew nothing about it.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BUTLER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
