





0031. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, one pair of trowsers, value 12 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; one sheet, value 3 s., and one gown, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .


                  CECELIA 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . My husband's name is John, we live in Marylebone-lane


. The prisoner is my son. On the 16th of August, about six o'clock in the evening, he went out with me, but left me in about five minutes. He has not lived at home for six months. I returned in two hours, and missed the things.


                  THOMAS 
                  POILE
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Stone and Co. pawnbrokers, Oxford-street. On the 1st of August, between seven and eight o'clock, I took a pair of trowsers and a handkerchief in pledge for 8 s. of the prisoner. I knew him before.


                  RICHARD 
                  KINGSTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper Marylebone-street. On the 16th of August the prisoner pledged a sheet with me.


                  JAMES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I keep an old iron-shop, in Gee's-court. On the 16th of August, the prisoner brought some old clothes to sell. I called my wife, who offered him 15 d. for them. I did not see what they were.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 17th of August, and found the duplicate of shirt on him, he afterwards said he left his mother's gown at an oldiron-shop, in Gee's-court. I found it at Hopkin's. He did not wish me to search.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years. - 



                     Penitentiary
                  
.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
