







88. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PINK
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  KELK
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November

, 3 hats, value 3l., and 2 ruffs, value 28s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Hyde 
                        Bowler
                     



                   and other
            ; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ORGAR
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LINCOLN
               



            . I am a hatter, and live in Sackville-street. Pink was my apprentice
, and Kelk my errand-boy
; Pink had been three years with me. In consequence of information I questioned Kelk, and he gave me a great deal of information about the other prisoners, who were not present. We went to the office together.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Lincoln and Kelk came to the office on Tuesday, the 14th of November, and I went to Mr. Lincoln's house; I saw Pink, took him into the ware-room, and found some razors on him, which he said Kelk gave him - I called Kelk, and said to him, "Pink says you have been stealing some articles;" he then admitted stealing the razors from Exeter'Change, but said to Pink, "You know you told me to do it, and you stole several hats from Mr. Bowler, and left them at the coal-shed, for James, at Jarratt's, and two ruffs also;" Pink said, "I know I did, and you stole a hat from Mr. Lowe;" he also admitted that he took another hat from Mr. Bowler's to his father, who pawned it for 7s. I took them to the office, and went to Brewer-street, where Pink said his father lived, and told him Pink said he had pawned a hat - he then gave me the duplicate of it. In consequence of what Mr. Lincoln said I went to Mr. Jarratt's, a hatter, in Piccadilly; Orgar, his shopman
, was not at home; we found him there soon after; I told him Mr. Lincoln's boys had been committing depredations, and had stated that he had some hats and ruffs from a coal-shed, in Swallow-street, where they had been left - he then said, "I have had things which where left at the coal-shed, and the ruffs are now in my box;" I found them in his box, and got this hat from the pawnbroker's.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did he state any thing about a price for them? A. He said something about 26s. or 28s., but I think he said he had not paid it - he said he had sold one hat to a Jew.


                  HUGH 
                  PINK
               



            . I am Pink's father, and am a shoemaker. He brought home this hat three weeks or a month ago, and said it was a present made to him from one of Mr. Bowler's men - I questioned him strictly about it, but he still said so - I pawned it for 7s. at the corner of Crown-court - I did not ask the name of the person who gave it him, as I never knew him dishonest.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What connexion had he with Mr. Bowler? A. I believe he went there to carry hats - he never brought any thing before - I pawned it a day or two afterwards - I did not know where Bowler lived - my son said he lived over the water - I did not go there to inquire about it; it would not fit either him or me- I saw the name of Daniels of Bristol in it, after my son was gone, but suspected nothing.


                  PETER 
                  TATE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker of Crown-court; this hat was pawned by Pink's father for 7s. in this box, which has Pink's name on it.
HUGH PINK. It was a box which I had with another hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODHALL
               



            . I am foreman to John Hyde Bowler and his partners; this hat is theirs; it was put out to go to Bristol; Pink came to our house three or four times a week from Lincoln's shop, and had access to the warehouse - the wholesale price of it is 22s.; I did not miss ittill I heard of his being in custody; the ruffs cost 15s. and 16s. each; and must have been taken while I was at tea; the ruffs are in an unfinished state; he could do nothing with them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep a coal-shed in Swallow-street. I have known Orgar about a year and a half; he came to my house about seven or eight weeks ago, and asked if he might leave some boxes which he bad been with to a gentleman's house, but he was out - he then asked if his brother might leave a parcel there, and said he would come for it - Pink, who was with him then, left a parcel and hat-box - I had seen Pink pass the door with hat-boxes in his hand; the parcel was as large as these ruffs - Orgar called in two or three hours and fetched them all away - he had left things there before.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell what was in the boxes? A. No.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Five witnesses appeared to the character of Pink, and five for Orgar.
PINK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ORGAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KELK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
