





488. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, 1 counterpane, value 4s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 2 blankets, value 4s., and 1 candlestick, value 9d. the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Marshall
                     




                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  MARY 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Marshall, we live in Bennet-street, Westminster


; the prisoner came to lodge there about a month ago - she had the first floor; the articles stated in the indictment, were part of the furniture let with the rooms; she staid there three weeks, and left on a Wednesday, without notice; I went into the room on the Friday, and all these articles were missing; I found some duplicates in the table-drawer, which I gave to the watchman.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the duplicates, and got these articles from the pawnbroker's - I have known the prisoner nearly twelve months as a girl of the town.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This counterpane was pawned for 4s., on the 16th of January, by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This sheet was pawned for 3s., on the 16th of January - I do not know who by.


                  LEONARD 
                  GEORGE NEEDES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a blanket and sheet which I took in from the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It was real distress that caused me to do it - I intended to replace them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
