





728. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  STRAHAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, two coats, value 10 s.; a waistcoat, value 18 d.; a pair of trowsers, value 4 s.; a hat, value 5 s.; a pair of gloves, value 6 d. and a case of instruments, value 9 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Siever
               




            .
WILLIAM SIEVER. I am an engineer
, and lodge in Cromer-street


, with Mr. Branskill. The prisoner lodged in the same room for about a month; on the 10th of December I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from my room - they were not locked up.


                  JAMES 
                  BRANSKILL
               



            . I am a pork butcher. The prisoner and prosecutor lodged at my house. On the 10th of December the prisoner went out between nine and ten o'clock in the morning with a bundle under his arm, and never returned.
Prisoner. Q. What sort of a bundle was it. A. A handkerchief; I never saw him take any thing out before - I had no particular suspicion of him; I found him in custody on the 6th of April.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Fothergill, pawnbroker, Aldersgate-street. I have a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, pawned on the 10th of December, in the name of Jones; I cannot say who by.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  STRAHAM
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother(looking at some letters); I know these to be his handwriting.
These letters were here read; the first was addressed
"To William, my fellow lodger," and stated, that he was obliged to go to Liverpool; that he had been compelled to raise money on the prosecutor's clothes, and solicited his forgiveness. The second was addressed to Mr. Bransskill, begging him not to inform his (the prisoner's) brother of the circumstance, and expressing a hope that he should be able to redeem the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the letters.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
