





570. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAYLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 2 pairs of window-sashes, value 2l., and 2 locks, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Pratt
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            ; against the Statute.


                  EMANUEL 
                  PLAYER
               



            . I am a house-agent - I have a house at No. 31, Raven-street, Whitechapel


. On the 6th of February, I heard some window-sashes had been found by the officer; on the Saturday morning after, I went to open the door of the house, and the sashes and the locks were gone - I went to where the sashes were; we brought them back and compared them; they fitted exactly: I can swear to them - the house belonged to Mr. Anthony Pratt, to whom I am agent; I had seen the sashes safe on the Thursday, and missed them on the Saturday.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I went, in consequence of information, to a house in Whitechapel on Friday morning - I found some sash-frames on a fire burning; an old woman was in the room - Current went up stairs, and brought down the prisoner; I searched him, and found two keys on him, and in a basket under some biscuits, I found these two locks and this square of glass - the prisoner said,"That is my basket, don't break the biscuits."


                  THOMAS 
                  CURRENT
               



            . I went with Vann to the house about half-past nine o'clock; I went up stairs, and found the prisoner coming out of a room - I forced him back into the room, and found a great many squares of glass on the floor which were broken; I brought him down -Vann found the key on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I happened to call at that house- I asked the lady to let me leave the basket till the following morning; I then went again, and saw the basket and some things in it - I said, "Where is the cloth?" she said, "Up stairs;" I went up to look for it - the officer came and took me on the first floor; he took me into the room, and there was a great many squares of glass and some sash-frames, but I knew nothing of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
