





Before Mr. Justice Park.
826. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 coat, value 30s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 16s.; 7 handkerchiefs, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 6s; 5 gowns, value 6l.; 2 shawls, value 3l., and 1 pair of stockings, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Calder
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ROBERT CALDER. I live in Little Queen-street, Holborn


. I rent this house and keep a coffee-shop
 there; the prisoner lodged with me. On Monday night, the 24th of March, about eight or nine o'clock at night, I examined my drawers and they were all empty; I missed the articles stated in the indictment, they were not worth above 10l.; I have never seen them since - I have reckoned the value as low as possible; some of the gowns had only been worn twice - there was three silk gowns; one had been worn three times, that cost 2l. 10s. - I do not know whether the rest were cotton, or what; the prisoner came home a little after ten that night - I suspected him; and had him taken in charge by the street-keeper; I said to the street-keeper, in his hearing, "This is the man who robbed me," he was in bed at the time; he said, he did not rob me; I persisted in the charge, and he said voluntarily, that if I did not appear against him for twelve days, nor inform his master, he would bring me back the whole of my property again; I sent him to the watch-house as soon as he was dressed - before he went away he gave the street-keeper a key, which I knew to be the key of my drawers; his master is a mathematical instrument maker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Giles'; I was called into the prosecutor's house - the prisoner was brought down stairs to me; Hedges, the street-keeper,(who is not here,) gave me a key in the prisoner's presence, saying, it was the key of the prosecutor's drawers, the prisoner did not contradict that - I have not tried it to any place; when we got to the watch-house the prisoner told the prosecutor (who did not promise, or threaten him at all) that he would restore him all his property by Saturday week, if he would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was taken I was in great agitation, my prosecutor threatened to tell my master; I said, I would do any thing rather than he should tell master, as I was afraid of losing my character and work.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
