






1216. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BREWER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 1 live tame goose, price 5s., the property of 
                     
                        Edmund 
                        Drayton
                     



                  ; and 7 live tame goslings, price 7s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Olney
               



            .
SAMUEL OLNEY. I live on Epping Forest


. I saw my oslings safe on the 9th of June, between eight and nine o'clock at night - my boys had put them in and locked them up; the next morning, between two and three o'clock, my wife called me; hearing the old goose makea noise, I went to the house and missed the seven goslings; the boards were broken down at the back of the place; I found them at the watchhouse - one of them was dead, and the others were sadly pinched; I knew them to be mine; I brought the mother to challenge them, and they went about her as your children would come about you.


                  EDWARD 
                  DRAYTON
               



            . I had a goose feeding on the forest on the 9th of June - I had seen it about the 8th; I did not miss it till the constable brought it to me, when I knew it to be mine; it was alive, and a very peculiar one, or I could not have sworn to it.


                  JOHN 
                  HENAN
               



            . I am a watchman of Hackney-wick. On the morning of the 10th of June I saw the two prisoners in the Marsh - one had a basket and the other two parcels - they went to the bottom of an old hay-stack - when they saw me within one or two hundred yards of them they put the property down, and loitered about for twenty minutes - they then took it up and went on towards London - I let them pass on - I found by the noise that the bags had poultry in them - I followed them till they got into Three Colt-lane - I went round the Marsh, got assistance, nd they were taken - one of them had the basket, but the bags were not there - we took them to Hackney watch-house, and then went in search of the bags which we found in a rye-field, about ten yards from where I last saw them; I asked Brewer what he had done with the bags - he said he knew nothing about them - he had them when I first saw him - I had lost sight of them, but I am certain they are the persons.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a patrol. About twenty minutes before five o'clock, on the morning of the 10th of June, from what Henan said to me, I went to Cut Throat-lane, and saw the two prisoners there, near the Grove-road - Clark had the basket; I asked what he had got - he said goslings - he could not tell me how many - I asked if they were his own - he said Yes - I took him to Hackney watch-house, where we found four goslings in the basket; but in going along Brewer made off, and pretended that he knew nothing about it - I told the watchman to stop him, and we asked what he had done with the bags - he denied having had them, and said he knew nothing about them - I said "Your smock frock is wet with the bags" - he said it had been a wet night - we then went to the rye-field, and found the two bags - in one of them was the three goslings, and in the other the goose - we took them to the forest the next day - the goslings seemed to belong to the same brood - they went together directly.
Prisoner CLARK. The gentleman who owns the goslings, said he could not swear to them at the office. - Witness. I said I would not except the old mother owned them when she saw them.
CLARK'S Defence. I was coming out of the country for work, and I found the basket with the goslings in it - I then met this man - we stood talking to some boys in the hay-field - I came on to a man who was shooting in the marshes, and met the patrol, who asked me what I had got - I said goslings, which I had found on Holly Bush hill, and said they were mine.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BREWER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
