






591. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUPIER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 30 lbs. of rope, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Farringdon
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Huggens
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOUSE
               



            . I am a bargeman, and work for Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Huggens
               



            . On the 6th of April, the barge laid astern of the Tender, off the Tower


 - the rope was in the barge - I saw it safe at twelve o'clock at noon - we then went to the cabin to dinner, and about two or three yards from the barge, I saw both the prisoners in a boat, and the rope in it - they were rowed after - they pulled over as hard as they could to the Surrey side, and got into the tier. I missed them, and in a moment or two after I saw them row to the same side. We got a boat and rowed after them, and took them just by the Custom-house, and saw Dupier throw the rope overboard, they had cut it off the barge - I am sure they are the men.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



            . I belong to the Thames Police. I received them in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I belong to the barge. I saw the boat with the prisoners in it, and the rope in the boat, I assisted to bring it on board, they immediately rowed away as fast as they could - I followed with the Captain and collared them.
DUPIER'S Defence. I threw a stone overboard.
BARNETT'S Defence. He threw a stone, and they said it was this rope.
DUPIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
