





1037. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, one watch, value 3 l., one ribbon, value 1 d., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Nunn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  NUNN
               



            . On the 21st of June, about ten o'clock at night, I was going along Goswell-street


, and the prisoner ran up to me and snatched my watch out of my fob, and ran down a narrow passage just by. I instantly pursued him, crying Stop thief! He was stopped - I came up and collared him; I am sure he is the man. I lost sight of him a short time; there was a strong gas-light by the spot where he robbed me - I knew him again instantly; I saw his face. I have not found the watch.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a harness-maker. I was about two yards behind the prosecutor, and saw the prisoner run down the passage - the watch was in his hand; I did not see him again till he was in the watch-house. I am positive of him by his dress - he had a fustian jacket and white apron tucked round him. When he ran down the passage, two young fellows ran up to him. There was a good gaslight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEAKEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry, and saw the prisoner running as from Goswell-street; two men stopped him - I ran up. He said,
"It is not me, watchman, I am only running like the rest" - there were some people running before him. The prosecutor came up in a moment, and declared that he was the lad.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman called Stop thief! I saw somebody running, and ran down the passage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
