





1223. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               




            , THE YOUNGER, was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 14 spoons, value 5l.; 1 tea-pot, value 10l.; 1 sugar-basin, value 8l.; 1 milk-pot, value 3l.; 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1l., and 2 seals, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Wheeler
               




            .
SARAH WHEELER. I am a widow
, and keep a public-house
 in Crutched-friars. On the 8th of January I delivered the articles stated in the indictment to the prisoner- they were in a box with others - he is my nephew, and was to take them to his father's in Tyson-street, Clerkenwell, as I did not think them safe on account of my lodgers. I did not tell him what was in the box.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you not delivered him some spoons? A. Yes, the day before - he brought them back.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILD
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker in Chiswell-street, Middlesex. The prisoner pawned two table-spoons and twelve tea-spoons with me on the 22d of January, in the name of Jane Wheeler; a tea-pot, sugar-basin, and milk-pot on the 23d, and a gold watch, chain, and seak on the 24th, in the name of Sarah Wheeler - he said she was his mother.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. On the 21st of April the prisoner was delivered into my charge.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  PEARCE
               



            . On the 7th of April I received a letter from the prisoner's father giving information, which I communicated.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               



            , SEN. I am the prisoner's father. I knew the box was at my house - I gave him no authority to pawn the articles - my sister asked leave to send some plate to my house - I saw the box there and concluded that it contained plate - I opened it and the hasp came off; I opened it because my son had left the house.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See page 409.)
