






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
728. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously and maliciously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Carter
                     




                  , on the 26th of January
, with intent, his goods and monies from his person, and against his will, violently and feloniously to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT, with intent to rob him.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
JAMES CARTER. I am a farmer
, and live in Coneyhatch-lane, Finchley. I have known Smith twelve years; on the night of the 26th of January at half-past seven o'clock, I was stopped by two men; Smith, who was one, came up and gave me a nudge on the arm; I rather turned round to get from him; he presented some fire arms (it was bigger in the nozzle than a gun) to my face. and demanded my money; the other was close at his side - I said I had hardly enough to buy a pot of beer; the other then said, "Deliver up your watch and all your property, or else I will blow your brains out;" they both took hold of my handkerchief, and swore that if I spoke one word they would blow my brains out. Smith kicked me very hard on the left shin, and tried to throw me down - I then heard two waggons coming; I told them I would soon fix them - they then ran away; I saw several men - and called Murder, and Stop thief! it happened very near Mr. Gale's house; I went out afterwards to the spot, and picked up my handkerchief there in Collard's presence.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Can you swear to Barnes? A. Yes. I only knew him by his dress - Smith was taken to Gale's house that night - I swore to him there as the man who presented the fire-arms; he was let go, as I did not want to appear against him; Barnes made his escape over a hedge; it was dark.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What dress had the man who accompanied Smith? A. A very dark blue or black coat, and dark trousers - the figure of the man was like Barnes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the night of the 26th of January, Carter pointed out a spot - I saw him pick up his handkerchief; and on that spot I found a large case-knife.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take Smith that night? A. Yes, at Gale's - I let him go, as neither of the men who were stopped could identify him; Carter said at first,"Harry, you are the man that stopped me;" he afterwards seemed to deny it.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. About a quarter to eight; I did not find Barnes that night; he was taken at his father's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . I keep a public-house on Finchley Common, about half a mile from Gale's; I know Smith, and have seen Barnes once or twice; on this night, about six o'clock, they came to my house together; they left about seven, or a little after, together - I believe this knife to be mine; I lent them just such a one with some bread and cheese - I am certain of Barnes being with Smith; he had a dark coat and dark trousers.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BARNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            . (See page 209.)
