





1494. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that she being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Byers
                        




                     
                  , did steal on the 17th of October
, three gowns, value 30 s.; six caps, value 48 s., and one pelisse, value 20 s., his property, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Odell
                     



.


                  EDWARD 
                  BYERS
               



            . I lodge in Trevess-square, Westminster


; the house is 
               
                  William 
                  Odell
               



            's. Prisoner was servant of all work to me for about three weeks; she slept in the front kitchen, which is below stairs; there is an area in front, secured by iron pallisades. On Thursday, the 17th of this month, about half past four o'clock in the morning, my family were disturbed by the prisoner (I and my wife slept in the first floor back room); she said there was a thief in the house, who had been up to her beside, on the side adjoining the kitchen door. I went down with my wife and Mr. and Mrs. Odell, and found the door closed as it was the night before; the kitchen window, which opens downwards, was partly open. I found nobody in the house. There was a table near the window, which was white deal - had any one come in with dirty feet, there must have been impressions on it, but there were none, nor any marks on the cill, either inside or outside. On going into the kitchen, the clothes which had been washed the preceding day hung on the horse; and on enquiring of her what was stolen, she said she had ironed three dresses of my wife's, three lace caps, and two or three night caps, and hung them on the horse last night; and that the thief must have taken them. I immediately went to the watchman, who was calling half-past four o'clock; he came in, and stated in her presence, that at four o'clock, on going his rounds, he observed the kitchen shutters open, a candle burning, and the clothes horse covered with clothes. I examined the doors, and finding them all secure, I suspected her, and gave her in charge; she was taken to the watch-house; she was undressed when she came to my room. My wife and myself and Mr. Odell's servant made search, and on examining the prisoner's bed, between the bed and sacking, we found the identical articles stated in the indictment (which she had stated to be stolen), put up in a bundle - the caps were lace. My wife found a pelisse in another part of the bed. When the prisoner was given in charge, she was sitting on the bed, on the spot under which the bundle was found, and expressed great reluctance to quit that place.
MRS. BYERS. I am the wife of the last witness. This property is ours. When my husband went to the watch-house with the prisoner, I remained in the kitchen sometime, and then we all went up stairs; we did not put the bundle in the bed. I had missed the pelisse two or three days before from the drawer, and told her; but upon her expressing a doubt of having even seen it, I thought I might have put it in a trunk up stairs. I had worn the other things while she lived with us, but had not seen the pelisse. The property is worth about 30 s. second hand.


                  SOPHIA 
                  OAKLEY
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Odell at the time. I searched the place with the prosecutor, and saw the things found - I never put them there; they were all rolled up in a bundle, except the pelisse. I used to go into the kitchen now and then. On the night before the robbery, she asked me to sleep with her, and said something came over her that the house would be robbed that night - I declined; but said I would tell the watchman to watch the house - she said,
"No, nonsense." I told her to bar the window up; she said, Oh! no, how was she to get up in the morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did I never ask you to sleep with me before - A. Yes. I went to her bed one night, because my own was hard, and I could not sleep. I had nothing to do with the wash.


                  HENRY 
                  RANCE
               



            . I am a watchman. The house is in my beat. Byers called me at half-past four o'clock - I went into the house. I had been in my proper place all night - my box is near the house. I saw no attack made on the house; I should have heard it if any had been made. I observed before four o'clock, that the window was open, and a light burning and the clothes on the horse, before the fire. When I went into the house, the prisoner said there had been a thief there - she said she saw him, and that she supposed he came in by the window; that he was a stout jolly lad, and that he came close to her bed-side; that she did not see him go away, for she was alarmed, and ran up stairs to call her master. She mentioned what was missing. It was a dirty night, and nobody could have come in without making a dirt there - on the cill and table there was none. I took her to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you had been to Brompton-row - A. That is in my beat, and is not twenty yards off. I was calling half-past four.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 30 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
