





1587. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TOOKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 2 spoons, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                   
                     Charles William 
                     Hales
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hales. On the20th of July the prisoner called on me as a friend - I knew him before; he is no relation; he staid in the kitchen nearly an hour - nobody else was there; I did not know what way of life he was in; these silver dessert spoons were in the kitchen closet - I did not miss them till the 22nd of July; I saw two of them afterwards at the Mansion-house, when the prisoner was in custody - I did not give him leave to take them; they have master and mistress' initials on them - I had left him alone in the kitchen while I went down to the cellar; the key is always left in the closet.
Prisoner. Q. Was not the boy who cleans the shoes in the kitchen? A. I do not think he was, for I had cleaned a pair of boots, because nobody was there to do them.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I went to the prosecutor's, hearing of the loss, and got a description of the spoons printed; I found two of them that night at Collins', in Shoreditch; I found where the prisoner lodged next day, and left word for him to come down to the hall, as the young woman wanted to see him about a situation - he came, and I apprehended him.


                  JOHN 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Collins, a pawnbroker. On the 22nd of July I took in two spoons, with the initials C. M. H. for 8s. 6d., from a lad, who I do not recollect.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM HALES
               



            . I charged the prisoner with stealing the spoons; he begged I would not prosecute him, and if I would allow him he would recover the spoons, and replace them - he said he had pawned four, and given one away; I do not recollect his saying where he had pawned them - he said he had destroyed the duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never mentioned any such thing; if guilty, do you think I should go to the house, and wait for an hour before he came.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
