





1086. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  ARCHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, seven 5l. Bank notes, and five hundred 1l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Chaplin
               




             and others, his partners.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  FREDERICK STONEBRIDGE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Robinson, Bolton, and Watt. On the 11th of April I received a cheque for 535l. from Mr. Moseley, their agent; I took it to the Bank of England, and got a cash note in exchange, for which I received five hundred 1l. notes, Nos. 80,001 to 80,500, and seven 5l. notes - I inclosed them with a magazine in a brown paper parcel, and delivered it to James Foyle, at the coach office, Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, having sealed it, and directed it to Mr. John Robinson, Soho, Birmingham - it was booked, and an insurance paid on it.
Cross-examined by Mr. ALLEY. Q. Are you sure you delivered it to Foyle? A. Yes; he was not examined at the office; I believe he was unwell - he was at the second examination, but was not called.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN BOUQUET
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank, and have an entry of the notes paid for this cash note, on the 11th of April - the 1l. notes were Nos. 80,001 to 80,500.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOK LARKMAN
               



            . In April last I was clerk to Mr. Wm. Chaplin, who keeps the Spread Eagle
 - he has partners in the Birmingham coaches. On the 11th of April I saw this parcel on the desk - it was entered as valuable, and directed to Mr. Robinson, Birmingham, and insured for 535l. Evans, the guard was waiting for the parcels, and I delivered it to him, informing him the amount of it, and requesting him to take charge of it - it was a square brown paper parcel; he put it into his breast pocket, and went out of the office.
Cross-examined. Q. Foyle is a clerk in your office? A. Yes; he has been ill; we expected him here - I have not seen him for two days myself - he was then at the Spread Eagle - he entered the parcel, and I copied it on the way-bill - I took it from the place where we put valuable parcels, and delivered it to Evans - Foyle pointed it out to me as being insured.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. When did you first see the parcel? A. About half-past four o'clock - there was nobody behind the counter but Foyle, I, and the porter - it was under my eye from when I first saw it till it was delivered to Evans.


                  RICHARD 
                  EVANS
               



            . I was guard of the Brimingham coach. On Tuesday, the 11th of April, I received from Larkman a square brown paper parcel, tied up and directed to Robinson and Co., Birmingham - he told me it was worth 535l. - I put it into an inside seat of the coach, (I cannot tell which) for safety - it goes from the Spread Eagle to the Bull and Mouth - it was missed on the road.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe some persons were cruel enough to suspect that you did not put it into the seat at all? A. A great many were cruel enough against me; the prosecutors had me apprehended- I was in gaol for a fortnight at Birmingham, and was then brought to town; I swear that I put it inside the seat - I saw Foyle at Bow-street.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Have you always said you saw it inside the coach? A. Yes; it was missed down at Birmingham, and I was put into gaol next day.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANNELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Stevens, of the Rose and Crown, Little Britain. Evans lodged there - I used to carry his coat to the Bull and Mouth - I took it there on Tuesday, the 11th of April, and saw the prisoner in the Birmingham coach - he was shabbily dressed in black, which drew my attention, and I mentioned it - he was inside the coach - two other gentlemen were also inside.


                  JOHN 
                  CHASE
               



            . I am a surgeon, and live at King Norton, Worcestershire. On the 11th of April I got into the Birmingham coach at the Bull and Mouth; the prisoner and a gentleman were inside when I got in - the prisoner was dressed very shabbily in black, which fixed my attention on him - I am certain of him - I noticed him as I had property about me; I merely asked him how far he was going - he said to Stoney Stratford - I asked afterwards if he lived there - he said No, he was only going there for a few days; the coach stopped in Market-street, Bedfordshire, to supper - it is about thirty miles off - I got out first, the other gentleman next, and then the prisoner - we had taken up a female at Islington, and put her down before we got to Market-street; I took some refreshment, but did not observe the prisoner till I had nearly done supper - he got into the coach with us again - I was the first who got in. The prisoner left the coach at Stoney Stratford, which is about twenty-five miles from Market-street, about half-past twelve or one at night.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. He had told you he was going to stop there? A. Yes. The other gentleman is not here - I believe he was a military man - he was a traveller - the prisoner frequently got in and out when we changed horses - he had no great coat - neither the gentleman nor I left the coach till we got to Market-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I keep the Bell inn, in Market-street. On the 11th of April, about ten o'clock at night, the Birmingham coach arrived - three passengers got out- Mr. Chase was one, and I recollect the prisoner very well - he took some liquor and water, but did not sit down; I noticed that he went out of the house three times while the coach was there, and the last time he staid in the passage.
Cross-examined. Q. You must have taken great notice of him? A. Yes. Persons do not always take supper; some only take liquor and water; they more generally sup than not; I noticed the prisoner by his going out three times - there was a back place for him to go to without going out in front.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. You learned soon afterwards of this loss? A. Yes, on the Friday.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            , JUN. On the 11th of April I remember the Birmingham coach stopping at my father's - I was on the near side of the coach when the prisoner got out - I was looking after the coach to see the things were all correct, and observed him go to the near side and open the coach door, while the others were at supper; on hearing it open I went to the near side - he left the coach, and afterwards went away in it.
Cross-examined. Q. You were watching the coach - now did he take any thing out? A. I did not see him open the door, as I was on the other side - it hardly took me a second to go round - his right foot was on the step; I asked him what he wanted - I saw him leave the coach but cannot say whether he had any thing in his hand or not - I saw him shut the door with one hand - I told him what he wanted to ask the guard for, (and he went towards the house) because the guard said he had lost two coats a few nights before - I was with the coach from the time it arrived till it started - there was a lamp on each side, but no other light.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILES
               



            . I am guard of the Union Birmingham coach, which meets this coach at Stoney Stratford. On the 11th of April, about one o'clock at night, we met it about a quarter of a mile on the other side Stoney Stratford; at Stoney Stratford the prisoner asked if I had room outside to London - he was very meanly dressed in black, and had no great coat - it was a very wet morning - I lent him my box coat - he came to London with us, and got down at the Pitt's Head public-house, at the corner of Old-street, about eight o'clock in the morning. The rain cleared off about day-break - he pulled off my coat, and from inside his coat I saw him pull a smallish parcel, covered with a kind of light brown paper - it appeared to be chafed a little on the edges with wet.
Cross-examined. Q. A person with plenty of money would rather go inside? A. He said he had not plenty of money - the parcel appeared to be in common rought brown paper - I only saw it once, as he pulled it out to look at it and put it in again.
Q. It was a light whitey-brown paper parcel? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Inspector's office in the Bank. On the 12th of April, about one o'clock, the prisoner brought two hundred 1l. notes, to be changed for gold - they were in four parcels of 50l. each. with the Bank halter on them - we always issue them tied in fifties; I am confident of his person; he handed this paper to me as his address, "Thomas Matthews, No. 21, Euston-square; 200 1l. notes;" I have kept the paper ever since. I inspected the notes, then took him to the Treasury, to get a 200l. note for them, which I gave him, with a pen, to write his name on the large note, which he handed to the pay clerk, with a name on it - it was quite a new note, with no writing on it; I delivered the same 200 1l. notes to the cashier at the Treasury, but did not see the 200l. note after he wrote on it; I saw him deliver it to Mr. Higman, to get gold for it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he his hat on? A. He took it off in the office, but when I first saw him it was on; he was there full twenty minutes; I do not suppose more than one or two other persons were with me that day - ours is a private office; he happened to be admitted within the office by accident, that makes me remember him - he was shabbily dressed.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Is it usual for notes to come to you with the Bank halter on them? A. Yes, it is an every day occurrence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIGMAN
               



            . I am a pay clerk at the Bank. On the 12th of April I gave a 200l. note to a person who Mr. Middleton pointed out - it was quite new - I afterwards got the number and date of the note from the Treasury - this is it (looking at it); we never issue two notes of the same number and date - it has now writing on it; I received it afterwards from an office in the Bank with this writing on it, and have brought it here.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the number of it? A. I got it from the Treasury - the book is not here.
MR. BOUQUET re-examined. I have my books here. On the 12th of April here are entries of the whole 500 1l. notes coming into the Treasury again - they had only been paid out on the 11th, and we re-issued them on the 12th.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS RUTHVEN
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information I went to Lewes, in Sussex, on the 9th of May, and found the prisoner in the shop of Mr. Sycamore, a baker; I said "How do you do, Mr. Archer?" he said "My name is not Archer;" I said "I am sure it is;" and while this was passing Mrs. Sycamore came from the parlour into the shop; she said she was his sister - he immediately said to her "They want to persuade me my name is Archer;" I said "I am an officer, please to tell me his name?" she said "Yes, Sir, it is Archer;" he did not deny it then.



                  THOMAS 
                  BENJAMIN KINGSTON
               



            . I am a teller at the Bank. On the 12th of April I paid two hundred sovereigns for this 200l. note in the name of Matthews, which is in front of the note, as required; I paid no other 200l., in sovereigns, that day. I am certain this is the note for which I paid them - it is No. 51,862, and the address "Thomas Matthews, No. 21, Euston-square."
Cross-examined. Q. Do you find that, by any mark you have made on the note? A. No. by the book; the name in the book is the same as on the note.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
