






335. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BURSTOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December

, a watch, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Irvine
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHIELDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .
JAMES IRVINE. I belong to the 12th regiment of Foot Guards
. On the 17th of December, I went into the Duke of York, public-house, at Chelsea



; the prisoner, Burstow, was in the tap-room, and brought me a pot of beer; he appeared to be the pot-boy
, and in paying him for it I pulled my watch out and gave it him to hold while I got my money out - he returned it to me, and in a few minutes he came and demanded a penny more; I pulled my watch out, he took it out of my hand, and ran away with it. Handley went after him; I found him in custody next day. I was not sober. He took my purse as well.
Prisoner BURSTOW. Q. Did not you pull me down, and ask me to sing a song - A. No; he proposed to sing one, but the people would not let him.


                  JAMES 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I was in the Duke of York; Burstow came in; I thought he was waiter at the house - I was billetted there; he wanted to sing a song for some beer - I took him by the arm and handed him out; I went out, and the prosecutor called for a pot of beer; the prosecutor came out into the street after him; I followed him three-quarters of a mile, and laid hold of him - he pulled me down and got off, and next day his master brought him back, and gave him in charge. I saw a young woman hand him a glove - I took hold of it, and found the duplicate of the watch in it.

JOHN M'FARLEY. I was billetted at this house. Irvine came in about ten o'clock, and ordered some beer, and gave Burstow the watch to hold while he pulled some halfpence out; he returned it, and came back to him, saying,
"Master, there is a penny short of the price of a pot." Irvine pulled his watch out, and put it into his own left hand; the prisoner took it out, with his purse, and ran out. He is not the pot-boy.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHAMPION
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge. Handley put his hand into mine, in which hand I found a glove, containing the duplicate of the watch.


                  LEONARD 
                  NEEDES
               



            . The prisoner Shields pawned this watch with me, in the name of Smith, on the 17th of December, about noon, and said it was his own.
BURSTOW'S Defence. This gentleman laid hold of me, asked me to sing a song, and sent me for a pot of beer; he had not enough by three-halfpence, which I paid, and asked him for it; he said he had no more, and gave me the watch.
SHIELDS' Defence. Burstow sent me to pawn the watch; I gave him the duplicate and money.
BURSTOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SHIELDS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
