






306. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HILL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 56 yards of cotton, value 2 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lionel 
                     Mayhew
                  




               
            .


                  LIONEL 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Silvester-row, Hackney


. This cotton was stolen from my door.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHERIFF
               



            . I am a hat-maker, and live in Grove-place, Hackney. On the 8th of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners pass and go towards the prosecutor's shop; they returned in two or three minutes, and stood conversing together; then one went towards the shop, and in a few minutes both ran back together. One had a white apron, and the other a black one - they undid them. I ran to Mayhew's, and he missed two pieces of print; we pursued them to the fields, and saw them looking behind them; when they saw us one of them crossed the field; we called Stop thief! and they were taken; one of them dropped the print.


                  HENRY 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I heard a cry, and Dean ran by me, I got up to him, and he put himself in a fighting attitude. I knocked him down, and kept him down with my knee. He got up and tried to run, but the posts stopped him, and knocked the print out of his hand - I secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I met Hill with a parcel in his white apron; Dean followed him very close, and said,
"D - n it, go it." I ran with Sheriff to secure them - they seperated. Morrison secured Dean, and I took Hill.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I took the prisoners in charge; they denied knowing each other.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DEAN'S Defence. I met a man who asked me to carry a bundle.
HILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
DEAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
