






1771. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KNOWLES
               




             and 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  TURNER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 9th of September
, a pair of trousers, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Benjamin
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARWARD
               



            . I am a bellows-maker. Benjamin is a clothes salesman
, and lives in Whitecross-street


. I live in the house - On the 19th of September, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the two prisoners near the house, in company with another person. I saw Knowles go down a step of the cellar where I works, and he asked me some question about a job which I had done some time before; Turner stood at the head of the cellar, and I saw him handling a pair of trousers; I thought for the purpose of buying them - immediately as Knowles stepped up again, they both assisted in taking down the trousers - Knowles put them into his apron, and they walked away. I ran up into the street and cried Stop thief! and called the prosecutor. Turner did not get out of our sight, but Knowles did, with the trousers, but he was brought back the next morning. I am quite positive of them - They have not been found.
SOLOMON BENJAMIN. I keep this shop - I lost a pair of trousers from there, which I have not seen since.


                  JOHN 
                  WALL
               



            . I am a constable; I took Turner into custody, and found Knowles the next morning.
KNOWLES' Defence. I was standing talking to my sister when the officer said he had information against me for stealing a pair of trousers. I said I knew nothing about them, and asked him from where - he said Mr. Benjamin's; I went to the house and saw his wife; I asked her if she had any information against me. The witness came up out of the cellar, and the officer said, "Is this the man," he said, "I think it is;" he then went into the cellar and brought up a lad, and asked him if he could swear to my person; he said, "I think I can;" then said he, "If you can, I can."
TURNER'S Defence. I was going for some grindery for my brother, for whom I work, and the witness came and said I had a pair of trousers in my apron. I had none.

JOHH HAYWARD re-examined. Q. You say that Knowles came and spoke to you? A. Yes, the officer called, me up into the shop, and I said, before a word was spoken, "That is the man" - the boy was then called and asked if he could say it was him - he said he could.
One witnesses gave Turner a good character.
KNOWLES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Three Months
            .
