






1492. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  COWDEN
               





             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFIN
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d July
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Munns
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES MUNNS. On the 28th of July, I was in Sydney's-alley. The officer came and asked me if I had had any thing taken from my pocket. I felt, and missed my handkerchief from my right-hand coat pocket. I had it about three minutes before - here it is; they had the prisoners in custody with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . About half-past eight o'clock on the evening of the 28th of July, I saw the prisoners in the courts leading from Leicester-fields to St. Martin's-lane, following a gentleman; the prosecutor came by, and they pressed up against him. I saw Cowden do something, and then put something into his breeches and go away - they then took to the left hand, and the prosecutor the right. I sent Reardon to tell the prosecutor, and took the prisoners into a public-house. I then took off Griffin's hat and found the handkerchief.
Prisoner GRIFFIN. Q. I was not in company with Cowden? A. Yes, you was for a quarter of an hour backwards and forwards through the courts. I had seen them in Long-acre before they saw the prosecutor.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I was with Colton. I saw the prisoners first at the end of Long-acre; they went to the end of St. Martin's-court


. I then saw the prosecutor, and the two prisoners close behind him. I did not see them do any thing; but I saw them leave him at the end of the alley, and they turned off to Bear-street. I then went and told the prosecutor.
COWDEN'S Defence. I was coming from work. I saw something on the ground, and kicked it before me. I then took it up, and saw it was a handkerchief. I met this young man at the corner of Bear-street, talking to a woman - I shewed it to him, and he said he would give me a pot of beer for it.
GRIFFIN'S Defence. I live in Stephen-street, Tottenham-court-road. I met a young woman, and stood talking to her at the corner of Bear-street; the prisoner came to me, and said he had found this handkerchief, which he would sell. I said I would give him a pot of beer for it, and we were going to have it, when the officers came up and took us.
COWDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
GRIFFIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
