





1187. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRAZER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, three table cloths, value 40 s.; one coat, value 10 s.; one waistcoat, value 5 s., the goods of Sir


                        Henry 
                        Lushington
                     



                  , Bart.
, and one pair of breeches, value 5 s.; one shirt, value 3 s., and one cravat, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry Carpenter

                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Sir Henry Lushington
            .


                  ANN 
                  BURNETT
               



            . I am servant to Sir H. Lushington, of Baker-street, Portman-square


. At dinner time the bell rang, I went to answer it, and saw the prisoner in the housekeeper's room, made an alarm, and my fellow servant came and took him.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was fetched, and took the prisoner. These things were all collected together in a bag, ready to be taken away.


                  STEPHEN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am servant to Sir H. Lushington. I heard an alarm given, and found the prisoner standing in his room. I asked his business, looked round, and found he had collected all this property together, and laid it on the chair. I asked what he was going to do with them he began crying, and said he was a poor fellow out of place, and came to ask us to give him something; I asked which way he came; he said, through the window - I found a bag by the things - he said, it was his; I asked if he was going to carry the things away in it, he made me no answer. I sent for an officer, who took him - the table-cloths are my masters. I have the coat and waistcoat on - a shirt and pair of breeches belonging to me were among them.
Prisoner. Q. Do you swear I got in at the window - A. You said so, my clothes hung behind the door before he came, and the cloths were in a different part of the room.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked the servant if she left the window open - she said, she did. I came in at the door and asked a man if he had any boots to sell; he said come in - the brewer rang the bell, and the woman called out
"Oh, my G - d, here is a man in the house" - they found nothing in my basket - he took the bag out of the basket.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
