






1890. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BONNER
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 6 ducks, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Blyth
               




            .
ANDREW BLYTH. I live at Edmonton


, and am a surveyor
. I lost six ducks, on Sunday, the 7th of September, and six others were killed; I had seen them all safe the night before; and at eight o'clock that morning, I missed them from my shed, which is about thirty yards from my house; there was no violence on the shed door, but it appeared as if some animal (I presume a dog) had got under - there are some men about there who have dogs trained for that purpose: I saw my ducks at the watch-house; they were dead, and appeared as if worried and taken hold of by a dog - they were bloody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a watchman. At a quarter-past one o'clock that night, I saw the two prisoners, about one mile from the prosecutor's, with something under their arms; I told Overton - he went and took Martin, and I took Bonner; I found nothing on him.


                  HENRY 
                  OVERTON
               



            . I was with Mann, and saw the prisoners coming down the road, with a bundle in Martin's possession; I followed, stopped him, and asked what he had got - I felt the bundle, and it appeared to me to be poultry; I took him and delivered him up to the constable - there was a dog of a whitish colour, running after them; he followed us to the watch-house, and there we lost him - the constable found six ducks in the bundle, which the prosecutor saw in the morning and claimed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILDERSON
               



            . I am a constable of Edmonton. I was called up, between one and two o'clock, by the two watchmen; they gave charge of the two prisoners, and the bundle, which contained six ducks dead, but warm - they neither of them gave any account of them: I shewed the same ducks to the prosecutor, who owned them directly.
BONNER's Defence. I was on my road for Edmonton, and overtook the prisoner; I walked with him, but had not gone half a mile before the watchmen took him and me.
MARTIN's Defence. I went to Tottenham, and stopped rather late at a public-house; I kicked against this bundle and took it up - this young man overtook me.
BONNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
