





1002. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  William 
                  Bunclark
               




            .
WILLIAM BUNCLARK. I am a servant
. Between ten and eleven o'clock on Monday, the 17th of April, I was going to Long-acre. I came up from Winchester to see my sister, who was ill - the prisoner overtook me between the London Apprentice public-house and the Lying-in-hospital, in Old-street-road - he walked by my side, and a person two or three yards before him dropped a needle-case; I had not noticed that person before - the prisoner took up the case, opened it, and took out a needle and bodkin, and stuck them in his coat, and then took a pin from his coat and put it into the needle case - he then tapped me on the shoulder and said "I will have a joke with him" - he then walked up to the man and said, "My friend, you have dropped something;" he said "It is not of much consequence; it is only a needle-case with a couple of needles in it;" the prisoner then said "You are a saucy fellow, you do not care whether you have it or not I suppose? and I will lay you a quart of beer there is no needle in it;" the man then said,"I will lay you 2l. there are needles in it;" the prisoner said he had not 2l. with him, but if he would wait till he went home, he would go and get 2l.; the person said he could not wait, and the prisoner asked me if I had a sovereign I could lend him, as he could win 20l. of him - I told him I had not a sovereign, nor shilling, nor halfpenny, about me, which I had not - he then asked me if I would pawn my watch to lend him a sovereign - I hesitated a moment, but soon consented to go with him to Mr. Walker's, the pawnbroker, in Tabernacle-row, where I pawned my watch for a sovereign, which I lent him, and the prisoner said he would return me the money as soon as the bet was decided - when we got into the street there were two or three other persons assembled, and the prisoner said to the other man,"I will bet all the money I have, which is 3s., besides the sovereign" - a third person held the stakes, which the prisoner put into his hand, and the case was opened - a pin and a needle were both in it - as soon as the prisoner saw that he ran away, and I pursued him - the two persons near me attempted to hold me, but I got away, and followed the prisoner - the stake-holder was one who tried to stop me - a young man pointed out the way the prisoner had gone, and then a second person assisted in running, and a third person came and caught him as he was attempting to go into a house - I have never seen my sovereign again, nor the man who held it.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. What are you, a shepherd out of place? A. No; I was a gentleman's servant - I lived with a gentleman near Winchester - I served an apprenticeship to a clergyman in Devonshire. who was a farmer - the place where this happened is not a great thoroughfare - the prisoner did not speak to me before the case was dropped - I had not noticed the man who dropped it; I had no share in the bet myself; I did not take the stake-holder, because the prisoner had the money from me.
COURT. Q. You did not lend him the money to pay you when he could, but to be paid immediately? A. Yes; as soon as he had won the bet.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Weller-street, Paul-street, Finsbury-square. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner and another man pursuing him - the prosecutor called Stop thief! - I ran after the prisoner and desired him to stop - he said he had done nothing - I said "You must stop" - he said he would give me a sovereign to let him go - the prosecutor and another person then came up, and we went down the Curtain-road - the prisoner said he would make the young man's money up; we took him to the sign of the King John public-house, and he sent some person to get the money made up - the prosecutor then went and got an officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Then they took him without waiting to see if any person brought the money back? A. No; I was given to understand the money was brought to Worship-street - a woman came and brought the money with her, and offered to make it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tabernacle-row. I saw the prisoner and the prosecutorcome into my shop - the prosecutor received the money, and the prisoner paid for the ticket.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and assisted, in taking the prisoner - he bit me in the hand and kicked me - my leg is bad now with it, and he struck me near the temple.


                  JAMES 
                  HACKWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in taking the prisoner - he had been stopped before I came up.
Prisoner's Defence. I had not the least intention of robbing him - he lent me the sovereign, and I had 3s., which I likewise lost - when the prosecutor saw the man had won the wager he pursued me, and I told him if he would come with me I would return him the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
