





24. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  TUFFTS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Rachel 
                           Levi
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 26th of November
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, one box, value 6 d., two gowns, value 4 s.; two pair of stockings, value 1 s.; one petticoat, value 6 d., and one bonnet value 1 s., her property
            .


                  RACHEL 
                  LEVI
               



            . I live in Worship-street. I was sent to Mr. Israel, button-merchant, of St. Mary-axe; on the 26th of November, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Duke-street, St. James's-place


, I had a band-box in my hand, containing the articles stated in the indictment - I was just going to knock at Mr. Aaron's door, No. 16, and somebody snatched away my band-box, I made no resistance thinking it was a joke at the time, I turned round, they ran away - I then called Stop thief! the prisoner was stopped in my sight, I saw him throw the band-box down; he was quite a stranger to me, the box was picked up, it was torn, and some things fell out, part were found at one end of the street, and some at the other end, some are lost - the two gowns and bonnet were picked up.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I work in Duke-street, Aldgate, in the City. On the 26th of November, between nine and ten o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was coming along with a flannel petticoat in his hand - I seized him, nobody but him was running, the watchman came up directly, I did not see Levi till we came to the watch-house, she said she had lost a gown and others things, and a box, she claimed the petticoat which I took from his hand, and the gowns picked up.


                  JOHN 
                  HOSKINS
               



            . I am a watchman; my box is close to where the robbery was committed. Levi passed my box, and after that I heard a cry of Stop thief! I pursued and picked up two gowns - I found the prisoner in custody, nobody was running but him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. Theprisoner was brought to the watch-house, the things produced, and claimed by the prosecutrix.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
