






137. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DOWNS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing; on the 3d of December
, 30lbs. weight of brass, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  May
               



             and 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Morritt
               



            , his masters.


                  JOHN 
                  OSBORN
               



            . I live with Mr. Edward May and Aaron Morritt. The prisoner was their porter
 - he was not authorised to sell any articles - these articles are their property - they are made of brass and gilded.
Prisoner. Q. How longbefore my apprehension is it since you saw that brass figure? A. A long time - perhaps two years; it was in a cellar - there is no private mark on it, but I can swear to it. I cannot swear there is not such a thing to be had in the trade. I do not pretend to swear to the other part of the property.


                  RICHARD 
                  PITT
               



            . I live with my father in Brownlow-street, Long-acre - he deals in metal. I saw the prisoner at our shop last Saturday - he brought 40lbs. weight of old metal - there was nobody at home but me - he offered it for sale, we had bought some metal of him a fortnight before, and having received some information, I stopped him. He gave no account of the property, but got away, and ran down the street - a neighbour stopped him about one hundred yards off. He had been in the habit of coming for about two months.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time of the fire in Mortimer-street, there were a great many things brought out of the kitchen, and I had a great many things given to me. I sold them at Pitt's-place - it is three months since, - Many servants have things given to them which are not worth repairing, and I have sold them for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
