






1370. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LONG
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GOODMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .
WILLIAM QUIN. I am a coal-dealer, and keep a shop in the general line, in Short's-gardens, Drury-lane - I keep a horse and cart. Goodman came to me on Wednesday, the 3d of June, about ten o'clock; he asked if I had a horse and van; I said, "No, I had a horse and two carts;" he asked what I charged an hour; I said 1s. 6d.; he said one of my carts was too small; I said, "I have another, come in and see it;" he said, "That is too large, it is for two sheets of lead, which weigh about 11cwt.;" but he said,
"Come along, never mind, I am in a hurry;" he got into my cart, and we went on to the bottom of Fleet-street; he then said,
"We have a job in the City; you go on, and deliver this to Walker and Parker, at Bull-wharf, Thames-street, in Mr. Briggs' name," giving me a letter, sealed up; I could not tell what was inside it: I took it there, and they delivered two sheets of lead into my cart- it weighed 13cwt. 3lbs.; I know nothing of Long.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I am a plumber, in partnership with my son, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Minton
               



             Briggs - we live at No. 25, Dean-street, Frith-street. The prisoner Long was in my service; I know the firm of Walker and Parker, at the Red Bull-wharf - we do business with them; this order is signed, "S. M. Briggs and Son" - it is not my writing, nor my son's, nor of any one in my service - nor is it the name of our firm, as it should be S. Briggs and Son: we never sign in this way at all.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANSELL
               



             CRIPPER. I am a clerk to Messrs. Walker, Parker and Co. I gave directions for the delivery of this lead, in consequence of the receipt of this order, which I believed to be from Messrs. Briggs; it was delivered to me while I was in the office - I do not recollect by whom, but to the best of my knowledge, it was our assistant-warehouseman; it was on Wednesday, the 3d of June, I delivered it to Quin, who gave me his card.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite sure this is the very identical paper? A. Yes - it has not been in my possession ever since; I made no mark on it, but I feel satisfied it is the same.


                  JOHN 
                  SLOUGH
               



            . I am a painter, and live in Chichester-place, St. Pancras. I know Goodman very well - I saw him and Long coming up Liverpool-street, St. Pancras, with a truck, about half-past two o'clock on Wednesday, the 3d of June - there was one sheet of lead in it; they drew it up to the side of the street, to a house not built, and shot the lead out - Goodman asked me to mind it while they got another; he said they were going to take it to John-street - he pulled off his hat, and wiped his face; I said I would look to it while I was there - they went away together; the constable came in about threequarters of an hour and took the same lead.
Cross-examined. Q.Had you known Long before? A. No, but I am sure it was him.
WILLIAM NICHOLLS. I am a constable. On the 3d of June I went to Liverpool-street, and saw a sheet of lead - this is a piece of it; I saw Slough there - I shewed the lead to a gentleman who is not here, and to Mount Stephens.
Cross-examined. Q.What did you do with it? A. Locked it up in a coach-house; I then took it to Hatton-garden Office.
SAMUEL BRIGGS. Long was in our employ - I believe this note to be his writing; it was not written by my authority.
Cross-examined. Q.Have you seen him write? A. I have seen his writing on a slate - I could not swear I have seen it elsewhere.
COURT. Q. Do you feel confident that it is his writing? A. Yes.
JOHN BLAKE. I am a constable. I took the prisoners in the Northumberland Arms public-house, Bagnigge-wells-road, about half-past five o'clock that day; I said I had suspicion that they were wanted for some lead, I must take them in, and wait for a person who would identify them - they said they had not done any thing, but if I had waited a little longer, perhaps they might have done something; they said they were both out of employ, and had a right to get the best living they could- I do not recollect their saying any thing more; I said if they said they were not guilty, and knew those who were, I would go and take them - Long said he knew nothing of it, and the other said he did not choose to answer the question; I asked where the lead was, and they both said they knew nothing about it - there were two trunks at the door of the Northumberland Arms, which I took on the Friday to Hatton-garden; I asked the prisoners whose they were, and Goodman, I think it was, said he did not choose to tell me.
Prisoner GOODMAN. Q. Did I not say if you would wait you might see the person who employed us? A. No, you said you might have done something.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOUNT
               



             STEPHENS. I am a constable. I went to the Northumberland Arms, and assisted in securing the prisoners - there were two trunks in front of the house, which we put in a cow-yard opposite: the name of Elliott, Little Sutton-street, was on one of them - I went to Brick-lane, Old-street, on the Sunday, and found a sheet of lead on Mr. Compton's premises; I took possession of it, and have a piece of it here - there is No. 4184 on it; the reason we took it was, because there was another sheet wanting, and from the marks given at the office we thought this was the sheet described by Mr. Walker's foreman.
Cross-examined. Q.Where are the marks? A.These are them - they are not so plain as when I first saw them; here are other marks on it - here is 25 1/2, 7020 and 20.
FRANCIS ELLIOTT. I am a Wheelwright, and live at No. 8, Little Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. On Wednesday, the 3d of June, Long came to me, between twelveand one o'clock, to hire a truck; I asked him what it was for - he said to take some lend from near St. Pancras church to John-street, or John's-lane, I do not knew which; he said he was recommended by Mr. Thomas, and, as I knew him, I lent Long the truck - he never returned it, but I saw it at the Green-yard on the Monday following; the officer told me he had it locked up - my name was on it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I am a labourer, in the service of Messrs. Walker and Parker. I know these pieces of lead are theirs - I delivered two pieces of lead to Quin, and by the weight and the number I know these to be the same.
Cross-examined. Q.Where did you get these numbers? A.From the books; I did not put down the number at the time - it was put down by one of the clerks; I did not see it put down - I called out the number, and can recollect them for a day or two.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see the number on the lead, before you put it into the cart? A. Yes; these are the numbers I called out that day, and I am able to say these are the numbers I saw on the lead.
COURT. Q. How soon after that day, did you look in the book? A. I got this account from the book the day before yesterday.
WILLIAM JADDINE. I knew Goodman by his living at a public-house, as servant; I have seen him score his beer, but I do not know whether he can write - I received this letter, but do not know who wrote it.
JOSEPH NEALE. I know Goodman's writing; this is his writing - I found this lead, and gave information to Mount Stephens, and he got it.
Prisoner GOODMAN. Q. I cannot write at all; where did you ever see me write? A. At Mr. Sims'.
Prisoner GOODMAN. I never lived there a day in my life. Witness. Yes you did, you have been there several days together, reading and writing, to keep yourself employed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  QUIN
               



             re-examined. Q. Who went with you? A.Goodman, to the bottom of Fleet-street; he then said,
"I have to go in the City to see some more of our men: you deliver this note to Walker and Parker;" the note was sealed up, but I saw the direction on it - he said, "If I don't overtake you, take it to No.25. Dean-street, Soho;" but he came to me about the same spot where we parted, and said,
"I have a further order to take this to the Small Pox-hospital, where we have to gutter some little cottages" - I took it there, and Goodman took it from my cart; I came home, and thought it my duty to let Mr. Briggs know it.(The note was here read.)
To Messrs. Walker, Parker and Co., Red Bull-wharf, Upper Thames-street.
SIR, - Please to let bearer have 1 sheet of 4lb. milled lead, and 1 sheet of 5lb. ditto ditto. S.M. BRIGGS & SON,
June 3, 1829. 25, Dean-street, Soho.
GOODMAN's Defence. I was at Mr. Parr's office; two men came, and asked if I wanted work - I said Yes; they gave me a letter to Drury-lane, and told me to get a horse and caravan - I could not get that, but I got that the horse and cart.
GOODMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LONG - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury.
