





Before Mr. Recorder.
1181. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     WINGRAVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               staling, on the 4th July
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Gabriel 
                           Brandon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GABRIEL 
                  BRANDON
               



            . I live in Alie-street, Goodman's-fields - on the 4th of July, between four and five o'clock, I was in Leadenhall-street, opposite the India House


, and felt a jerk at my pocket - I placed my hand on my pocket, and found that my handkerchief was gone - I had it a very short time before - I turned round and saw the prisoner walking five or ten yards before me, and saw part of it between his coat and waistcoat - I collared him and charged him with the robbery; he denied it - I took the handkerchief from him, and am quite certain it is mine - I know it by the pattern, and my initials are on it - he said he had found it on the ground, it was impossible that it could have slipped out of my pocket, I felt the jerk.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESSWELL. Q. There are many persons out on Sunday - A. There might be some passing at that time, but I saw the prisoner in front of me when I turned round; if any other person had taken it there would not have been time to have given it to him.


                  EMMANUEL 
                  BRANDON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother, and was with him, he said he felt a pull at his pocket; I turned round and saw the prisoner with the handkerchief hanging partly out of his coat, there were one or two young boys on the same line with him, but they ran off; the prisoner did not run, he said he had picked it up; I do not think there was time for him to have picked it up.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer: I received the prisoner in charge with the handkerchiefs; I found 1 s. and a few mock coral beads upon him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw two young men walking behind a gentleman; he dropped a handkerchief; I picked it up, and was going it to him when the prosecutor stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
