






Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
437. 
               
                  
                     ARTHUR WILLIAM 
                     LANGFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 7 pairs of sheets, value 20s.; 4 blankets, value 10s.; 4 table-cloths, value 10s.; 6 napkins, value 3s., and 4 pillow-cases, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Watson
                  




               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  PETER 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am hall-porter
 to Prince Polignac, the French Ambassador, in Portland-place. The prisoner is my cousin - my wife has been dead upwards of five years; I took apartments in May last in Beaumont-street


: I had some furniture and linen there - all my linen had been at Mrs. Simmons', at Bethnal-green, and she sent it there; I allowed the prisoner to sleep in my apartments in Beaumont-street, and gave him the key of them.


                  REBECCA 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I live at Bethnal-green. In March last I delivered some sheets. blankets, tablecloths, and napkins, to the prisoner, to take to his cousin's apartments; I did not count them: I cannot say whether there were any pillow-cases - they were Mr. Watson's property.
MR. WATSON. I missed this property from my apartments - he never gave them to me.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you give my sister leave to take any thing that was there, and to make use of it? A. The keys were in her possession; she might use the things, but I did not give them to her - that was at Bethnal-green; the property at Beaumont-street I had confided to the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer of Mary-le-bone. I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday. the 13th of December, on another charge; I searched Mr. Watson's apartment - there was scarcely any thing there; no sheets on the bed, and the drawers empty.
MR. WATSON re-examined. Q. Up to what period did the prisoner continue in the lodging? A. From the time I took them till he was apprehended; the officer took the key of my apartment from him: this property ought to have been there - I believe I have been there but twice since I had the lodgings; I think they were taken in May, but cannot tell when - I never had any other apartments; I have paid two or three quarters' rent, and there is one to pay.


                  REBECCA 
                  SIMMONS
               



             re-examined. Q.When did you deliver these things to the prisoner? A. In March - he was to take them to Mr. Watson's apartments; I did not know where it was, nor ever saw it - I am certain it was in March: he brought the rent in the evening of quarterday, and it must have been two or three days before that he had them.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave my sister, Mrs. Shaw, charge of these things, and she made use of them before he took her to France; they were never taken to Beaumont-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
