





384. 
               
                  HUMPHRY 
                  PAGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, one garnet and pearl cross, value 30 s., and one garnet locket, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Featherstone
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               



            . I am a working jeweller
, and live in Great New-street, Fetter-lane


; the prisoner was my errand-boy
. On the 21st of January I lost a garnet locket and a pearl cross. I sent the prisoner to deliver them to Mr. Fisher, Leicester-square; I afterwards applied for the settlement of the account, and found they had not been delivered; on my return home the prisoner had absconded. On the 26th he was brought to me by Caines, and I asked him what he had done with my property? Some duplicates were found on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  CAINES
               



            . I live in Lower West-street, Smithfield; the prisoner and his father lodged with me. On the 26th of January the prosecutor came to inquire for him - he had not been home all night; he came home between ten and eleven o'clock that morning. I told him his master had been for him, and he had better go to him; he cried very much, and said he had got duplicates of the greatest part of the property. I took him to his master, and as we went up Shoe-lane he gave me eight duplicates in a piece of paper - they referred to Cotterrell's in Shoe-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRESTIGE
               



            . I received the prisoner in custody, and have eight duplicates, which Caines gave to me.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOWER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cotterrell, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Shoe-lane. On the 17th of January a garnet locket and pearl cross were pledged with me by the prisoner, in the name of Jones - the apprentice took them in in my presence.
Q. Were any questions asked him - A. The first time he came was the first of January; he said he came from his master, Mr. Featherstone, New-street - I made no inquiry; I have known the boy four years. I told the apprentice to take no more, as I thought they were made up to cheat us.
(Property produced and sworn to)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
