






2021. 
               
                  ANN 
                  HUMPHRIES
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  DENT
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 chain, value 6d.; one key, value 1d.; 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Pittman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT PITTMAN. I am a labourer
, and live at Barkingside, Essex. I have been in the army, and came to town on the 6th of October, to receive my pension; I am a stranger in town: I saw Humphries just by St. Pauls, and went to a liquor shop with her; we had a quartern of gin between us; we went into a linen-draper's shop in Fleet street


, I believe, to buy a handkerchief, and as I was talking to the gentleman about the handkerchief, he said, "Does that woman belong to you?" I said No; he said, "She has just drawn the watch out of your fob;" she had just got it out of doors; I went out, and took her ten or a dozen yards off; the officers came and took charge of her; I had been drinking with a friend; I know nothing of Dent.


                  CHARLES 
                  TIDMUS
               



            . I am a silk-mercer, and live in Cheapside; the prosecutor came into my shop with Humphries; he was very much intoxicated, and asked for a handkerchief; he chose one, which came to 3s. 6d.; I cut it off, and then they made some scruple about the price; both said they would not give more than 2s. 6d.; I said I should not take less - they were both intoxicated, but the man was most so; I went to the end of the counter for some paper to wrap it in, and thought she was taking my handkerchiefs; I found his watch was gone; she immediately went out; Dent was outside the window - I saw Humphries give her the watch - she put it into her pocket, and Humphries returned into the shop; I had seen Dent standing outside, but did not particularly notice her - I did not see her come to the door with them; the prosecutor had not sufficient money to pay for the handkerchief; I insisted on his leaving; I asked if the woman belonged to him, and said, "I suppose you are aware she had taken your watch, and delivered it to the other one outside;" he began to swear; I could not leave the shop, but went to the door, and called Dent three times; she declared she had not got the watch; Humphries said, "Come, we will go to the public-house where we were before," and they went away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am a porter to the Salters' Company. I was coming down Cheapside, and saw a number of persons round Mr. Tidmus' door; Dent and the prosecutor were standing on the step, and Humphries seemed angry with Dent; they walked down Cheapside, and turned down Friday-street; Humphries followed behind, and put her hand into Dent's pocket, took something out, and put it into her bosom; she turned out of the street, and went towards Bow-church; I went and asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing; he said Yes; I said, "The person who has left you has got it;" he followed and caught Humphries near Bread-street; I said, "You had better give the man his watch, you will only get into trouble:" she persisted in refusing; a mob came round, and she was taken into custody; I saw the watch found on her.


                  THOMAS 
                  TUNNELL
               



            . I am a constable, and received the prisoners in charge; I took the watch out of Humphries' bosom in Cheapside - she had part of the chain in her hand.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HUMPHRIES' Defence (written). I met the prosecutor; he asked me to have something to drink, and also to go and purchase a handkerchief; he borrowed 6d. of me; we were both in liquor, and I have no knowledge of what happened afterwards, and beg for mercy.
HUMPHRIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DENT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
