





932. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  INWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 16 pair of shoes, value 5l., and 7 pairs of boots, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Miller
               




             and others, his masters.
THOMAS MILLER. I have two partners; we are boot and shoemakers
, and live in King-street, St. James. The prisoner was our porter
 for twelve months - I received information, and applied at thirteen pawnbrokers, some of whom returned property.


                  THOMAS 
                  PILCHARD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Boones, pawnbroker, of Paddington-street. I have two pairs of shoes which the prisoner pawned.


                  THOMAS 
                  DONDERS PERRY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick-street. I have a pair of shoes pawned on the 6th of February, in the name of John Thomas - I have seen the prisoner, but will not he certain of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  POORE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brewer-street. I have two pairs of boots pawned by the prisoner on the 29th of January.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Young, pawnbroker, St. Martin's-lane. I have a pair of boots pawned on the 4th of June - I believe by the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  STORR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of boots pawned by the prisoner I believe - he used our shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I have ten pairs of shoes and five pairs of boots, which I got from different pawnbrokers.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
