





656. 
               
                  DANIEL THOMAS 
                  PRESTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Allen
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THEODORE 
                  ANSPACH
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. William Allen, a linen-draper
, who lives in the Strand


. I saw the prisoner (who was a stranger to me) in the shop, about half-past 7 o'clock in the evening of the 16th of March. We lost twenty-eight yards of printed cotton from a rail inside the shop - I had seen it safe five or ten minutes before it was missed - there was no one in the shop but myself - I saw it again the next day at the Thames police-office, when the prisoner was in custody. I am quite certain of the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORTY
               



            . I am a Thames police surveyor. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 16th of March, I was watching a house in Great White Lion-street, Seven Dials, which I knew to be kept by a receiver of stolen goods. I saw the prisoner go in with a bundle under his arm - I asked him what he had got - he said a gown piece,which a man had given him to bring there to sell, and he was to ask 1 l. for it, and to have 1 s. for his trouble; he did not then say who the man was, but he said afterwards that he met the man in Short's-gardens, and did not know that he should know him again if he saw him; I took him and the parcel out of doors - a man was waiting outside of the shop, and I asked the prisoner if he could see the man there who had given him the property; he said No; I said
"Is this the man?" he said No. I went next morning to several shops, and found Allen had lost it.
Prisoner. When he took me out of the house, he said
"Is that the man?" I said No, but I did not say I should not know the man. I told the officer I had no doubt it was a plan to get me into trouble.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. About eight o'clock that evening, I came down Short's-gardens, and met a man, who said
"Young man do you want a job? if you take this to White Lion-street, and sell it at a house there, I will give you 1 s." I went, and the officer came in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
