





706. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 gold watch, value 10l.; 1 chain, value 4l.; 1 key, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 20s.; 1 other watch, value 20s.: 1 diamond ring, value 5l.; 1 medicine-chest, value 2l.; 1 dressing-case, value 20s., and one 20l. Bank-note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gandolfe
                        




                     
                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for on Wednesday, the 28th of July, to Mr. Gandolfe's, in Throgmorton-street


; he and Mr. Davis wished me to go with the prisoner to his lodgings, as he suspected he was being robbed - I went with him to Thomas-street, Mile-end; he said he had taken a dressing-case out of a box, and he wished me to search his lodgings - Mr. Gandolfe had found the case, and handed it over to me; the prisoner was very willing to go with me; we went to his lodging, where his mother lived - there was no property belonging to Mr. Gandolfe there - one of the clerks was with me - I then searched the prisoner's person, and found this watch, a chain, and seals, which Mr. Gandolfe claimed- he said to the prisoner "You have got my seal and chain;" the prisoner said, "It is your's, Sir:" there was no threat or promise made to him; Mr. Gandolfe then shewed him a metal watch, and that he acknowledged to taking- his master said, "There is a French gold repeater gone," and that he said he had; he then asked him about a diamond ring; he said he had sold that to Mr. Foster, a jeweller, of Aldgate - I went there, but he had gone away two days before; the prisoner said he had taken a 20l. note, and changed it at Messrs. Curtis' - he said something about some sovereigns - he was then taken into custody.
COURT. Q. When you came back, was any thing said about the dressing-case? A. His master said, "You took this out of a box, and a medicine-chest," he denied taking the medicine-chest, but this be owned; he was footman there. I believe - I took this watch from his fob - the chain was tucked in.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMAS GANDOLFE
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Throgmorton-street; the prisoner had been in my service about two years - I discharged him six weeks or two months ago; I afterwards missed a French gold repeater, with a gold chain and key attached to it; a diamond ring, a child's coral, a metal watch, a 20l. note, and some sovereigns - I had the prisoner taken into custody, and charged him with having robbed me of the dressing-case, which I got from his bed-room before be left my service, and a medicine-chest, and some other things; I was called in after he had been searched by the officer, and I claimed this chain and key attached to this watch - I cannot say where the Bank-note and sovereigns had been placed; I charged him with having stolen them from my private desk - when he came back he began he began to confess; I said "I will make you no promise - if you have robbed me, it is your duty to confess it."
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Might you not have said it would go harder with him? A. I do not know; a gentleman and the officer were present - I had had some conversation with him before they came; I did not tell him it would be worse for him if he did not confess.
MR. BARRY. Q. Whatever statement he made, was it when he was brought back to your counting-house? A. Yes; I said, "You have taken from that desk a 20l. note;" he said, "I did;" I said, "You have taken from that desk some sovereigns:" his answer was, "A few;" I said, "You took also a diamond ring;" he said he did, and took it to a watchmaker, named Foster, who broke it up, and allowed him 30s. for it, and that he changed the note at Curtis', andreturned a 10l. note; we keep a cash account at Messrs. Curtis'.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am principal clerk to Mr. Gandolfe. The prisoner was in our counting-house; I had sent for him twice, because Mr. Gandolfe had mentioned what he had lost; I asked him to let me look at a watch, which he had shown me before - he said he had not got it; it was at home: I requested him to go and fetch it, as Mr. Gandolfe was in town, and wished to see it - he said he could not, he was going after a situation; I said it was of great consequence, and as he would not I sent for the officer - the officer went with him, and brought him back with the watch, the chain, and seal; the prisoner said he had bought the watch of a school-fellow: I said it was Mr. Gandolfe's chain and seal, which he had exchanged in Whitechapel; he denied it, but afterwards admitted it; I charged him with taking the other things; he denied that, but afterwards admitted it.
COURT. Q. Was that with respect to the whole of them? A. Yes; he said he had got them out of a writing-desk, with a key, which he had lost.
Cross-examined. Q. You have stated that he several times denied it? A. Yes; I said, "Tell me the truth, the truth will always support you, and carry you through;" I said, in the first instance, with regard to the dressing-case, that he had better tell the truth - that was before he had made any confession to Mr. Gandolfe; Mr. Gandolfe had discovered the case in his room, and I told him he had better tell the truth; I said, "I will intercede with Mr. Gandolfe, and I dare say he will not take any measures with you - tell me the truth." I said nothing in referrence to any other article.
Q. After he had been dismissed did you see him again? A. Yes. before he made any confession; I told him a watch and various things were missing - nothing but the dressingcase had been found then; I said, "With regard to the watch, tell me the truth - have you had that watch, or do you know any thing about it or the medicine-chest?" he said he did not; I will swear I said nothing to him but charging him to tell the truth, and not to give me trouble by telling me falsehoods; I am certain I did not hold out a promise, perhaps I might have said it would be better.
MR. GANDOLFE re-examined. Q. Had you missed the watch while he was in your service? A. Yes.
GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
