





21. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KNIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 8 lbs. of brawn, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Pocknell
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  POCKNELL
               



            . I am a fishmonger
, and live in St. Martin's-lane


. I lost some brawn, on the 8th of November, from the shop window, about half-past twelve at night. I was gone to the Strand. I saw it again at the watch-house a quarter of an hour afterwards; the prisoner was then in custody. I was certain of the property; it was part of a collar I had cut that day, and weighed 8 or 10 lbs.; it cost me more than 15 s.


                  JAMES 
                  ARDEN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pocknell. On the 8th of November, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was shutting up the shop, there was a gang of five or six persons round the window. I did not notice the prisoner, but as I was turning out of the shop with the shutters, I missed the brawn from the window; a person might have reached it from the outside before the shutters were closed. I ran down St. Martin's-lane, and saw three persons running. I called Watch! and a gentleman collared one of them; he struck him in the face and got away: while I was running towards Charing-Cross, I was knocked down by some one, but I cannot tell who. I afterwards saw the brawn at the watch-house, and the prisoner in custody. I am sure it was my master's.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JERRAND
               



            . I live in Peter-street, Westminster, and am a musician. I was in St. Martin's-lane on the 8th of November. I saw five or six young men loitering about Mr. Pocknell's shop. I did not distinguish either of them. I got beyond St. Martin's Church, and heard the cry of "Watch!" and "Stop thief!" on the other side of the way, where there were four or five persons in company running; the prisoner came by me with the brawn under his arm; he said, "Halloo! out of the way." I pursued him to the bottom of the lane; he crossed opposite to Northumberland-House. I saw him lay the brawn under the rails. I went up to him, and said, "My friend, this don't look well." I called Watch! and laid hold of him, while a person who was with me took up the brawn; the prisoner said, "For God's sake let me go, and do not say any thing about it." The watchman came up and took him. I went to the watch-house, and heard Mr. Pocknell claim the brawn.


                  RICHARD 
                  HODNOTT
               



            . I am a watchman. I took charge of the prisoner at Northumberland-House; a friend of Jarrand's delivered me the brawn, which was claimed by Mr. Pocknell.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in the street; my shoe came untied, and I put it down while I tied it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
