






FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, JULY 17.
First London Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1578. 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  MANSFIELD
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PEAUGH, alias 
PUGH





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Leake
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES LEAKE. I live at Witney, in Oxfordshire. On the 8th of June, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking up Holborn-hill


, opposite St. Andrew's-church; I had put my handkerchief into my pocket carefully, and thrust it down. In the course of a minute or two a gentleman passed me, and said, "I think you have lost your handkerchief;" I felt, and it was gone. Immediately after the patrol came up, and said, "I have got your handkerchief, and the person who took it." I saw him with Mansfield, in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . On the 8th of June I was going down Holborn-hill with a gentleman, and saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor - Mansfield made an attempt at the bottom of the hill, but the gentleman took his handkerchief out, and used it. I then went on the opposite side of the hill, and saw them go up to the prosecutor with another person - the other two covered Mansfield while he took the handkerchief out of the pocket, and ran down the hill with it - I pursued, and took him with it in his hand; and as we were taking him to the compter I saw Peaugh, and secured him. I knew them both before.
Prisoner PEAUGH. Q. Will you swear I was with the other boy? A. Yes, you were.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MANSFIELD'S Defence. I stood at the end of Field-lane; two boys passed me, and dropped this handkerchief - I took it up, and the man took me.
PEAUGH'S Defence. In going up Skinner-street a man came and took me.
MANSFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
PEAUGH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
