





580. 
               
                  ANN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, eight spoons, value 30 s.; two fruit knives, value 4 s.; a fork, value 2 s.; and two wine labels, value 6 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Bartioli
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cale
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PURFORD
               



            . I live in Newman's-mews, Mary-le-bone. I know John Cale - he keeps the house where Mr. Alexander Bartioli lodges. On the 11th of February, I was Bartioli's housekeeper. I missed this property about two o'clock - I had seen them safe before; went up stairs to answer the bell, about half-past one - there was no other person in the kitchen but the prisoner: when I last saw them, I left them in the kitchen for about five minutes; I then missed them all - the prisoner had been in the house once before - I left her in the kitchen about half-past one - she had come in the morning about seven - she said she came to see me - I did not want to see her - I went down and asked what she wanted; she said, she was a dress-maker, and worked in Oxford-street - she staid in the kitchen till half-past one - she said she was not going to work, and wished to stay a bit with me - Mr. Cale keeps a servant, but she was up in the parlour with her mistress - I had been cleaning the plate, and came down to take it up to my mistress, I missed it, and enquired, if any one in the house had seen her go out; they said, no; I then ran out, and just got sight of her clothes, while she was turning into Newman-street; that was about 10 minutes after I had left the kitchen to go up stairs - I ran after her, and she went into Mr. Hill's, the pawnbroker's - I went to the door and knocked; she put her back against the door, that I could not open it - I got into the house, but she did not offer the plate there - I asked her how she came to do it; she said, she knew she had done it, and she would take me to the young woman to whom she had given it - I followed her to Homer-row, and there she ran from me - I saw her again the following evening, the 12th of February, when she came out of a mews in Tottenham-court-road - I saw the plate in the possession of the officer, and knew it to be Mr. Bartioli's.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Jenkins, who lives in Crawford-street, Mary-le-bone. Here are three tea-spoons, two fruit knives, and one fruit fork, which were pawned for 10 s. by the prisoner last Friday week - she also asked, if I bought old silver; I said, yes. She went back, and returned with two wine labels and a cruet top, which I bought for 5 s. 6 d.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROOK
               



            . I live in Upper George-street, Edgware-road, and am a pawnbroker. I have a table-spoon and three tea-spoons, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 11th of February, for 16 s.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELWALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 16. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
