





490. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 1 waistcoat, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Rawlings
                  




               
            .
ANTHONY RAWLINGS. I am a tailor
, and live in Tottenham-court-road


. I went out on the 9th of December, about eleven o'clock, and left the waistcoat safe - I came back in the evening, and it was gone; the prisoner came to my shop on the 24th, and asked the price of a waistcoat that was in the window; I said 10s.; my wife came in and said."That is the man who stole the waistcoat;" I said, "Are you quite sure?" - she said Yes; I called my apprentice Tucker, and asked if he knew the young man - he said,"Yes, that is the young man;" I took him into the parlour, and said I should send for an officer - he wanted to get away, and offered to leave 1s. in part of payment, and then his watch, but I would not allow it.
Prisoner. His wife wanted me to leave the watch, and I would not. Witness. No, be offered it himself.


                  JANE 
                  RAWLINGS
               



            . On the 9th of December, the prisoner came to our shop, and asked if we had any kneebreeches; I said No - he said, "What time will your husband be at home?" I said, "Four o'clock;" he said he would come at half-past four - I went into the parlour, and he came and drew the waistcoat from under the gaslamp; I went after him, but I had to get another person first, and could not overtake him.
Prisoner. She gave me a box on the ear. Witness. No, I laid hold of him, and said he was the boy.


                  RICHARD 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I had seen the prisoner twice before, on that day: I was at work when he came.
Prisoner's Defence. Is it likely I should go and steal a waistcoat, and then go to buy another in a fortnight; it does not stand to reason.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
