





1098. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARMINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, one reticule, value 1 s.; and a handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Buckler
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, from her person
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Mary Bewley 
                     Buckler
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BUCKLER
               



            . I am single. On the 28th of June, about half past nine o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Goswell-street


 with my brother Alexander. I was about to cross the road, when the prisoner came up close to me - he looked at me, and I looked at him; he snatched a reticule from my hand, and ran down Sutton-street; my brother followed him - he was brought back to me in about five minutes. I believe it to have been the prisoner.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BUCKLER
               



            . I was with my sister, and had hold of her harm - she was crossing the street. I did not notice any person come near her; but when she said she had lost her reticule, I saw the prisoner run by me. I pursued him to the first turning in Sutton-street - he was then stopped - I had not lost sight of him - I saw the reticule in his hand as he was running; and when he was stopped I saw it just at his heels. I picked it up, and gave it to my sister.
Prisoner. Q. Could you see me when there was a mob round me - A. Yes, I was close to you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I saw the prisoner just as he was laid hold of - the last witness said he was the man, and that he had not lost sight of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing, and heard the cry of Stop thief! - I ran, as others did, and was accused of the robbery; but am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for life
            .
