






1060. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of July
, a sugar bason, value 3 s.; a sugar stand, value 3 s., and a pair of sugar tongs, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bennett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I keep the Stratford coffee-house, Oxford-street




. On the 22d of July, these articles stood in the coffee-room, near the door - I went to the bar about ten o'clock, returned in two minutes and they were gone - I found them in possession of the officer in about half an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Kensington. I was in Duke-street, Manchester-square; an old woman gave me information - I looked round and saw the prisoners in company in Duke-street, coming as from Oxford-street; I followed them up Edward-street, where they separated; Harvey crossed over towards Baker-street - Jones called him back, and they went across Portman-square - I saw something pass from one to the other - they went down Seymour-street, and then separated. Harvey's pockets appeared bulky - I crossed over and told a person to assist me - then ran and took Harvey; Jones went on towards Edgware-road, and was taken in my presence soon after. I am certain of his person. I took a sugar bason and stand out of Harvey's pocket, and the sugar tongs were found in his fob at the office, he said he had nothing but what belonged to him. and would not tell whose they were.


                  DANIEL 
                  ANSTEAD
               



            . I went with Allen, and assisted to take Harvey. He denied having any thing about him - I found the bason in his coat pocket, and sugar tongs in his fob.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I took Jones at a public-house, in consequence of Allen's description. He refused to tell his name or residence, and denied being in Harvey's company.
HARVEY'S Defence. I was going to Mount-street after a situation; a man came up and said he was a countryman, and asked me to pawn these things, and he would give me 1 s. I was going to the pawnbroker's when I was taken.
JONES'S Defence. I never saw Harvey in my life.
HARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
