





1454. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BURRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 7 penny pieces, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Watson
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a brick-maker
. I was withthe prisoner about three years ago, and I happened to see him again on Saturday night, the 21st of June, at the White Bear


, where I went to wait for my wife - I was tipsy, sat down, and went to sleep; I had four half-crowns in my pocket and no other money - I changed a half-crown there, and had two pots of porter and a quartern of rum; I then went with the prisoner to Mr. Kingsbury's, changed another half-crown, and had two pots of ale; I treated the prisoner, and was with him two or three hours; I know I had my money while I was there - I sat by the prisoner; I went to the bar, put my hand into my pocket, and it was all gone but a farthing.


                  HENRY 
                  KINGSBURY
               



            . I am landlord of this house - I have seen the prisoner there repeatedly, and have ordered him not to use my house; he came that night with the prosecutor, who was in liquor - they sat down in front of the bar; I saw the prisoner put another man aside, and put his hand into the prosecutrix's right-hand waistcoat pocket - I said, "Burrett, you are robbing that man, leave my house;" he would not, and I went for a watchman to put him out; when I came back he was gone - he was taken about three o'clock the next morning.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live at Mr. Kingsbury's. I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's left-hand pocket, when my master was gone, and take out some money, which he put into his own pocket - he then went away; I told my master when he came home - the prosecutor had only a farthing left.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was sent for and searched the prosecutor - there was only a farthing found on him; I took the prisoner in Union-street, Hackney-road, about half-past two o'clock on the Sunday morning; I went up and said, "Burrett, I want you;" he said, "For what?" I said, "They will tell you at the watch-house;" he refused to go till some one gave charge of him - I told him at the watch-house what it was for; he had no money.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to have a pint of porter, there were three or four in the box sky-larking - a pipe was thrown at me, and I got up to see who it was; the prosecutor awoke up and treated me - it was near twelve o'clock; we were turned out there and went to Mr. Kingsbury's, and had two pots of ale and half a pint of gin.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
