





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
48. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, twenty-six yards of linen, value 35 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dawsett
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAWSETT
               



            . I am a weaver
, and live in Wilmot-street, Bethnal-green


. The prisoner was my apprentice
 - he lived five years with me; he left me, and returned again, and on Sunday, the 17th of November, he went out and did not return. I missed a shawl, and then a piece of Irish linen, worth 39 s., which we bought the day before. On the Sunday following (the 24th,) I met him - he said,
"Master, I am very sorry for what I have done, if you will let me, I will come home and work it out, and pay for the cloth I have taken away" - I had said nothing to him. I told him it was the second time he had robbed me, and he should never come into my house again. I had him apprehended on the 26th. I had seen the Irish cloth on the 17th.
Prisoner. Q. I said I was sorry for being absent from work, and would make good what time I had lost - A. It is false.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 26th, at his master's shop. I told him I took him for stealing the cloth - he said he thought his master would not have sent for me, when he was to pay him 5 s. per week.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAWSETT
               



             re-examined. I let him come home on the evening of the 26th. I took no notice, but let the officer know. I never agreed to take 5 s. a week. He was in the shop, but I did not tell him to go to work.
Prisoner's Defence. He sent to say I might come home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
