





895. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PERKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 1 wooden chest, value 2s. 6d., and 50lbs. weight of tea, value 13l. 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Conway
               




             and others, his partners.


                  CHARLES 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am warehouseman to Thomas Conway and others - they are wholesale grocers and tea dealers, and live in Maiden-lane, Queen-street, City. On Thursday last, the 6th of April, I loaded the cart with one chest of tea, one bag of tea, and some sugars; I gave it in charge of Blunt, the carman, about half-past eleven o'clock.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLUNT
               



            . I am the carman. I received this chest of tea in my cart on Thursday last; I drove it along Bishopsgate-street, and there I stopped; I was about forty yards behind the cart when I saw the prisoner go and move the chest of tea from the side to the tail - he then turned round and lifted it over the chain, took it on his shoulder, and walked away; I ran and caught him about half-way across the road.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITFIELD
               



            . I was sent down to Liverpool-street; I met the carman, who called and asked me to have something to drink - we were going to have it, when he turned round and said "I have a chest of tea in my cart, and I must have a sharp eye on it;" he then saw the prisoner taken it and ran after him; I saw him drop the chest, which Blunt gave me charge of, and he took the prisoner - the chest was close at his heels.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and the tea.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Bishopsgate-street, and a man asked me if I wanted a job; I said Yes; he said "If you will take this chest of tea to the Catherine Wheel, I will pay for it."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
