






456. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALTERS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EDMONDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 150 yards of printed cotton, value 6 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Stafford
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  STAFFORD
               



            . I am shopman to my brother, 
               
                  George 
                  Stafford
               



            , who is a linen-draper
, and lives in Oxford-street


. On the 26th of January, about five o'clock in the evening, a lady came into the shop - in consequence of what she said I ran out and saw the prisoners; Walters was walking about five yards behind Edmonds, who had the printed cotton on his shoulder. As soon as Walters saw me, he ran up and seized Edmonds, saying,
"This is him!" I went up, seized them both, and brought them back to the shop - I gave them in charge. The print was in the shop five minutes before, by the door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  ELSON
               



            . I am a painter. I was passing the shop, and saw Walters about three paces from the door. I had hardly got a step further before I saw Edmonds take the bundle of cotton from the inner door of the shop, and go down the street with it; Walters followed him after Stafford came out, but did not move till then. I suspected him,but was not certain that he was concerned. I ran with Stafford, and pointed them out - he secured them. I took Edmonds back with the bundle.
EDMONDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WALTER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
