





888. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  INGLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 2 gowns, value 6s.; 1 pelisse, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 6s., and 2 petticoats, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Pomfret
                     



                  , widow
; and 1 cloak, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Alders
               



            , spinster
.


                  ANN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Johnson
               



            ; I live in Cambridge-place, Cambridge-heath


, and am a laundress; Elizabeth Pomfret lives in the same house, and Mary Alders formerly lived there. On the 3d of March, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, a man knocked at my backdoor, and said a man had jumped from my window; I ran up-stairs to my bed-room and missed this property; the bed-room is on the first-floor, and the window was open; there is a foot-path behind my house, and the tiles of the wash-house slope up to the bed-room window. I sent Armstrong out; the prisoner was brought back in about half an hour; the property was all safe at eleven o'clock that day.


                  MARY 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am Johnson's servant. I ran and inquired if a man had been seen with a bundle, and when I got two hundred yards off, a man directed me into the field by the Jews' chapel; I went there, and saw some boys at play; I was returning, when the boys directed me into an empty house; I went and found these articles in the recess; a bricklayer took the prisoner, who was then behind the door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Prospect-place. I saw the prisoner opposite the Hare public-house, with a bundle in his apron - he ran down Jews' chapel field; I saw Armstrong, and told her where he was. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I saw Armstrong go by a house which I had seen the prisoner pass; I went with her into an empty house, and saw the prisoner behind the door; I secured him, and saw the clothes found in the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a carpenter. I saw the prisoner on Johnson's wash-house; he got off; I called to know what he was doing; he gave no answer; I knocked at the door and gave information.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am an officer, and took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
