






1871. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HARRIS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTNEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 7lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Walker
                     




                  , and affixed to a certain building; against the Statute
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  COCKERTON
               



            . I am agent to Mr. Charles Walker; he has a house in Phoenix-street, Bethnal-green


; I was at that house on the night of the 28th of August, and all was right - this lead was afterwards found, and I fitted it to the roof, it matched exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  RIGG
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 29th of August, about half-past two o'clock, I was sitting in my box and received information of some persons robbing a house in Phoenix-street; I went there but saw no one - there was a ladder against one of the houses, I went up it, and went down the middle house of the three; I there found a door fastened, and broke it open but found no one; I went up stairs again and found in one room a coat, a hat, and a pair of shoes, with a quantity of lead.- this was in the middle house; I wentup the ladder again and heard some one say, "Here they are." I sprung my rattle, and saw the prisoners coming along the parapet. I took Harris, and two other persons took Coltney, he was without coat, hat, or shoes; he asked for them, and those in the house belonged to him; there was nothing found on the prisoners, but a knife was found in the room, and ten pieces of lead.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HALEY
               



            . I went to the house with Rigg. I asked Coltney if the hat, coat, and shoes belonged to him, he said they ought, for he bought and paid for them.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOLBY
               



            . I went to assist the watchmen in taking the prisoners to the watch-house. I went to the premises and found these three pieces of lead between the cieling and the tiles, and this other knife there, which would have made such marks as are on this lead.


                  LEWIS 
                  MYERSON
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the house and saw the prisoners - I heard Harris say before they came down, "I may as well be sent, out of the country as be starving here."


                  JOSEPH 
                  PAGOLIN
               



            . I am a bricklayer and live next door to this house. I was ill in the night, and got up; I heard a noise; I went up to bed again, and said to my father, "I think there are thieves next door." My father got up, and I followed him, he went to the back, and I to the front; one of the men then looked over the parapet, but I cannot tell which it was; my father called up some bricklayers, and I went to the watchman; when I returned my father had raised a ladder; we could not find any one there, but the lead, coat, hat, and shoes, were in the middle house.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a constable, I fitted the lead to the place.
The prisoners put in a written Defence, stating that they had gone to the premises to sleep, and declaring their innocence. Coltney received a good character.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COLTNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Twelve Months
            .
