





966. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BELLAMY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 1 gown, value 15s.; 2 caps, value 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 10s., and 1 frill, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  White
               




            .


                  HANNAH 
                  FINCH
               



            . I live at Thomas White's eating-house, in Berwick-street


. On the 5th of April the prisoner came to my master's with another person, and dined in the first floor front room - two other persons dined at the same table - they paid for what they had; I left the prisoner and the other person alone for a quarter of an hour, and as I went up again the other man ran by me as fast as he could - the prisoner remained in the room at the same seat as he had dined at; I went into the room, and saw one drawer a little open, and a piece of trimming hanging out of it - I missed these articles from that drawer; I found the gown under the table where the prisoner sat, the rest were quite gone; the drawer could not have been opened without the prisoner seeing it - he sat with his hand down close to where the gown was - I asked what ailed him - he said he had a pain in his side - he had come with the other man, and the prisoner paid for both; I bolted the door, and rang the bell - the prisoner jumped up and opened the door - I went after him, seized him, and held him till master came.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did the other two pay for what they had? A. Yes; they had left - I went down for change - I had not noticed the drawer open before they left.
COURT. Q. The other men did not run away? A. No- the drawers were not above a yard from the table.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and gown.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  White
               



            . This is my gown, and was in the drawer which was locked, and the key locked in a cupboard - the prisoner could not have been in the room without seeing the cupboard and drawer opened.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been to the drawers that morning? A. Yes, and put the gown away.
Prisoner's Defence. I fell into conversation with a gentleman there, who asked me to pay for him as he had only a 2l. note - I went down into the yard while I was at dinner, and as I came up, two gentleman left the room - the other then left.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
