





328. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BYRNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 82 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of our Lord the 
                     
King



                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Martin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas Hyde 
                     Ripley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Jeremy Jepson 
                     Ripley
                  



               
            , and fixed to a building of theirs.
For the Prosecution, MR. BOLLAND.


                  FREDERICK 
                  READ
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Read
               



            ; he lives at No. 10, Scotland-yard


, which belongs to the Crown. Owing to the improvements going on there, he had moved into another house; we were in the habit of resorting there for water. On the 19th of December, about half-past seven o'clock, I went there and observed nothing; I went again about ten o'clock, and observed half the skylight broken away. I got outside the cistern to see what had been done, and found the leaden pipe, which led from the cistern to the water-closet, torn away, and the gutter adjoining also taken away. I found the pipe in the gutter and other sheet lead which covered the framing of the skylight on a shed adjoining the house. I went and informed my father, and we returned with Hurst; I shewed them the lead, and remained there while they went up stairs; in a moment or two they called me, I ran up, and found the prisoner in their custody - the lead appeared to be fresh cut.


                  THOMAS 
                  READ
               



            . I am messenger to the Office of Woods and Forests, and live in Scotland-yard. On Sunday, the 19th of December, my son fetched me and Hurst to the house, where we found the lead as he has stated - it was quite fresh cut; I had seen it safe the Wednesday before. I went up stairs into the first room where the butler's pantry was, and pushed the door; it was twice pushed against me, but I made a third attempt, pushed it open, and found the prisoner there with a chisel in his hand. He attempted to get out of the window, but I collared him - he said nothing; the sink was half prized up - it was quite fresh done. I matched the lead, and it fitted.


                  GEORGE 
                  HURST
               



            . I have heard Read's account - it is correct.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALLIS
               



            , I took the prisoner in charge. The chisel appeared to have been cutting lead.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NETTLETON
               



            . I found the prisoner in custody at the watch-house. He had almost succeded in breaking out, for he had broken about a dozen bricks out of the wall. I found a knife on him, which he had used.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was passing the house a man said he would give me 18 d. to watch it - I sat in the pantry, being sleepy, and somebody came and stole my coat.



               GUILTY
             Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
