






1411. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANNEREAU
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, thirty yards of floor cloth, value 5 l.; seven yards of holland, value 5 s.; and five screw nuts, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hayward
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am a floor-cloth-manufacturer
, and live in Mile-end-road


. On the morning of the 27th of September my man came to me and gave me information.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday morning I apprehended the prisoners in Little Collingwood-street; they were passing a house I was in, at the back of the prosecutor's premises. I had heard of the robbery, and at No. 4, in Collingwood-street, on the first floor, found this piece of floor-cloth. Johnson occupied the house.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is her name Johnson or Williams - A. Johnson. I stopped the prisoners in consequence of what she said. I believe she is a woman of the town - it is a very low neighbourhood.
R. B. SKILLERN. I was with Hall; his account is correct.


                  PHILIP 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a brewer, and live in Whitechapel-road. I was in company with Hall, and saw the floor, cloth found behind the door. I never saw the prisoners in the house; I fetched Johnson from another house, and found the holland and screw nuts in the same room.


                  MARY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I lived at No. 4, Collingwood-street, alone - I have known Collett three years. On the evening before the robbery, Collett told me to be at home, (I did not know him before.) I did not stay at home. On the Saturday morning, between one and two o'clock, when I got home, I saw the floor-cloth in the room up stairs, and about twenty minutes after, Collett brought the holland and screw nuts, and gave them into my hands; my door can be opened by pulling a string - Collett knew that; Annereau followed him in, and they both took the floor-cloth up stairs, and told me to open the door to nobody until they came next morning, between nine and ten o'clock, and if not, at six o'clock in the evening - they came between nine and ten o'clock together. I was in a neighbour's house, with the officers, when they passed, and they were taken before they got to my house.
Cross-examined. Q. What is your name - A. I go by the name of Johnson, my married name is Stevens - my name was Lloyd before I married. I see company at times, but since Christmas have got my living by needlework; the officers came to me between eight and nine o'clock. I had not then told them anything. Annereau was never in my house but twice before. I was sober when they brought the holland - they knew how to open the door.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . The property is mine, and was taken from my premises, which are only enclosed by a sliding door, but they are surrounded by a high wall, and some of my people live on the premises.
COLLETT's Defence. She is a common prostitute - s it possible I should know how to open her door, having been there but twice?
ANNEREAU - GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined One Year
            .
COLLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
