





934. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ARCHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 2 watches, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Webb
               




            .
THOMAS WEBB. I live on Hounslow Heath


, and work at the powder mills
. On the 12th of February, about the middle of the day, my wife came to me - I missed two watches, and in consequence of what she said I went to a pawnbroker at Isleworth, and my wife went to Brentford; the prisoner lived next door to me, and had a slight character, and the next morning he went away for nine days; when he returned I had him taken up; he was taken before a Magistrate and acquitted; he was taken again in a fortnight afterwards; I have since seen this one watch, which was found at a pawnbroker's at Shadwell; it is one of two which I had left at my house.


                  SOPHIA 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife; I had been out about two hours, and when I returned the two watches were gone, and I went and told my husband - the window of the house had been opened by breaking a pane, and cutting the fastening.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me on the 13th of February, I think by the prisoner, but I cannot swear to his person - I gave him this duplicate.


                  JOHN 
                  EMERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I got this duplicate from the prisoner, when he was in custody - he asked me if I had found out the watches - I said No - and he said he would give me the duplicate.
Prisoner. I told him I had picked up a duplicate, but I knew nothing about it - he said if I would produce the duplicate I should go about my business - I did so, and then he kept me. Witness. He said, on the Sunday morning, that if I went with him to a place where he had lodged for two night she would give me the duplicate, which he took from between two posts.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
