





London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
943. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, a Bank post-bill, for payment of and value 10 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wilkinson
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gibson
                  



               
            .
MESSRS. GURNEY and BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at Welburn, in Lincolnshire. On the 23d of March, Wilkinson, of Grantham, got me to write a letter for him to Gibson, in town, as he cannot write well - a 10 l. Bank post-bill was inclosed in the letter. I took an account of it before I inclosed it - Wilkinson has the memorandum - (looking at it) - this is it - it was No. 914. dated the 19th of September, 1823, and I made a private mark on the bill - (looking at it) - this is the bill. I put the letter W. on it by desire of Wilkinson, and that is on the back of it now. I directed the letter to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibson
               



            , and inclosed it in a cover, directed to Lord Viscount Sidmouth, Secretary of State, Whitehall. I dated the letter on the 24th.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I got Thompson to inclose this Bank post-bill for Gibson. I gave the letter to Allam, the carrier, on the 23d, about eight o'clock at night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLAM
               



            . I received a letter from Wilkinson, and took it in the same night to the Post-office at Ledenham. I gave it to Mr. Colton.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I keep the Post-office at Ledenham. On the evening of the 23d of March, I received aletter from Allam, directed to Lord Viscount Sidmouth, Secretary of State, London. I put it into the bag about a quarter past nine o'clock with other letters; it went to Grantham next morning.
- TODD. I am postmaster at Grantham - a letter coming to me on the morning of the 24th, would be sent to London that evening, and arrive on the 25th. I forwarded all the letters to town on the 24th.


                  JOHN 
                  STUDDERT
               



            . I am a clerk at the General Post-office - the Grantham bag comes to me. I open it - it arrived in due course on the morning of the 25th.


                  JOHN 
                  STRAUGHAN
               



            . I am a letter-carrier at the General Post-office - Dover-street, Piccadilly, is in my district - Lord Sidmouth lived there on the 25th. I deliver all the letters which come into my possession - if I had had one for him in on the 25th, I should have delivered it.


                  JOHN 
                  SCUTT
               



            . I am a porter at Whitehall - a letter coming there in March, directed to Lord Viscount Sidmouth, would be given to me for his Lordship after the cover was taken off. I should receive it from the office-keeper - there are more porters besides me.
THE RIGHT HONOURABLE 
               
                  LORD 
                  VISCOUNT SIDMOUTH
               



            . In March last, Gibson was in my service - no letter came to me directed for him on the 25th, or since. I allow my servants the privilege of having their letters addressed under cover to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am servant to Lord Sidmouth. I received no letter from Wilkinson with a 10 l. note in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a servant, and know the prisoner. I met him in Oxford-street between eleven and twelve o'clock one day - he said he had a note which he wished to change, and asked me to go with him to the Bank. I went with him, and they would not change it there I suppose, as he came out of the Bank and said to me.
"Do you know any one who will change it for me;" - I said,
"I knew one Barnet, in Houndsditch, and introduced him to him.
Prisoner. I told you it was a Bank post-bill which I had found. - Witness. He did so; and shewed me the fragments of the letter which he had found it in. I read the writing on it; but do not remember what it was - the letter was squeezed up together.
MORDICA BARNET. I am a clothes salesman. Jones introduced a man to me in Cutler-street fair. I cannot say whether it was the prisoner - he said he had a 10 l. Bank post-bill to get changed. I took him to Benjamin, who gave him a watch and 6 l. in money for it - it was on a Tuesday, but I cannot recollect the date.


                  LEWIS 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I keep a coffee-house in Duke's-place, Aldgate - Barnet introduced two gentlemen to me on Friday afternoon, the 26th of March, at four o'clock - Jones was one of them, and I think the prisoner was the other - he produced a 10 l. Bank post-bill. I took it to the Bank, and returned with it. I understood that he wanted a silver watch. I gave him 6 l. and a watch, which came to 4 l - he did not tell me how he came by the bill. I asked his name, which he wrote on it, and the person he received it from. Here is
"
               
                  William 
                  Connolly
               



            , of 
               
                  William 
                  Wilkinson
               



            " on it - he wrote that in my presence - my daughter was also present.
Prisoner. Q. Were you present when I wrote it - A. I was.


                  MARTHA 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I am daughter of the last witness, and remember the prisoner coming for change of a Bank post-bill. I saw him write on the back of it.
Prisoner to BARNET. Q. Was Benjamin present when I wrote on the bill - A. No; he went out to fetch the watch while his daughter brought the pen and ink - neither he nor his daughter were present, nor was I, for I went out at the same time as Benjamin.
Q. Then none of you were present - A. No; I will take a solemn oath that nobody was present - the daughter was not present - she brought the pen and ink, and then went into the back kitchen.
Q. You were not present - how do you know whether she did not go into the room again - A. That I cannot tell.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the Bank post-bill in Albemarle-street on Sunday evening, and took it to the Bank next morning to be accepted - they told me to bring it on that day week, and it would be paid.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
