





1774. 
               
                  JOHN AARON 
                  STUNT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 watch, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Edwards
               




            .


                  LYDIA 
                  ANN EDWARDS
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Edwards; he lives in Howard's-place, St. James, Clerkenwell


; he has been in the silver trade
 some years; I have known the prisoner for some years - I am mother-in-law to his mother. On the 12th of July, I had been out, and when I came home I went to the fire-place to look at the watch - it was near twelve o'clock; I heard a knock at the door it was the prisoner; he came in and said his father would send me 20l. the next day or the day after; he then asked for a little water; I said, "I will go and get some beer, and what you leave will serve for our dinners;" I got him some, and he then said, "I must go, or my master will stop my money;" I said, "What money?" he said, "My master allows me a guinea a week while I am apprentice;" as soon as he got out I saw him running; I went back to look at the watch, and I saw it was gone - it must have been taken while I was gone to fetch the beer - it was a silver watch, capped and jewelled; I sat down in a chair, and thought I should have died.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . The watch was my property; I left it safe in the morning, and when I came home it was gone; the prisoner has been bound apprentice to a goldbeater in Fetter-lane, but left in May last.


                  AARON 
                  STUNT
               



            . I am the prisoner's father; I have to pay Mrs. Edwards 50l. a year, which was a legacy left by my wife's father, during her life, which I have paid for these twenty years; I did not send my son to her at that time, (nor for months prior), with any message whatever - I know nothing more.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer, and apprehended the prisoner on the 15th.
Prisoner's Defence. The watch was missed on the Thursday, and no application was made to any office till about an hour before I was taken.
MRS. EDWARDS re-examined. Q. Had any one else come into the room, who could have taken the watch? A. No, no one else.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
