






776. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HERD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PURSE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, seven spoons, value 1 l.; two salvers, value 10 s., and eight castors, and frame, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           May
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
JOHN M'CONE. I live with Mrs. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  May
               



            , a widow, in Adam-street, Adelphi


. On the 16th of April, these things were taken from the front parlour - I saw them on the side-board about seven minutes before Wood rang the bell. I left the parlour window shut down, and the closed. I returned to the room, and found them open, and marks of footsteps on a chair, of a person getting in and out. I have not found them.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. How long have you lived there - A. Nearly four years. They were plated goods and much worn.


                  ELEANOR 
                  WOOD
               



            . I live in Adam-street, Adelphi. On the evening of the 16th of April, about twenty to eight o'clock, I was passing Mrs. May's, and sawand another was taller than him, by Osborne's hotel - I passed on, and went to a public-house about twenty yards off, and changed a newspaper. As I returned I saw Herd stooping down rubbing his legs, close to the parlour window. The taller man was opposite the door with a bundle of things under his coat, about two yards from May's door; they had not got the bundle when I first saw them. I could not see what it contained - I found the blinds and the window thrown wide open - the tall one went away directly, and Herd stopped about two minutes rubbing his legs, and then went towards the Strand. I rung the bell immediately he was gone, which was in about five minutes from the time I first saw them. I did not notice the tall man sufficiently to know him again. I knew Herd before by sight - I had seen him and another frequently walking backwards and forwards in Adam-street, between seven and eight o'clock of a morning.
WILLIAM BOND. I am an officer. In consequence of the description I received, I took the prisoners into custody - I have seen them together before. I found 7 s. on Herd, and 9 s. on the other. I took Herd on the night of the robbery.
HERD'S Defence. The officer saw me at my own door at the time of the robbery.
WILLIAM BOND. That I deny.
HERD - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PURSE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
