





2082. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHEARMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 1 clock, value 10s.; 2 saws, value 3s., and 1 hammock, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Clarke
               




            .
FREDERICK CLARKE. I live in Granby-row, Bethnal-green


; I cut wood, and make it into bundles to burn
. On the 15th of September I saw the prisoner - he came to me, and asked if I was by myself; I said Yes; he asked me if I would let him be a lodger of mine, and said he would pay half my rent; I agreed to it; and he came home and slept with me; I went out the next morning, and came home at half-past twelve o'clock - he had the dinner ready: he stopped that night - I went out again the next day; when I came home I found the place locked up, I looked through the window and missed my clock - when I got in I missed two saws and a hammock; I went to his mother's house and found him; he told me to make myself easy, and he would let me have my things; he said he had not taken the saws, but the clock and the hammock.


                  LEWIS 
                  MYERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; as we were going to the watch-house, I asked what he had done with the property; he said he had sold it in Dogrow; I went to Clark; this is the clock; and as I was going down stairs Clark gave me the saw.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOLBY
               



            . I saw the saw hanging at Clarke's.


                  ABIGAIL 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live in Dog-row, and deal in marine-stores; I bought this clock and this saw of the prisoner - I asked him three times if they were his own property - he said they were; and did I suppose he would tell me a lie? I gave 6s. for the clock, and 6d. for the saw - he asked 8d. for it; I asked where he lived, and he told me where his mother lived; I should have charged 7s. for the clock I dare say, but I might have kept it twelve months.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in great distress at the time; and the prosecutor said he would forgive me if I told him where the things were.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
