





279. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOELL
                  , alias 
YARDLEY





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 14 ozs. of silk, value 35s., and 35 wooden bobbins, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Gee
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hulland
               



             and others.
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIZA 
                  GEE
               



            . I live in Vincent-court, Silver-street, City; my daughter had some silk sent from Mr. Hulland - she live with me. On the 1st of October the prisoner came, and said he came for Mr. Hulland's silk; I told my daughter, who delivered it to him - I supposed at the time that he had come from Mr. Hulland; it was Mr. Hulland's silk.
Prisoner. Q. Is it not customary for journeyman to bring a written order? A. Not always; the prisoner is a weaver, and has worked for Mr. Hulland.


                  MARIA 
                  GEE
               



            . I received some silk from Mr. Hulland on the 30th of September, and on the 1st of October the prisoner came and asked me for Mr. Hulland's silk; I gave him thirty-five bobbins, which I had wound - he asked me to lend him a handkerchief, and he would leave it at the warehouse for me; I gave him one - I have not seen the silk or the handkerchief since.
Prisoner. Q. What time in the morning was it? A.Between eight and nine o'clock.
JOHN HULLAND. I live in Goldsmith-street - Gee worked for me. I sent her some silk in September; I did not send the prisoner for any part of it - he had been in my employ, but left about this time last year, and had no direction from me to do any thing after that; I had not seen him; I have not found the silk - there were fourteen yards, worth 38s.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
