






989. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FINCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February

, 1 shawl, value 12s., and 3 handkerchiefs, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Atkinson
               



            , his master; and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SAUNDERS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said shawl and two handkerchiefs, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
RICHARD ATKINSON. I am a linen-draper
, and live in St. Paul's church-yard. Finch was in my employ for about four months; on the 17th of February, the officers came to my house - I then went to Finch's bed-room, and took him into custody, but found nothing in his boxes; the officer produced a shawl and handkerchief;we asked Finch if he knew them, he said he did: we took him to the watch-house, and then asked if he had any thing else; he said he had some more goods, and took us to a man to whom he said he had given them, but we found nothing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BEE
               



            . I live in London-house-yard. Saunders is my apprentice; on the 17th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I accused him of having property not his own; he denied it - I said, "Walk up stairs with me, and what you have which is not your own, give me." I went up, and found a book, a shawl, and two silk handkerchiefs - I said, "Give them to me to carry to Mr. Atkinson." I went there, but he was gone to bed - I took them to the night constable, and had Saunders secured: he then said George, who lived at Mr. Atkinson's, had given them to him to dispose of as well as he could. Mr. Atkinson afterwards saw them.


                  LEWIS 
                  FACHE
               



            . I saw Saunders, and asked where he got this property; he said from Finch - I showed them to Finch, who said he took them from his master.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I am a constable, and was with Facbe; Finch said the property was his master's; Saunders said that George gave them to him.
SAUNDERS' Defence. He asked me to mind them for him - I put them into my box, which any one could look into, as the hinge was broken.
FINCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAUNDERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
