





1134. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, a pair of sheets, value 5 s.; two night caps, value 6 d.; and a pair of stockings, value 6 d.
            , the goods of the 
               
Overseers of the Poor of the parish of St. Giles




            .
THREE OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to different persons.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am matron of the workhouse of St. Giles's


, which is divided into forty-five wards; Jane Proctor superintends the ward No. 22 - the door of No. 21 opens upon the same landing place: I have the care of all the linen, which is given to the different superintendants, with an inventory.


                  JANE 
                  PROCTOR
               



            . I am the nurse of the ward No. 22. On the 12th of June I took two sheets from a bed in that ward; I put them outside the door - they were marked with the mark of the house.


                  ROBERT 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a private watchman in Vinegar-yard. On the evening of the 12th of June, about a quarter before ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner on the top of the workhouse wall: the moment he dropped I took hold of him, and took him into the lodge: he had under his jacket two sheets, a night cap, and a pair of stockings; he said
"It is a bad job - it is only Sydney;" I think he had been drinking, but he was not drunk.


                  ROBERT 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I am beadle, and have the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was very drunk: I had been out that evening, and had been drinking with a friend till past eight o'clock - what I did after that I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
