





839. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, a saw, value 1 s.; a knife, value 1 s.; a stock. value 1 s.; and a basket, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Hobbs
                        



                     
                  , and three live tame fowls, price 3 s., and one live tame duck, price 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dawe
                  



               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I live in Kensington-gravel-pits, andman carpenter
. On the 6th of May, about eight o'clock, at night, I left my inside Mr. Cheese's, I returned at six o'clock in the in Mr. Cheese's cottage - the prisoner was in custody.
JAMES D. I work for Mr. Cheese. I left five and six ducks in the hen-house adjoining the stable, at eight o'clock - next morning at six, three dead fowls and a live duck were shewn to me.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live with Mr. Cheese, and was disturbed between two and three o'clock in the morning by the dogs. I sleep opposite the stable. I looked out and heard the fence break. I called Mr. Cheese up - I and Harris went towards the stable, and found the door open and some fowls stolen - the laths of the hen-house were pulled down; we found a basket thirty yards from the stable, with the carpenter's tools and poultry in it - about four o'clock we were in the adjoining meadow, about a hundred yards from the premises, and saw the prisoner and another man come over the fence of Cheese's garden, we ran after him nearly a mile and at last took him in the cock loft of his mother's house - he ran through the canal cut, and was quite wet when we took him. I am certain of him; the garden is no thoroughfare.


                  HENRY 
                  CHEESE
               



            . I am proprietor of the garden. Harris awoke me, we found the hen-house robbed, and pursued the prisoner. I am certain he is the man - he ran through the canal cut into the loft. We found the cover of a tinder box and a bundle of matches upon him.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Cheese. I fastened the stable at night; I saw the prisoner come out of the garden. I kept behind and picked up the basket with the dead poultry and tools in it - the live duck was in a bag.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man in the path who asked me to pick up the basket of tools, and I did - he then said " Run, for there is my uncle, and if you don't run, he will shoot you."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
