





667. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, one watch, value 4 l.; one chain, value 2 l., and three seals, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dixon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am an inspector in the East India Company's service
, and live in Commercial-road. On the 20th of April, about half past three o'clock in the afternoon, I was returning from the India House, and was going by Castle-street or court, Whitechapel


, which is under a gateway. I was walking in the street and did not turn down the street. All at once I felt myself hustled by three or four men. I felt much alarmed, having above 150 l. about me. I extricated myself and threw them all from me. As soon as they left, I saw one of them with my watch in his hand, hanging by the seals. I felt and missed it - I knew it to be mine when I saw it - he was not two yards from me. I immediately called out Stop thief! attempted to run after him, and fell. Lock came up and I pointed the man out to him. He ran down Castle-court. I saw Lock pursuing him at the bottom of the court, they then turned to the left, and I myself lost sight of them and was too much alarmed to follow. I returned to wash myself, having lost blood by my fall. I saw the prisoner at the watch-house in about an hour, and, to the best of my belief, he is the man. I am positive that the man Lock pursued was the man who took my watch, and who I saw with it. I have never recovered it.
Cross-examined by MR. BROADRICK. Q. You do not swear to him - A. No; but I have no doubt of him; I think he had a blue coat on, and when I saw him at the watch-house he had a brown one.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a City officer. I was in Whitechapel between three and four o'clock, within two doors of Castle-street, and saw Mr. Dixon on his hands and knees, crying out stop thief. He said he had lost his watch, and pointed out the prisoner, who was running down the gateway, between forty and fifty yards down - nobody but him was running then. I pursued him immediately to the back way of the Cross Keys public-house, and he got from me there. In about twenty minutes or half an hour I returned and found the prisoner coming out of the passage leading to that house. I pointed him out to Stone. I did not know him before; but noticed his features as I pursued him. I found him within a door or two of the Cross Keys. The passage is a thoroughfare. I am sure he is the person I pursued into the Cross Keys; he had changed his dress then - when I pursued him he had on a blue coat and trowsers; on seeing him the second time, his neck-handkerchief was off, and he had a brown great coat on and no stockings, which he had before. When I laid hold of him, he said, he was waiting at home while his stockings were washed, and denied being the person. Stone took him to the watch-house, and I fetched the prosecutor, who said he could not swear positively to him, as he had not got his spectacles on. I can swear he positively he is the person he pointed out to me.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not know him before - A. No - he turned his head round several times. I could have picked him out from a crowd.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 20th of April, I was accosted by Dixon and Lock, and within two doors of the Cross Keys we met the prisoner - he appeared in a flurry. Lock came up and said he was the person. I took him to the watch-house. Dixon said he believed him to be the man. I found 3 s. 2 d. on him.


                  ROBERT 
                  GILLON
               



            . I am fourteen years old, and live in Mitre-street, Aldgate, with my father. I saw the prisoner running down the street with the watch in his right hand.I saw a mob, and also Mr. Dixon; and heard him call out
"Stop thief." I am quite sure the prisoner is the person. He had a blue jacket on, striped waistcoat, and blue trowsers. I ran after him and lost sight of him, just as he turned round by the Cross Keys - he was about six yards from me. I saw Lock returning, saying, he should fetch another officer. He came with one, and I saw them take the prisoner, and said he was the man - he then had a brown great coat on, and was very hot.
Cross-examined. I am positive he is the man.
Prisoner. I am not the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
