







1192. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OAKES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 64lbs. weight of bacon, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stock
               




            ; and that the said 
               
                  William 
                  Oakes
               



            , on the 23d of October, in the 9th year of his Majesty's reign, &c. was convicted of felony.
THOMAS STOCK. I am a yeast-dealer
, and live at No. 4, Little Camden-street, Camden-stown


. I had a side of bacon, which I hung at my door on the 21st of May; I went out, and while I was at the Fox publichouse, at Highgate, my wife came and said it was gone; I thought it was a joke, but when I came home I found it was gone - it was my own killing and cutting up.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It has been killed a long time? A. About three weeks; I did not breed the pig - I know the cutting of this, it is different to any other.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STOCK
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. This bacon hung at our door at three o'clock - in ten minutes it was taken - I went and told my husband.
Cross-examined. Q. Could one person carry it? A. Yes; one man.
GEORGE WADDINGTON. I am an officer. I met the two prisoners and a third person; Oakes was carrying this bacon on his head - Thomas was carrying a bat in his hand; I followed them down to Clerkenwell workhouse, to see if they spoke to one another, but they did not - they were close together sometimes; I then went up and asked Oakes who gave him the bacon - he said it was given him by a person near the prison to carry for him; I secured the third one, and took hold of Thomas; Oakes threw the bacon at me and ran off - he was brought back: he took up the hat, which laid at my feet, and said"Give us my hat."
Cross-examined. Q.Where did you meet them? A. At the corner of Coppice-row, that is two miles from Camden-town; these two men might have met the other; Thomas threw down the bat when I took hold of him - it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; Thomas got away, and was taken the next day - the third person was discharged.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a watchman. I took Thomas on the 7th of June.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I was watching when Oakes and Thomas were stopped; I saw Oakes with the bacon, which he threw down - another person was carrying the hat; I do not know who it was - I did not see them talk together.(Property produced and sworn to.)
OAKES' Defence. I met a young man in black, who asked me to carry this bacon; the officer asked me who gave it me - I showed him the young man; I thought it was Thomas, but it was not.
THOMAS' Defence. I know nothing of this young man; I never saw him before.
MATTHIAS WELDHEN. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Oakes - I was present at the trial, and know he is the man. (read.)
OAKES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Three Months
            .
