





73. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BAYLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 1 dozen of plates, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Barker
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARTHA 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am a widow, and keep a china-shop
 in Lower-terrace, Islington


. On the 17th of November, I was standing in my shop, and saw a man at my window; I looked very hard at him, as I thought he meant to rob me - I went and removed every thing from the door; I then shut too my folding-doors, and lighted the gas; I went into my parlour and sat down - I then saw my shop-door very gently open; I rose up expecting it was a customer, went forward and saw a man stooping down, taking some plates; he ran away - I went to the door, and cried Stop thief! and then I saw the prisoner. (who was the man I first saw at the window) standing at Dr. Sharpe's, four doors from my house - Dr. Sharpe's boy came and asked what was the matter; I said I had been robbed again - he went and told his master, who sent for an officer. I described the man I had seen at my window - he came and brought these eight plates the next day, which, from the pattern, I believe to be mine; I have no mark on them - I did not see any thing in the prisoner's hand in the street; I first saw him between four and five o'clock.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This young man has a brother has he not? A. Yes, and he is like him; I do not know whether any thing was found upon the prisoner - I had not seen him before, to the best of my knowledge.
COURT. Q. Had you seen his brother before? A. No; I saw him at the office, and their hair is alike - I do not think it possible I could mistake the one for the other.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutrix gave me information of the plates being stolen, and described a young man with a light flannel jacket, and a red cap; knowing Baylis, I went to Islington workhouse, and got information where he lodged; I went to Paradise-place, and saw 
               
                  Martha 
                  Baylis
               



            , the prisoner's brother's wife - she went to the cupboard, and gave me out these eight plates; the prisoner's brother is shorter than him; I do not think a person could mistake the one for the other - their hair is alike: I did not know the brother, but I did the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q.Might not a person mistake one for the other? A. It might be so; his brother's wife gave me these plates.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I and Taylor took the prisoner; I had known him about the place.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother's wife. The prisoner brought these plates home on the Monday evening, about six o'clock, and the next morning the officers came; I gave them to them.
Cross-examined. Q.Was there no suspicion of your husband taking them? A. No: they were in our lodging- no one was at home but me when he brought them; my husband is not here - the prisoner asked me to let him leave them till the next day.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them at Aldgate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
