





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
57. 
               
                  
                     JOHN EDWARD OGDENIS 
                     ALLCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, being servant
 to Mr. Fountain, did steal two silver butter-boats, value 4 l. 10 s., a sovereign and four half crowns
            , his property.


                     WILLIAM 
                     FOUNTAIN
                  




               
            . I live in Arthur-place, New Haggerston, the prisoner was employed by me as journeyman, and went on errands; he was not in my constant employ, business being bad. On Monday morning, the 28th of October, I sent him to Goldsmith's-hall with two silver butter-boats to be stamped, and gave him a sovereign and four half crowns to pay the duty; he was to leave it at the hall, and return in an hour. He did not return at all, and on the Wednesday evening, when I came home, I found he had come to my house drunk, and was asleep. He said he was very sorry he had spent the money, but that was robbed of the boats; they weighed twenty-three ounces.



                  WILLIAM 
                  FOUNTAIN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I went to Goldsmith's-hall in the afternoon, and could not find the boats.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I keep the Black's-head public-house. On the evening of the robbery, he came with three or four more, and called for a pint of beer, which I refused without the money. They said they had plenty of money, and ordered half a pint of rum, and a pipe; the prisoner gave me a sovereign; soon after his companions went out, and he told me he had been robbed of two sovereigns and the change I had given him; a woman had been with him, who, he said, was his wife. I asked him if she took the money; he said yes. I said, perhaps she knew best how to take care of it. He came again next morning, and said he was robbed. I said,
"Why, you said your wife took the money;" he said he had no wife. He asked me if Ironmonger was with him, I said yes; he fetched him, and said I said he had robbed him.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge, and asked what he had done with the property; he said he had been robbed; that the people tore the lining out of his hat and pocket; I examined his pocket, but it had not been torn.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged in Almstrong's rents, and was to go to my master at eight o'clock in the morning, I got a man on the first floor to call me. I got the boats from my master, and went into a public-house and got 2 d. worth of rum, then went home, and tossed with the lodger for two glasses of gin; he came out with me, and took me to a house by Baker's-row. I found it was too late to go to the Hall, as I must be there by nine o'clock, so I got some breakfast, and the man went with me to a public house in Church-street. He asked me what I had in my bag, I said china; he wanted me to leave it there, and sent me out for eggs, but I took the bag with me. I returned to the public-house, and drank there till twelve o'clock; the liquor made me drowsy, and where I went to I have no recollection, but was at the Turk's Head just after three o'clock, and remember that after that I got robbed; for they put my hat over my face, and extended my arms. while they emptied my pockets and tore away my fob. Next day I went to ask the landlord if I had a bag with me, as I was told I had been in the privy at the Feathers asleep. A witness was at the Turk's Head, who saw the whole transaction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
