





43. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 47 hinges, value 26l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Johnston
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM RICH. I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in King-street, Seven-dials, about eight o'clock in the evening, on the 24th of November - I saw the prisoner coming through the street; I suspected, and followed him to Drury-lane - I there stopped him, and found on him twenty-three pairs of patent brass hinges; he said he was going to Field-lane, but he would not tell me where he got them from - I took him to the watch-house, and the next morning found the owner; the prisoner had three pairs in his hat, some in his right-hand pockets, and some in his left-hand pockets.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you mean to say he did not tell you where he got them as soon as you asked him? A.No; he said at the watch-house that he found them in a court in Crown-street; he told me he was going to Field-lane, and in going along the street he said if I liked to go with him, I should see where he was going to; he said at the watch-house he would go back to the place, but he did not tell me where it was - our inspector and two or three more were there at the time; there was a man with me when I took him - the prisoner said he got them in a court, and when I locked him up I went there, but there was no such thing, nor had any person seen any; he was coming from Crown-court, towards Field-lane, when I took him - I believe there is a shop in Field-lane where they buy such things.
STEPHEN GAMMAN. I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Johnston
               



            , of Greek-street - he is the proprietor of a hinge warehouse
. I can swear to these hinges as his; I have the inspection of every hinge that is brought into the warehouse.
WILLIAM WICKS. I am shopman to Mr. Johnston. I missed a number of hinges from a tier of shelves near the door, and some from other shelves - on the evening of the 24th, at a quarter-past eight o'clock, I had double locked the shop door; on the morning of the 25th I found the key would not open the door, and then I missed the property.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove that I had been at a witnesses house till half-past nine o'clock that evening, and had not come out many minutes when I picked up these hinges.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STROUD
               



            . I am a bricklayer, of Grafton-street, Soho. I have known the prisoner these ten or twelve years -I saw him last Tuesday week, which I believe was the 24th of November: I met him in the street at seven o'clock, and he stopped with me till half-past nine - I am quite certain it was more than a quarter-past nine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
