





1014. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SAMUELS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 75lbs. of lead, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Dark
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
ISAAC DARK. I have a house at Hammersmith, in the parish of Fulham


. On the 20th of February, between three and four o'clock in the morning, a person gave me information: I went to the house and missed this lead: I found one piece of lead about eighteen yards from the premises, and the rest was turned up.


                  RICHARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . On the morning of the 20th of February, I was at Hammersmith and saw the prisoner and another man taking the lead off the shop front of Dark's house, I went up and spoke to the prisoner, who I knew, and they both ran away - I called, Dark, who got up and went to the premises: he got over, and went and took the prisoner up - some of the lead was torn up and chopped; I prevented them taking it away - it was about five o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I found this piece of lead in the road to the creek, about seven o'clock in the morning.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDGESON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and matched part of lead to the premises - it fitted exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove I was in bed at the time.
- PRICE. I know the prisoner. On the night before the robbery he was about with me, and went to bed at half-past nine o'clock - we slept in the same bed at Mrs. Salmon's, near the water side; I left him in bed between six and seven in the morning, when I got up Mrs. Salmon saw us there - she is not able to come here; her daughter also saw us - it was on Tuesday night the, 20th of February.
RICHARD HEDGES re-examined. I swear I saw him at the house. I was close to him, and spoke to him; he goes by the name of Doggey: I said "Master Doggey, I have caught you at last" and he ran away - I told Mr. Dark who it was - there is a gas-light opposite.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
