





1145. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BOTTERELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, two half-crowns, five shillings, and eight sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Brodie
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  BRODIE
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Brodie, who is a sea-faring man
. I keep a shop in Bath-street, City-road


. On the 25th of May I was in my parlour, behind the shop - I heard a noise, went into the shop, and saw the prisoner crawling on his hands and knees from the counter; I caught hold of him, and asked what he had been doing behind the counter; he repeatedly said
"Nothing;" I attempted to put my hand into his pocket - he struck at me three times, and bit my hand - I let him go - a young lady caught him at the door but he got from her; a gentleman caught him and brought him back: I then went to my till and found I had lost 13 s. or 14 s.; he denied it at first, but after various excuses, confessed that he had gone behind the counter, and taken it, and said he hoped I would forgive him.


                  REBECCA 
                  CHADWICK
               



            . I live next door to Brodie. I was coming out of our back parlour and heard her scream - I ran to the door and saw the prisoner coming out of her house; I caught hold of him and he struck me several times on the head, when two gentlemen came up, and caught hold of him - he was not out of my sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVERTON
               



            . I was in the shop opposite, and saw the prisoner and Chadwick struggling: I took hold of him and asked what he had done - he said Nothing! I asked what he went in for - he said some peppermint: the prosecutrix then went behind the counter, and said
"I have lost some silver;" the prisoner then put his hand in his pocket, and said he had taken it. Mrs. Brodie said she would be directed by us; I said she ought not to let him go. I went for an officer, but before I got back he had been taken into custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
