





88. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     MERCHANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 4 sovereigns, and 14s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Garrett 
                  Comerford
               




            .
GARRETT COMERFORD. I am a sailor
. On the 6th of November I met with the prisoner, and went with her to Mrs. Wright's, North-alley, Strand


: we went to bed about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, and at three in the morning I missed her - I then felt for my jacket, in the pocket of which I had four sovereigns and 14s. when I went to bed; my money and shoes were gone; there was no one in the room: my shoes were new - I had bought them in the morning, when I had been paid off from the ship Challenger; I had been drinking with some of my shipmates, but I had my senses about me when I went to bed - I did not get up, but lay till the morning; I then a went down, and inquired for the prisoner - I saw her afterwards, but only 15s. 8d. was found on her; she had bought some things with the money.
Prisoner. When I met you in the Strand you were talking to two women, and was so tipsy you could scarcely stand - you asked me and the others to have something to drink; we went and had a glass each, and then we went to that house: the woman who keeps it was forced to lift you up stairs, and you gave me 4s. - I said I would not stay with you for that. Witness. No; I gave 5s. to the person who keeps the house - she took 3s. for the room, sent for half a pint of rum, and gave me 1s. back - that shilling the prisoner did not take; she left her own articles in the room.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a constable. I took up the prisoner on the 6th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the complaint of the prosecutor; I found her in a room in the Almonry at Westminster - I found these articles of female apparel in the room; I found 15s. 8d. in money on her, but did not find the man's shoes.


                  MARGARET 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I keep the house. The prisoner and prosecutor came there, and paid me 3s. for the room - the next morning he came down, and asked for the mistress; a person called Mrs. Wright - he said, "I think it's all wrong;" he stated that he had lost his money and shoes - I looked for them, but could not find them; I heard a little slam of the door about one o'clock, but thought it might be some dogs.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not have the man's money; I bought these things out of some I received from a gentleman - when I left the house it was not eleven o'clock; this woman keeps a brothel, and keeps women to rob gentlemen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
