





1458. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, 1 silver watch, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SMITH. I am a boatman
 to Horsley and Co. I was at the Crown and Sceptre


, about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th; I had a little beer, but was quite sober - there were three of us captains there; I had spent my money, and the company frowned upon me; I said,"Sooner than be exposed, I will leave my watch in the bar"- I did not see the publican, but the prisoner, who was there, took it out of my hand, and walked off; I had never seen her before to my knowledge - I do not know but what she did have a little beer; she did not return, and I employed a man to go and take her - I certainly did at first think it was a joke; the officer found the watch in her bosom - I do not think I had any conversation with her.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am an officer. A young man came to me in Golden-lane, and said a man had been robbed of his watch; I went to the Crown and Sceptre to ask what sort of girl it was - she had left her bonnet there; by her bonnet I thought I knew her, and I went and found the prisoner in Golden-lane - she at first denied having any watch: I took her into a house, and found it in her bosom.
Prisoner. I can be upon my Sacrament oath, that I never denied having the watch. Witness. Yes, you did, and in going along, she said, "For God's sake don't tell the man; you may keep the watch;" the prosecutor appeared to have his faculties about him.
 - BABY. I was at the public-house, and saw the prosecutor there - he was a little in liquor; he said,"Take this watch, and get a pot of beer;" the prisoner took it, and went away - he did not give it her; she went out without her bonnet.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell my friends that you saw the man give me the watch? A. No, I never said a word about it.
COURT. Q. Did you ever tell that girl, or any of her friends, that the prosecutor gave her the watch? A. No, I did not.
Prisoner to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. Had not you and I three pots of beer together? A. No; I only know of two pots - she was not in my company; two boatmen were in my company.
Prisoner's Defence. I was with him almost two hours, and had three pots of beer; he wanted the fourth - the landlady brought it, and he had no money; he then took his watch out of his pocket, and said, "Here, my wench, take this:" that is the truth, so help me God.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
