






1641. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  ANDERSON
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WALFORD
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Alexander 
                        Coombe
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM ALEXANDER COOMBE. I am an attorney
. On the 25th of July I was near the Post-office, and had a handkerchief in my pocket; somebody touched me on the shoulder - I turned round, and saw it on the ground, close to the prisoners, who were both within a yard of me; we were all within the space of two yards - all close together.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You cannot say it had not fallen out of your pocket? A. No; I did not feel it taken.


                  JAMES 
                  MOORE
               



            . I was present, and saw the prisonerAnderson take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket - Walford was close behind him; I had seen them in company, but did not see them speak together - Anderson was putting it into his breeches pocket, but seeing me looking at them, he shoved it behind; Walford was shoving it behind him with an umbrella; I am an officer in the East India service.
Cross-examined. Q. Anderson took it? A. Yes, and threw it behind; the other gave it a touch with his umbrella.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I followed the prisoners from Bishopsgate-street down Cornhill, and there saw Anderson attempt a person's pocket; he crossed up'Change-alley to the Post-office - Walford was with him, and when I got up the handkerchief was in the act of being taken up - they were both in company.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know an attempt to pick a pocket is an offence? A. Yes; I did not take him - I saw him lay hold of two different pockets.
Q. Why not take them up them? A. I will tell you: I have cantioned Anderson over and over again, that he would suffer for it, as he was constantly about picking pockets; I waited that day to see if he would commit a felony; Walford did not attempt a pocket at all.
ANDERSON's Defence. The gentleman never cautioned me - I am as innocent as a child unborn.
WALFORD's Defence. I was only passing by, and just touched it with my umbrella.
ANDERSON - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WALFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
