





1727. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EARL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Lucas
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LUCAS
               



            . On the 6th of September, about a quarter-past seven o'clock, I felt a slight touch at my pocket, and missed my handkerchief - I saw the prisoner running; I followed, and cried Stop thief! I lost sight of him, but he was stopped at the corner of Earl's-court and had my handkerchief in his possession - I suppose not half a minute had elapsed.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I have the handkerchief, which I received from the prosecutor - I saw the prisoner run up Byder's-court and then on to Earl's-court, where a man knocked him down and I took him.
Prisoner. He brought me nearly up to Newport-street before the gentleman or the officer came up. Witness. No, it was not so - the handkerchief was in his hand, and he was on the ground.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was running up Earl's-court, a person came up and said, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I shall stop you;" he took me into Newport-street- he had the handkerchief in his hand, and said he had picked it up; he would not go to the watch-house - he said he had stopped me, and that was all he had to do.


                  JAMES 
                  LUCAS
               



            . The person did come to the watch-house, and I asked the watch-house-keeper if it was necessary for him to sign the book - he said No, two were sufficient- I am positive the prisoner ran away, and no one else was near me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
