







Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
183. 
               
                  MARY 
                  PRIOR
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 40 yards of Norwich Crape, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        William May 
                        Lander
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dingley
                     




                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM MAY LANDER. I am in partnership with Thomas Dingley - we are linen-drapers
, and live in Strutton-ground, Westminster


. On the 12th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I missed a piece of Norwich crape from the window; I put another piece in the window, in the same place, tied a string to it, and carried the string to the further end of the shop. About six o'clock, seeing the string move, I jumped over the counter, went into the street, and saw the prisoner Prior and and another female - I caught the prisoner by the shoulder, and said she had been taking a piece of Norwich crape from the window - the other woman immediately ran off; Prior turned round, and dropped the piece of Norwich crape; I took her into the shop, and observed that her hand was bleeding; I sent for an officer, and gave her in charge. The crape is worth 3l.; it measures forty yards, and cost me 1s. 9d. a yard.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You missed a piece before that? A. Yes, about four o'clock; a small piece was broken out of the window on Saturday morning - I could not get it mended. I am sure Prior dropped the crape; I caught hold of her shoulder, and it dropped from her.


                  ANN 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I belong to the Westminster blue coat school. The prisoners live together, in the first floor back room of the same house as me - I live in the kitchen. On the 12th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I was coming up stairs, and met them coming down, with another woman, whom I know by sight - they got out of the street door before me, and got down the steps; I opened the door, went down the steps, and saw them all three in Orchard-street; the two women were on the left-hand side of the way, and Wood on the right; I saw Wood cross over to them, and say, "Don't both of you go;" the other woman said, "I will go;" Prior immediately said,"I will go - my hand is smaller, look;" this created my suspicion - they went on. Wood went on before Prior, and turned down Strutton-ground - he took a steel thing out of his pocket, and was going to thrust it into the window - Prior said, "Don't do that, I can do it in half the time" - Wood crossed over to the other side. I saw Prior put her hand into the broken piece of glass, and pull out a piece of silk, as I thought; I went in to tell Mr. Lander- he asked what I wanted, but before I could answer he jumped over the counter, went out to Prior, and I saw no more,
Cross-examined. Q. What is your father? A. A milkman. I was never in the prisoners' room. I know of no quarrel between my father and them.
Q. What made you follow them? A. I was going to Mr. Lander's, for half a yard of calico. Prior rather unrolled the stuff in pulling it out. I told Mr. Lander all I had seen, and was told to attend the office next day.
- SIMPSON. I am an officer. I was sent for about a quarter past six o'clock, and took Prior into custody with the crape. On our way to the office, having known her six or eight years, I asked how she came to do it - she said, "I am in liquor, or I would not have done such a thing."


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman, and assisted in taking Wood.
PRIOR'S Defence. My prosecutor swears false. I was standing at the window with several people, seeing the things marked so cheap; another woman stood there. I saw a piece of stuff drop - it laid by me, when he came out and said he was certain I took it.
PRIOR - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WOOD - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing to the value of 39s. only.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
