





1122. 
               
                  
                     JESSE 
                     BOWTELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, one watch, value 1 l.; one chain, value 10 s.; one seal, value 5 s., and two keys, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ingram
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I live in Harley-street. On the 18th of August I was standing at the entrance to Spring Gardens


 to see her Majesty pass. A rush came instantly at me. The prisoner came with his arms and held against me with great force. I felt my watch go, and saw the chain hanging from his hand. I seized and kept him till the officer took him. Some gentleman produced my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Did not the gentleman say,
"Here is your watch, you have got the wrong man" - A. No. The prisoner dragged me into the middle of the road.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TATE
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, and live in the City-road. I saw the prosecutor rush towards the prisoner, and saw the chain in his hand. I attempted to seize him, but five or six came round, cried Rescue, and threw me into the middle of the road. I saw a gentleman take the watch from the prisoner's hand, and give it to Mr. Ingram.


                  JAMES 
                  HAUDLEY
               



            . I am a constable. Immediately as the Queen's carriage passed I saw a general rush. There was a cry for an officer. I saw two or three gentlemen struggling with the prisoner, and secured him. Several men endeavoured to rescue him. One of the gentlemen who had hold of him gave me the watch. He made great resistance, and it was with difficulty I could secure him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was taken to a public-house. The watch was brought in by a man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
