





FIRST DAY. THURSDAY, JANUARY 15.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Justice Park.
266. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 chain, value 2l.; 3 seals, value 1l., and 1 key, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Squibb
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SQUIBB
               



            . I live in Princes-place, Westminster


 - nobody but my own family lives there. I gave six guineas for this watch four years ago, 25s. for the chain, and 50s. for the seals; they are gold.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SQUIBB
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 6th of January I went into the yard in front of our house, about ten o'clock in the morning, and pulled the street-door too after me; I left this silver watch hanging at the head of the bed - I had seen it shortly before, and am certain it was there; I returned in ten minutes and found the street-door open and the watch gone - I had only pulled it too; I had not been out of the yard, but was not in sight of the door all the time - I saw the prisoner at the bottom of the court; there is a gate at the bottom of the court - I followed and charged her with stealing the watch; she said she bad not got it, and I saw her drop it on the ground - I held her till Hill took her.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. I live in Princes-place. I was standing at my father's door and saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutor's house; I saw her pull her cloak round her - I am sure she is the woman; I said nothing.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HILL
               



            . On the 6th of January I saw the prosecutrix holding the prisoner - I was at work opposite; I saw the watch in the kennel and my wife picked it up - the prosecutrix called Stop thief! I ran and stopped the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. -The prisoner was brought to the office, with the watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.
GUILTY. Aged 43.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
