





Middlesex Cases, Third Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1399. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, a necklace, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Gross
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Amelia 
                           Gross
                        



, spinster
.


                  ELIZA 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Gross
               



            , a publican
, who lives in Virginia-row, Bethnal-green


. On the 6th of September, I was near Mr. Isaacson's shop


, with Mr. Gross's little daughter
, Amelia - that shop is near my master's - Wilmore was with me. I saw the prisonercome and take the beads from the baby's neck; he did not undo the snap, but broke the ribbon. He gave them to another man, who was two or three yards from him, and said,
"Here Sam!" they then walked away together; I went across, and took hold of him, and said he had the beads; he said he had not; I said he had given them to the other man - he said he would go back to him and see. I would not let him go, or he would have run away.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  WILMORE
               



            . I am twelve years old. I was with Underwood, near Mr. Isaacson's shop. I took the prisoner's hand off the child's neck - he had the heads in his hand. I saw him give them to the other man, who ran away.


                  JOHN 
                  ISAACSON
               



            . I am a Staffordshire dealer. On the evening of the 6th of September these two girls came to my shop, with a child in their arms - they had not left the shop more than a minute before I heard a screaming. I came out, and saw they had got hold of the prisoner's coat, and said he had taken off the child's beads, and gave them to a man who ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
