






939. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  MOORE
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 1 basket, value 1s. 4d., and 2 live tame pigeons, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Castang
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWMARSH
               



            . I live with Mr. Castang, in the City-road - he deals in live fowls
. On the 21 of April, between two and three o'clock, I saw a young man in Old-street in a blue coat, with a basket and two pigeons - I knew the basket to be my master's; I had left it at home when I went out - the prisoners were with that man - they were all walking together, about one hundred yards from my master's; I followed them through a court, and at the end of the court I saw Charles Moore take the pigeons out of the basket, and put them into his pocket: Samuel was close to him - they then all ran over to the Duke of Gloucester public-house; the prisoners went in there, and the other man went away with the basket. I fetched an officer, but when I returned they were gone - the officer took them that night, and I knew them to be the men. I knew Charles Moore before.


                  RICHARD 
                  BURT
               



            . I live in this neighbourhood. I stood at the end of James-court, and saw three young men come down the court with two pigeons in a basket - Charles was one of them - I knew him before; they were two or three hundred yards from Mr. Castang's; a young man in a long blue coat carried them.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I am an officer. Newmarsh fetched me, and said Charles Moore had stolen two pigeons; I went to the Duke of Gloucester again about seven o'clock in the evening, and found both the prisoners.


                  PHILIP 
                  CASTANG
               



            . I keep this shop. I had three pigeons at my door between two and three o'clock - I heard an alarm, and missed a basket with two pigeons.
CHARLES MOORE's Defence. I saw the officer in the house, and went to see what was the matter - if I had been guilty I should not have gone there.
SAMUEL MOORE's Defence (written.) Early on Monday morning, the 2d of April, I was called to see my mother, who was dying; she wished to see my brother Charles; I, of course, went out, and at last found him at the Royal Oak public-house, and also Joseph Palmer - we remained there till three o'clock in the afternoon; we all left there, with an intention of coming home - we called in at the Duke of Gloucester, and whilst sitting there the officer came in, and called out my brother Charles; I followed, to see what was the matter, and he took me also.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a journey man silk-dresser. On Monday, the 2d of April, Samuel Moore called on me; I went with him to the Royal Oak, Pitfield-street, Hoxton,and staid till three o'clock; I first saw him just before two - he called on me at Mr. Stanbridge's. I saw Charles at the Royal Oak; they left at three, leaving me there - I was in their company the whole hour.
Q. What makes you so particular about the hour? A. I afterwards heard this robbery was at half-past two o'clock; I do not know where Castang lives; nobody is here from the Royal Oak - it is two or three hundred yards from the City-road. Sam's wife fetched me to Worship-street, in case I should be wanted; I heard of them being in custody about pigeons; they bore a good character; I never heard of their being in custody before.
Semuel Moore received a good character.
C. MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
S. MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Six Months
            .
