





NINTH DAY, FRIDAY, MARCH 1.
436. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEENHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, one silk dress, value 2 l.; one scarf, value 2 l.; one shawl, value 15 s.; two caps, value 6 s.; one petticoat, value 3 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 10 s.; two pair of stockings, value 3 s.; one table cloth, value 10 s.; one pair of cuffs, value 3 s., and two pair of shoes, value 9 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Timms
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  TIMMS
               



            . I am house-maid
 to Mr. Cullen, of No. 10, Berner's-street, Oxford-street. On the 5th of November, about ten o'clock at night, I was going to my situation - I called a coach in Goodge-street, Tottenham Court-road


, and went with it to my aunt's, in Russell-place, Fitzroy-square


. The prisoner drove it, and put my trunk and two boxes in with a bundle, which contained the articles stated in the indictment, and other things. On arriving at Berner's-street, the footman handed my things out, and I myself went in; and in about half an hour, missed my bundle. I immediately went to the stand I took the coach from, and made enquiry, and next morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, I found the prisoner at his master's in Bulstrode-mews, and asked if he had seen any thing of the bundle I had left in the coach? he said he had not put up the steps of his coach, before a woman and a man accosted him at our door in Berner's-street, with a large box and bundle, and asked him to take them to the Ship, public-house, Charing-cross, and to drive as fast as he could; that the man wanted to ride on the box, but he said he never suffered that, and he must ride with the woman inside - that the man got in the coach, and he drove them to the Ship, and had something to drink with them there, and they went off by the Dulwich, Greenwich, or Woolwich stage. I said I was quite sure he had taken up no fare at our door; he said he did. I said I should certainly take steps to obtain my clothes. When he took me up, I told him I was going to my place - I went to Marlborough-street, they said he ought to leave it in Essex-street, at the expiration of four days. I did not know the number of the coach, but it was a yellow one - I know he took up no fare at our door, for I saw him put up the steps, and heard the coach drive off immediately - I have found some of my property, I had a search warrant.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You went down in the kitchen, I suppose - A. I stood in the hall, it was dark. He was summoned before the Commissioners of Hackney coaches, six or eight days after, and before Mr. Dyer, and was discharged. I afterwards got a search warrant and found my stockings in his house, and a cap.
Q. Before the warrant was granted, you gave the officer a list of your things, was the cap or stockings included in that list - A. Not the cap, the stockings were - he has surrendered to-day, to take his trial, I did not put everything down in the list.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAWER
               



            . I am a watchman of Berner-street. On the 5th of November, I was on duty, and just before ten o'clock, I saw a hackney coach drive up to No. 10. A young woman got out, and some parcels were taken out. I was about ten yards off - it was a moon-light night - the coachman and the servant had a few words, I could not hear what about; he came from the door, shut up the steps, and drove away immediately into Oxford-street. I saw him nearly to the bottom of the street - he took no person up whatever, if he had, I must have seen him.
Cross-examined. Q. Who handed the things out. - A. I cannot say. I saw him nine or ten doors down the street. I was asked about this next night. I attended at Marlborough-street. Mr. Dyer dismissed the complaint, and sent it to the Hackney-coach office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 2d of January, I executed a search warrant at the prisoner's lodgings, Avery-row, New Bond-street, and found a pair of stockings and a night-cap.
Cross-examined. Q. His wife claimed the stockings. - A. Yes; and the cap. The prosecutrix described them before she saw them, one as being footed with cotton, and the other all silk, and said she also knew them by the feel.


                  MARY 
                  TIMMS
               



            . I know the stockings are mine, for I cut them down a little, and footed them; one with a pair of cotton stockings, and the other with silk, and one has a piece grafted in the toe. I described this before I opened it. I can swear positively to having put them in the bundle myself. The cap I know is mine, I saw my mother make it.
Cross-examined. Q. You would not speak to it when you found it. - A. I said the same as I do now, that I did not make it.
Prisoner's Defence. During the time I was setting this lady down, she only paid half my fare, which causeda dispute. The footman pushed me from the door. I dropped a shilling, and in picking it up, I saw a woman in the coach, and a man on the step with a box - he wished me to make haste to the Greenwich stage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
