






Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
1157. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     FERRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June

, 1 bag, value 1d., and 50 dollars, value 11l. 4s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Macartney
                     



                  , in thedwelling-house of Stephen Bath
            ; and 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  BATH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 16 of the said dollars knowing, them to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MACARTNEY
               



            . I was serjeant-major
 of the 27th East India regiment. I came home on Friday week, and last Saturday week, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming from the India House and going home with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Britten
               



             - I met the prisoner Ferris and another in the street - I did not know either of them before; I went with them down to Bath's house and saw her there; I remained in the room I first went into - the two girls, Britten, and I were in one room - Bath came up and brought half a pint of gin which the girls had ordered after we went into the room; Britten gave the money for it - I do not know who he gave it to; I knew Britten at Calcutta - he had come over in the same ship that I did; he went away with the other girl; Ferris stopped with me; I had fifty-six silver Spanish dollars in a bag in my breeches pocket, and I had some other money in my waistcoatpocket - I put the bag on the pillow - I was on the bed with the girl; I put my purse on the pillow before I got on the bed - she saw me put it there, and told me it would be more safe in my hat; I then put it into my hat, which I put on a chair near the head of the bed; I 
               drew
             the chair quite close to the bed on my right side; I was on the bed for six or eight minutes, and somebody from below stairs called her by some name - she was on the bed - she jumped up and went down stairs - I got up as quick as possible after her, looked for my money, and it was gone; I had not seen her take it - she went out of the room very hastily; I got off the bed instantly - my hat was not taken; I was perfectly sober, and neither saw nor heard any one come into the room; when she was called, she said, "I am called, and must go down and see what is wanted;" I do not know whether she said she would return - I went down stairs instantly and saw Bath, and asked where she was; she said she was gone away, and that Britten's girl was gone with her; I asked where Britten was - she said he was up stairs, and I told her of my loss - I told Britten when he came down stairs, and told him to go for a watchman; he brought a man in - I told him what had happened; I sent Britten to the office - I staid there till he came back; while he was gone, Bath told me I should not get the money; an officer came and made a search, but did not find any money at the first search -Bath had gone out - she came in in about half an hour; a young man and another old woman had been left in the house with me; when Bath came back, she came in at the back door, and went up stairs; she came down in about a minute, and told me and the officer to go and search about the bed for the money - we went up stairs; I had taken my hat with me when I went down stairs, and had it on; I am quite sure my money was not in my hat then; I and the officer went up and searched the bed, and Bath pulled sixteen dollars out from the bed in my bag; I cannot tell what part of the bed she took it from, but am sure I did not put it there; no more was found; when I put them into my bag there were about fifty-eight dollars in it; I had counted them that morning, and am quite sure there were fifty-six; I did not see either of the girls for two days after; I know Ferris, and am certain she is the woman.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you drink any of the gin? A. No; I know I lost fifty-six dollars; I had fifty-eight or fifty-nine in the morning, it was all stolen; I was sober - I do not recollect whether the window curtains were drawn; the bed was not opposite the window, the side was to the wall; she got up once before the voice called, and somebody came to the door - the door was fastened with a chair; the room was quite light - I had given Ferris 2s. from my waistcoat pocket; she got off the bed at the side, getting over me.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had you been drinking with the women before you went to the house? A. Yes; directly I went down Bath told me the girls were both gone - she said she had not got the money; I waited in the kitchen while she was absent, with two persons -I had seen nobody else in the house; the officer had searched the bed and could not find the money - Bath produced it from between the bed and the sacking.
COURT. Q. Some things were found down stairs? A. Yes; two bonnets and two shawls, which I think were the bonnets they wore when I met them - Bath was out when the officer came and searched the bed; she came in, went up stairs, then came down, and said "Let us go up and search the bed:" we went up - the officer had searched the place in which she found the money; if it had been there then he must have found it - it was my bag, and only sixteen dollars in it.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALEY
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I was sent for a little before five o'clock, and went with Britten to the house of Bath; I had never been in the house before - I knew she lived there; she was not within - the prosecutor, a young man and woman, were there; the prosecutor told me he had been robbed of fifty-six dollar - I searched the lower part of the house, and in the cupboard I found these bonnets and two shawls - I went up stairs before Bath came in; the prosecutor showed me the bed he had been lying on - I searched it, and every part of the room; I took off the clothes and stripped the bed - if this bag of money had been there I must have found it; I went down stairs to wait till Bath returned - she came in hastily at the back door, and went up stairs very fast, without coming into the room where I was; it is a corner house - I was going to follow her, but she came down immediately, and I met her; I told her a robbery had taken place in her place - she said, "If you go up stairs I think you will find some of the property now;" I had not told her. I had been searching - I went up stairs with her and the prosecutor; she took off the bed, took up this bag, and said"Here it is;" it was about the centre of the bed, between the bed and the mattress - I had searched there before, and it could not have been there without my finding it; I said it was a very strange thing that it should be there then - she said Kit had given it her at the bottom of the street; I said, "What Kit?" she said Kit Ferris - we went down stairs again; I showed her the bonnets, and said, "Who do these belong to?" she said, to the two girls who came in with them; she told me she put the money into the bed herself, when she ran up stairs - I knew Ferris before, and knew who she meant by Kit; Miller afterwards apprehended her on the 8th - there are sixteen dollars in the bag.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Bath at first deny all knowledge of the transaction? A. No; she said Ferrisgave it to her - she is a married woman, and keeps the house; I do not think there was a key to the door.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. When you arrived all three women were absent? A. Yes; Bath said Ferris gave her the money at the bottom of the street - she described the other woman.


                  JOHN 
                  MACARTNEY
               



            . This is my bag; I brought it from Calcutta; the dollars are all marked - I saw a man mark them at Calcutta.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Healey and took Bath; she told me about two girls, Kit Creole and Bett - Ferris is called Creole by having formerly lived with one; she then stated that a person came for the bonnets and shawls - that she went down with that person, and saw Ferris at a house at the bottom of Glasshouse-street, and Ferris gave her the bag with sixteen dollars in it - that she heard the officers were in the house, she went up and put them in the bed.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALEY
               



            . I searched while she was out, and found the bonnets and shawls; she did not know I had found them till she returned - nobody came for them while I was there.
FERRIS' Defence. I saw him with many more dollars, but they were never in my hands; I got out at the foot of the bed, and never meddled with his hat - I certainly stopped away to save myself from prostitution; I never gave Bath any money - there is no fastening to the door.
BATH put in a written Defence, admitting that she had placed the bag in the bed, but not with intent to withhold it from the owner, thinking it the most adviseable way to return it - that Ferris had given it to her, and assured her all the money was in it.
FERRIS - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BATH - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 61.




               Confined Two Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
