






1631. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  TANDY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October

, thirteen bottles, value 2 s.; six quarts of porter, value 2 s, and two quarts of ale, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        William Cornelius 
                        Offley
                     



                  ; his master
            ; and 
               
                  AMY 
                  WATSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM CORNELIUS OFFLEY. I live in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden



. The prisoner Tandy lived eighteen months with me as confidential servant

, and had access to my cellar whenever he asked for the key. I had given him no direction, on the 4th of October, to take any ale or porter out: he went to take four bottles of wine to a gentleman - I was shewn some bottles of porter by Mr. Hall, about eight o'clock that evening: I had given him directions to watch my premises previously, in consequence of information I had received: I had seen the female about my premises but she had never been employed by me; I never allowed Tandy to give her any ale or porter.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBERTS. Q. Do your servants ever take samples out without your orders? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a chemist and druggist, and live opposite to Mr. Offley - he has the cellars under my house. On the evening of the 4th of October, I saw the female prisoner and Tandy's wife, near the house - Tandy put a basket, which I considered full, out of the cellar, on the flap, between the two women - Tandy's wife took it up and they both went away toward Bedford-court, in the direction of St. Martin's-lane; I then saw Tandy followthem with a bottle in each hand, which he delivered to the female prisoner, in Mary's-buildings; he then went away, and I lost sight of him; I went up to the women and pushed them into a shoemaker's shop, when I got an officer; I looked at the basket, while it was in the shop, and it contained nine pint bottles of ale and four of stout; I then saw each of the women take two quart bottles of stout from the front of their dress, which they put down by the side of the basket - I asked the women what they had got - they said beer - I said they had got it from Offley.
Cross-examined. Q. Were these bottles put up from the cellar in the usual way? A. No, they generally open the whole flap.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. I took the two women into custody in Mr. Harding's shop, and found these bottles there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I took Tandy on the evening of the 5th of October, in Tavistock-court; Mr. Offley was with me: Tandy fell on his knees and begged forgiveness.
TANDY'S Defence. I was sent to Bond-street with two bottles of wine - I know no more of the case - I might have passed this prisoner in the street, but she received nothing of me.
Seven witnesses gave Watson a good character.
TANDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WATSON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Confined Two Months
            .
