





175. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GROUT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 3 cwt., 1 qr., and 20lbs. of white lead, value 6l. 10s., and 1 cask, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barwick
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am a watchman, and have known the prisoner for ten or twelve years. On the 20th of July, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I met him in Fleur-de-lis-street, with two others rolling a cask - the prisoner sometimes rolled it, and at times the other two - they were about four hundred yards from Mr. Barwick's; the prisoner knew me - he came over, and said, "Charles, are you going to work;" I said, No - I had no work to do, but I said, "I see you have got a job, but you shall take it no further;" I tried to secure him, but the others assisted him, and they all ran off, leaving the cask with me; I took it to the watch-house - the others were afterwards taken, but the prisoner was not found till lately.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am headborough. On the 20th of July, Brett brought this cask to the watch-house, about five o'clock in the morning - it contained white lead, which Mr. Barwick claimed - Brett described the persons - I knew them.
THOMAS BARWICK. I am a plumber
. On the 20th of July I found this cask of white lead at the watch-house - it is mine - it was taken from an avenue, which leads to my back premises, and was safe on the evening of the 19th.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 29th of November.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to look for a job, and two men asked me to roll the cask - they said they would give me 1s. - Brett attempted to take me, and I got away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
