






862. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUNN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, one watch, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANTHONY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am in the service of Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Burrell
               



            , and live in Berkeley-square. On the 8th of June, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was at the corner of Dean-street, South Audley-street


, at the time the Queen was there; there was a great crowd - the constable tapped me on the shoulder, and said my watch was gone. I felt and missed it, it was safe about a quarter of an hour before. I assisted him in securing the prisoners - a mob surrounded us, gave me a blow on my head, and knocked my hat off. They were secured at last.
Cross-examined by MR. HONE. Q. You did not feel your watch go - A. No; I was not exactly in the crowd.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in South Audley-street, saw the prisoners, and watched them for near half an hour. I saw them go up to Smith; Jones leant his left hand against his right arm, and with his right hand took the watch out, and gave it to Bunn. I stepped over and told Smith his watch was gone, and to follow me. I ran and seized Bunn, he had his left hand in his breeches pocket. I pulled it out, seized it with the watch in it, and took it from him - several desperate characters tried to rescue him - we kept him at the risk of our lives, and at last got him to the watch-house. Smith assisted in securing Jones; one of them struck me over the head, and said nobody should take him.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am an assistant at Hatton-garden. I saw Jones take the watch and deliver it to Bunn. I secured Jones, he immediately struck me, and asked what I wanted - there was a great resistance. More officers came up and assisted. Several well-known characters endeavoured to rescue him. He said he would have killed me.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I was known by the bad characters, and kept back from their view till I saw them laid hold of. I then advanced and assisted - there was a desperate resistance. I was obliged to produce my pistol; we were struck in all quarters. Jones said in the way to the watch-house, that two or three of us should not have secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I assisted in securing the prisoner with great difficulty. I struck Jones over the head, and took him. There were a great many thieves there.


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I assisted in securing the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BUNN'S Defence. Jones was not in my company.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
