





600. 
               
                  JANE 
                  GALE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 1 counterpane, value 6s.; 2 table-cloths, value 20s.; 3 waistcoats, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 5 towels, value 2s. 6d.; 1 toilet-cover, value 1s.; 1 brooch, value 5s.; 2 rummers, value 4s.; 3 wine-glasses, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 napkin, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 night-cap, value 6d., and 2 china cups, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Abraham Wildey 
                  Roberts
               




            , Esq.
, her master.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMS
               



            . I am butler to Abraham Wildey Robarts, Esq. - he lives at No. 26, Hill-street, Berkeley-square


 - the prisoner was upper housemaid
 for about nine months; property was missing at different times. On the 16th of January Mrs. Robarts said the things were missing, and she wished her box to be searched; she opened her box herself, and wished me to look into it; I found some things there with master's name - she then objected to my looking any further. An officer was sent for, who found more things, and several duplicates of Mr. Robart's property.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Mr. Robarts, and found the prisoner in her bed-room; her box was open - Sims said he had found some property in it; I searched it, and found two china cups, some table linen, and duplicates.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOFTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gilbert-street. I have a counterpane, pawned by the prisoner, on the 30th of November, in the name of Mary Wright - here are two table-cloths and other articles, pawned in the same name, but I do not know who by.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
