





1174. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BRADON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 crown, 3 half-crowns, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 5 1/2d. in copper, the monies of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Callaghan
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MICHAEL CALLAGHAN. I am a labourer
, and live in King's-head-court, Broadway, Westminster. Last Saturday night week I met the prisoner in the Broadway; I have known her this ten months, and have been with her before at her room in Orchard-street


; I went home with her, and we went to bed about twelve o'clock; I had received my wages from Mr. Hunt - I had one crown, three half-crowns, four shillings, and one sixpence in silver, and five-pence halfpenny in copper - when I went to bed, I put it into my stocking, and went to bed with my stockings on; before I went to bed I fastened the door, by putting the poker through the staple, so that no one could have got in; I had taken a little, but was not drunk - I awoke a little after five o'clock, and the prisoner was gone - the stocking was turned off my leg, and the money taken away; the door was closed too, but the poker was taken out - I dressed, and went to a public-house to see for the prisoner, but could not find her; I then went to Charing Cross, and found her at the Canteen between eight and nine o'clock, and gave charge of her for robbing me; she heard me make the charge, but said nothing - the constable took her out, and asked if she had robbed me; she denied it, but at Bow-street she owned it; all the money was found upon her - except the crown piece; I had agreed to give her two shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OXLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for and went to the Canteen at Charing Cross - the prosecutor stated what money the prisoner had robbed him of; I took her out, and asked her if she had robbed him - she denied it; but on searching her I found three half-crowns, four shillings, one sixpence, and four-pence-halfpenny, and two knives; I found the prosecutor and her making it up the next day; I parted them, and took her in to Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Birnie
               



             - I heard her say she had taken the money from him, but not so much by one shilling as he had stated.
Prisoner's Defence. When he saw me the next morning he said he only wanted his money - there were only five shillings short, and he said he would give me till Saturday night to make it good; I had a deal more money than I took of him, as I had been with several more persons.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
