





1442. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, 1 piece of silk handkerchiefs, containing 7 handkerchiefs, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
             and another.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother - we are silk manufacturers
, and live in the Poultry


. On the 1st of July I lost a piece of handkerchiefs from the warehouse window - I had seen it three hours before it was stolen; I was not at home at the time - I saw it at the Mansion-house the next day, and have no doubt of it.


                  JAMES 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Smith. I saw the prisoner and another young man come into the warehouse - I was in the counting-house: I recollected having seen them two or three times before, but they never brought any thing; I went up stairs, watched, and in two minutes saw the prisoner with his hat off, and when the shopman went from the window, I saw the prisoner take a piece of handkerchiefs and put it into his hat - I walked down stairs, went out at the door, and as he came out I called him back and asked him to let me look at his hat - he said he should not, and ran off and I after him; I stopped him, and brought him back to the ware-house - he took his hat off, took the piece of handkerchiefs out, and threw it over the counter; I picked it up, and gave it to the constable.
Cross-examined. Q.Were there some pieces on the ground? A.There were, but I am sure this came from his hat.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am a constable. I took him in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
