





1165. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TWIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, two hats, value 40 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Savage
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I live with my brother, who is a hatter and hosier; the prisoner came to our shop and said he wanted a hat for himself, and he looked at another which he said would fit his friend. I took them up next morning to his house, and he put the hat on which he took for himself, and said his friend was out and he did not know if the other would he large enough for him, but wished me to bring up two others to look at. I did so, and he desired me to leave them till Monday morning. On Monday morning he called, and said he neither had got the hats nor the money, but he was going into the City, and about four o'clock he should be at home, and if I called on him he would return the two hats and pay for the two be kept. I went up at four o'clock, and he said it was not convenient to give me the hats then, but he would call on my brother next morning to look out some goods, and he would return two hats, and the money for the two that were kept. He came in the morning and looked out some goods to the amount of 25 l.; these were sent in the afternoon, about five o'clock, with a bill, and the two hats he was to keep were put down in the bill, but the other two that were to be returned were not included. I heard from my brother that day that there was a warrant out against the prisoner. I went with my brother and got 20 l. worth of the goods back, but I have not seen the hats since.
Cross-examined by Mr. COOK. Q. Did he not promise to pay for these second two hats on the 8th July - A. No, I did not leave the second two upon an understanding that he was to pay for them; he was to take two out of the four; the price of the first two was one guinea each, and the others were to be the same price. I left them from the Saturday till the Tuesday when I got back the goods; he never promised to pay on the 8th July: there were some persons present when he spoke about the hats, and promised to return two; the bill of parcels of the goods was made out on Tuesday, and the goods sent to his house.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an apprentice to a pawnbroker; the hats were pledged at our shop on the 3d July by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . The hat he first bought is not here; this one has a particular mark on it which we never put on a hat before - it might be the one which his friend might have chosen. I do not know whether the choice had been made.
Prisoner's Defence. The two hats I first ordered, one of them I chose for myself, the other I thought not quite large enough. Mr. Savage was to bring two more; he did so, and said they were one guinea each - the Thursday following was appointed for payment. His brother then proposed to let me have a small assortment of hosiery, but he took out 25 l. worth. On the day I received the goods he called and said there was a warrant out against me, I said
"If you think so, here are your goods, take them back if you please."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
