





1676. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS ROBERT 
                     POPPY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, 34lbs. weight of paper, value 11s., and 1 book, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Singleton 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            , his master
.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARTWELL GOWER
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Crombie-row, Battle-bridge. I know the prisoner; I have bought paper of him several times within the last two or three months - the last time might be about two months ago; I bought several bundles, and paid him 4d. per 1b. I cannot recollect what quantity - I delivered some of the same paper to the constable.
Prisoner. Q. Did you hear Mr. Taylor say, if I gave up the account of the paper, he would not prosecute me? A. Yes; I think it was before your wife - he said he would not proceed against you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAMPANY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I have a book which we bought of the prisoner about six months ago. I do not know what we gave for it - we generally give 41/2d. and 5d. a pound.


                  DANIEL 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Brewer-street. I bought some of these papers of a person who came to my shop about three months ago. I think it was a stouter man than the prisoner.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SINGLETON TAYLOR
               



            . I am a solicitor
 - the prisoner was in my employ. I took him into my office to write, from charitable feelings - he was recommended to me from the poor-house; I did it to serve him. I received information, and his lodgings were searched - I had heard that part of our parish records were in circulation, with pieces of cheese. I am a vestry clerk - I went to Mr. Gower's, and found this large quantity of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAR
               



            . I am an officer, and produce the papers which were delivered to me at Hatton-garden, by Turner, Gower, and the other witness.
MR. TAYLOR. I know these papers - part of them are my writing, and part my clerks.
Prisoner. When I was in the New prison, Mr. Taylor said, if he got his papers back he would be out of the way, and not prosecute me - he has discharged two clerks for dishonesty.
MR. TAYLOR. There was a written paper sent me to sign, agreeing not to prosecute, but I declined signing it; I said I would make no compromise - I said, perhaps, if I got all my papers back, I would not. I have discharged two clerks for dishonesty.
Prisoner's Defence, On the 5th of July I left the office at dinner-time, and two officers came to search my apartment, saying, Mr. Taylor suspected I had taken some papers - I was taken to the office, and discharged next day; the Magistrate desired him to return me some papers which were taken from my lodging; but I left them for Mr. Taylor to look over - and left a note, saying he might look them over, and take what he thought proper. I left them there several days, then went and took the rest away, and sold it for waste-paper; I heard no more for some time, when he sent word that he was determined to prosecute me, unless I gave an account of what I had taken away; this was on the 7th or 8th of August. I had applied to him for 2l. 8s., which appears to have excited some vindictive feelings against me. On the 21st of August he sent me a note, stating that he wished to see me or my wife, and on the 23d I was again taken - the paper produced is precisely the same as was delivered to me at Hatton-garden - Mr. Taylorcalled on me in the New prison, and assured me he would be out of the way; his words were, "If you will give me up that green book, I will not prosecute; but if not, I will do all I can to transport you." He has discharged some clerks, and it is hard I am to bear the blame of all that is lost - I was allowed only 15s. a week, and had a difficulty to get that. I had some papers to copy at home.
MR. TAYLOR. The papers desired by the Magistrate to be returned were not these - this is a subsequent transaction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
