





THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, JUNE 30.
752. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, one watch, value 20 s., and one seal, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Casson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CASSON
               



            . I am an half-pay officer
 of the Tower Hamlets, and live near the Obelisk, in St. George's-fields. On the 15th of June, a little after nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Brick-lane, Spitalfields


, and near a butcher's shop I and my brother officer were surrounded by four or five persons, the prisoner was in front of me. I am positive he is the man. He laid hold of my watch-ribbon, and immediately drew my watch from me - I felt it go - both my arms were engaged in supporting my brother officer, who was intoxicated. I left him, and seized the prisoner, whom I never lost sight of. He was secured, but the watch was not found on him. I was quite sober.


                  JAMES 
                  ORPWOOD
               



            . I was with Mr. Casson. I was a little in liquor. We were surrounded by a number of men and women, Casson lost his watch, and seized the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. I was at my door, about six yards from where the robbery was committed, and saw Casson and the last witness surrounded by several persons, I got my staff, and saw Casson pass several persons and seize the prisoner, who was making away.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
