





1643. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 shoe, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Lloyd
                     




                  , from his person
            .
FRANCIS LLOYD. On the 11th of July I was at the Haymarket Theatre, with my wife - the prisoner, as I believe, came up and requested me to let him get a coach, as is was raining; I would not; he then followed me up the Haymarket


, and there were twenty or thirty persons; some one threw a stone, which staggered me a little; the prisoner then came and stood on my heel; I turned and said, "Is there not room enough on the flag-stones?" - I then put my hand to my pocket, but I had lost nothing - the prisoner then appeared to be inebriated, but I afterwards saw him follow some other persons up the Hay-market, and I said to the watchman, "There is a thief, I believe," and I was going away; but when I had got about thirty doors, Mrs. Lloyd put her hand to my pocket, and found that one shoe was gone from it; I put her into a shop, and went with the watchman; we took the prisoner with the shoe in his hand.
COURT. Q. Why did not you give charge of him at once? A. I did not know that I had lost any thing; when he was taken he was speaking some flash words to a woman, who was very angry with him for not taking both shoes - one expression which I remarked was,"What a d-d fumbler he was not to get the two - one was of no use."


                  MICHAEL 
                  QUIN
               



            . I am a watchman of Coventry-street. I went with Lloyd, and took the prisoner with the shoe; he pretended to be drunk, but when he got to the watch-house he was perfectly sober.
Prisoner to FRANCIS LLOYD. Q. Can you swear I took it out of your pocket at the time I trod on your heel? A. I can swear he got it out of my pocket, but I cannot say when.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was night constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this shoe.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the Haymarket - a shoe was thrown at me, and I took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
