







1121. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PIDGEON
               




            , 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CLEMENTS
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  STARLING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, 635lbs. of lead, value 5l., belonging to 
                     
                        George 
                        Worrall
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SEVEN OTHER COUNTS, stating it to belong to other persons.
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  POPE
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at Kingsbury, in Middlesex


. I occupy a farm of Mr. George Worrall - I missed some lead from the force-pump and some from the roof, on Saturday, the 21st of April; I set Giles and another man to watch - the lead had been fixed to the dwelling-house, some on the roof, and some on the garret window; some part of it was gone, and some was left rolled up on the roof; it is a large mansion, which I have the care of; no person lives in it. I know nothing of the prisoners. I afterwards saw some lead fitted, which corresponded with the remains of lead on that house, it fitted the sink, and every thing else.
COURT. Q. Are you able to say whether one person might have cut and removed this lead? A. One person might have cut it, but there must have been three or four to carry it away; there was 500lbs. and more. That from the top was cut and rolled up, and put into a room; the tearing away, rolling, and removing, would have required at least three men - they had removed the keys, and we found them in the drawing-room, near the window, with a chisel; this was on the Saturday - I saw the lead safe on the Wednesday.


                  GEORGE 
                  POPE
               



            . I am the son of Henry Pope. Gilesand another were set to watch on the Sunday night; Giles came to me about half-past ten o'clock - I got up, and went to the lawn facing the house; I heard a knocking about in the house several times between ten and three o'clock, and just as the clock struck three, one man pushed the window up, and one said, "Don't let us get up yet - we cannot see - let us lay half an hour longer;" soon afterwards I heard them coming out, and Giles stepped forward - they heard him walking on some gravel stones, and one of them said,"Here are some men;" they were then either in the house or in the balcony, just coming out. We stopped the three prisoners, and asked what they did there; they said they were going water-cressing - I told them it was a very queer place to go to for water-cresses. I had been over these premises on the Tuesday, and all was right then; we found 6 cwt. and 3 qrs. of lead, I think that was all - some of it had been taken from the balcony and put into a cupboard, and some in other places; some keys had been taken out of the locks of the doors, and put into the water-closet.
Cross-examined. Q. You say the keys were found in a room? A. Yes, and one of the rooms in which the lead was, was locked by one of those keys; I had been on the premises on Sunday - there was no chisel or keys there then.
COURT. Q. Are you able to say whether any of the lead had been removed on the Saturday? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Kingston. I watched on the Sunday evening with a young man who is not here - I was there about eleven o'clock at night, and saw three or four persons come past me; we were waiting in a little water-closet outside the house; they went round behind me, and got on the balcony; I then heard the sash come down, and the bar of the window fall; I then heard the sash put up again, and the shutter opened very easily; I waited some considerable time, and heard a knocking about in the room; I then slipped out, and called Mr. Pope- when we came back I heard a noise in the room; we got over a fence to go on the lawn, and the sticks snapped under our feet, which I suppose gave an alarm, and we heard no more for some time; we stood there till about three o'clock - no person got up to the house after we got there; when the clock struck three one of the persons said,"It is two o'clock - let us get up;" another said, "No, it is too dark - let us lay half an hour longer - we shan't see the cresses;" the other said, "Let us get up, I am so bl - dy cold;" one of them then said, "There is somebody below," and they called out, "Halloo, mate, what is it o'clock?" I said, "You know the clock - you heard it strike;" the three prisoners then came down, and we said we had lost some lead - they said they knew nothing about it. This is a large gentleman's house, but is not now inhabited.
Prisoner PIDGEON. Q. Did not you say it was half-past ten o'clock when we came there? A. No; we had been waiting about an hour, and you came at eleven o'clock- there was no lead in the room where you were; there was 6 cwt. 3 qrs. 5lbs. in all.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. When did you first see a chisel? A. In the morning, after we took them; I had been there the day before, and there was no chisel there then; they could get into the room adjoining the balcony.
MR. BRODRICK to MR. H. POPE. Q. Had you been into the room before they were taken? A. Yes - there was no chisel there then and no keys; I could not get into the water-closet that day.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I received some lead at Mr. Pope's premises - I compared it with what remained on the premises; it fitted exactly; this piece fitted the pipe of the force-pump; these marks of the wall-hooks correspond exactly with the marks in the wall - I have no doubt whatever that it came from that building.
PIDGEON'S Defence. We set out to seek for watercresses - we went round Watford, and were coming back through Edgware; we staid all day, and asked a woman where we could lie down - she told us there was an empty house in a field; we went and looked in an open shed, which was very wet; we went round the house, and saw this balcony - we got up there, and staid till three o'clock; we counted but two, and I said to Clements, "There is two o'clock, let us get up" - he said, "No, let us lie half an hour longer - we shan't be able to see the cresses;" we got up, and heard some men; they said, "Come down" - we came down, and they took us into custody; we said we would go, as we had done nothing - they have the watercress bag I suppose now.
JURY to MR. POPE. Q. When were the keys first missed from the doors? A. On the Saturday, when we first found the lead had been cut.
PIDGEON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
CLEMENTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
STARLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
