






1216. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GILMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, one watch, value 15 l.; one chain, value 2 l.; two seals, value 1 l., and two keys, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James Gunn 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GUNN HARRIS
               



            . I am a traveller
, and live in Fenchurch street. On the 2d of July, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was in Whitecross-street


. I heard a cry of murder! and found a great crowd collected. A number of people were ill-using the watchman. I knew him, and helped him to secure two people, and take them to the watch-house. I lost my watch in the crowd - I did not perceive it taken from me, it was safe when I entered the crowd - I did not miss it until the witness informed me of it. I am confident that Gilman hustled me twice in the mob. I found him at the watch-house on the Friday night following, and was certain of him the moment his hat was put on.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WHOWALL
               



            . I work for 
               Mr. Gade
            , a trunk-maker, in Coleman-street. I saw the prosecutor come into the crowd, and saw the two prisoners come up; I am certain of them, they were about six feet apart. Gilman hallooed out
"Tom" and pointed to Davis, who then nodded to him - Gilman pointed to the prosecutor's watch, his seals hung out. Two women were being taken to the watch-house, and as they were being led through the posts at the corner of Long's-buildings, Gilman said to Davis
"Come on!" Davis followed him; they went up the passage, and got close to Harris; a third person was then with them, Davis was going on the right side, Gilman pushed him, and said
"Go along." He then went to the left of Harris, Gilman was close behind, he pushed Harris behind, and the others pushed him on each side. Gilman put out his hand and took out the watch. He said
"Come on!" All three pushed out of the crowd, and went away. I followed them, as I wished to see where they went to. Davis asked Gilman to go down Chequer-alley, he objected, and they went first up Cowheel-alley. I looked at both full in the face; Gilman turned round, and said
"What are you nosing at." I went up the street, tucked my apron up, went to the watch-house, and told Harris. I described them to the watchman, and on Monday night pointed Davis out at the corner of Chequer-alley; the officer took him. On Wednesday I pointed Gilman out, and he was taken; he had a new hat on then, but when he committed the robbery he had a shabby one. When an old hat was put upon him, Harris swore to his being in the mob.
Prisoner GILMAN. Q. Why not take me at the time - A. I could not take three. I saw nobody to assist me.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Harris and Whowall on Monday night. He pointed Davis out, and I took him.
JOSEPH PRINCE. I am an officer. On the 4th of July, Whowall pointed Gilman out. I took him; he made great resistance. I was obliged to handcuff him.

JOHN TWEEDY. I and Prince apprehended Gilman.
Davis's Defence. I am innocent.


                  THOMAS 
                  GILMAN
               



             -  

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



             -  

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
