





Before Mr. Recorder.
36. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WEATHERS
               




             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 30th of November
, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 3 seals, value 20s., and 1 key, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Bryant
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD BRYANT. I live in King-street, Fetter-lane, and am a shoemaker
. On the 30th of November, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, I was between Middle-row, Holborn


, and Fetter-lane


, going home; my watch was in my fob - it was silver; the prisoner came up, meeting me, and entered into conversation; we walked two or three yards, and then he snatched my watch from my fob - he remained by me, and I accused him of it - he said he had not had it; I laid hold of him and called Watch! he broke from me - I followed him, and never lost sight of him - he ran into Shoe-lane, and was secured. The watch was picked up two or three yards from him - he said nothing; I gave him in charge - he said at the watch-house that he was not the person. I was a little fresh but not at all insensible.
Prisoner. Q. Where do you accuse me of the robbery? A. Between Middle-row and Fetter-lane - it was not opposite the church; I did not say I was so drunk that I did not know where it was.
Q. When you met me did you not lay hold of my arm, and say "Good night, shop-mate?" A. No, I said nothing about my shop-mate, nor call to any body.


                  CHARLES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a watchman of Holborn. On Sunday, the 13th of November, about ten minutes or a quarter to one o'clock, I was in Shoe-lane, near to Plumtree-court, and heard the cry of Watch! Stop him! the prisoner came running up Shoe-lane, in a direction towards me; I heard something fall - it could not fall from any body but the prisoner - nobody else was near enough, nor had any one passed for ten minutes; I was then twenty or thirty yards from him; I advanced and collared him - he said "What is the matter?" I said "You have thrown something away;" he said nothing to that; the prosecutor came up in four or five minutes; but before that Scott, a watchman, came up and held him, while I looked and found the watch in the gutter, ten or twelve paces from where I stopped him; the case was separated from it - the prosecutor came up and said, "Oh, you villain, you have robbed me of my watch." The prisoner said nothing - I took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. Is it possible for ten minutes to pass without somebody passing there? A. Yes, at that time - it was about one o'clock: after he was in custody, he said he had not taken the watch. I believe there was nobody at the watch-house but Edwards, Bryant, and the prosecutor - he was running when I first saw him, but when I stopped him he was walking - we shut the watch-house door to prevent any one coming in, but there was no crowd assembled.


                  HENRY 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I saw the prosecutor collar the prisoner, twelve or fourteen doors above St. Andrew's church - I considered it a drunken frolic, and did not at first attend to it - I turned the corner into Shoe-lane, immediately as he was laid hold of, and saw the watchman stoop and produce the watch - the prosecutor charged the prisoner with having robbed him of it. I followed to the watch-house, and saw nobody about. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Crutched-friars.
Prisoner. Q. Was Bryant drunk or sober? A. Very drunk, as I thought - I thought him so drunk that he could not identify a man, but not knowing him I could not judge whether he was drunk.
JURY. Q. Were there many persons in or about the watch-house? A. When he was taken into the watch-house there might be seven or eight - I was let in by saying I could give evidence. I saw nobody near enough to rob the prosecutor but the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a watchman on Holborn-hill. Between twelve and one o'clock I heard a cry of Watch! I looked towards Fetter-lane, and saw the prisoner running, and the prosecutor pursuing - nobody else was near but Edwards - the prisoner ran up Shoe-lane - the prosecutor fell in turning the corner - I pursued and called to Adams, who stopped him, and immediately said "You have thrown something away" - he denied it - I held him while Adams went and picked up the watch and case, two houses from where he was stopped - nobody else was near enough to throw it there.
Prisoner. Q. Was not Bryant close to the watch when it was found? A. No, he had hold of you, and said "You are the rascal who has got my watch."
Prisoner to 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . Q. Was not Bryant close by the watch, when it was picked up? A. He came up afterwards - he had not turned the corner when I heard it fall.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS FORD
               



            . I was the officer of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - Bryant said he had robbed him of his watch - Adams produced it- Bryant told me the maker's name, and described the initials on the key.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you order the watchmen to keep out several persons? A. No; the prisoner said there was another man in company with the prosecutor. The prosecutor appeared drunk, when he first came in, but answered my questions very sensibly, and soon appeared more sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Holborn, Mr. Bryant caught my arm; he mistook me for a shopmate, but finding he was wrong, he turned round, and called several times to somebody - a person came up, and left him in a few minutes, and soon after he charged me with the robbery; having been in a situation a long time, and master expecting me home, I thought it not fit to stop to be detained by a drunken man.
GEORGE THOMAS FORD re-examined. I did not think the prosecutor in such a situation as not to know what he was doing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
