





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
500. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of January
, 1 coat, value 5l.10s.; 1 tippet, value 1l.; 1 spencer, value 2s.; 1 veil, value 10s.; 1 collar, value 6d.; 1box, value 10s.; 2 corks, value 1s.; 2 bottles, value 1s.; 2 candlesticks, value 16s.; 1 table-cloth. value 5s.; 1 napkin, value 1s.; 2 pieces of lace, value 6d.; 22 spoons, value 4l. 4s.; 1 silver caster-top, value 1s.; 1 bunch of seals, value 6d., and 2 tops of ink-stands, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Oliver 
                        Oxley
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
OLIVER OXLEY. I am a picture-dealer
, and live in Long-acre


. On the 22d of June, between five and six o'clock in the morning, the watchman rang at my bell; I was asleep - it awoke me; I looked out of the window - the people said there were thieves in the house; I got up, went down, and let the watchman in at the door; I found my house in great disorder; the things in the rooms on the first floor were tossed about - every thing ransacked and disturbed; the drawing-room window was wide open; I went to the watch-house, and saw a great coat which was my property, and various other things stated in the indictment; I examined my house, and found they had raised a bar from the back area, got into the area, and proceeded up stairs - they had taken down an aitch-bone of beef, and regaled themselves with that and a bottle of wine which was up stairs, and had not been tapped in the morning.


                  FREDERICK 
                  BLACKWELL
               



            . I am constable of St. Martin's parish. On the 22d of January, about ten minutes to six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was brought into the watch-house by three watchmen, but such was the confusion at the time, I cannot say who - I searched him, and found a latch-key in his pocket, and found a pair of small scissors - about ten minutes after he was given into my custody, a great coat was produced on the arm of one of the watchman, (I think Jackson,) in the pocket of it I found two candlesticks, a black lace veil, and a lady's fur tippet - some silver spons and things were brought in by a watchman; I produce the things found since, which the watchman brought in; I found this china-box in his pocket; while I was searching him, I perceived something fall, and picked up this phospherous bottle - it came down the chimney - he threw it up, I suppose, but I did not see him.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. A key and pair of scissors are all you found on his person? A. I believe so, but in the confusion, I cannot say whether I found anything else.


                  JAMES 
                  BULL
               



            . I am a watchman, my box stands in Mr. Oxley's doorway. On the 22d of January, about twenty minutes to six o'clock, I heard some glass break inside his house; I directly came out of my box, and went to the private door in Banbury-court, to see if it was fast - I found it fast - I then went to the rear of the house, and found nothing particular out of its place: I began to put my box away, and as I moved it, a man came out at the private door, and walked up the passage, I said, "Here, I want to speak to you," - that was not the prisoner - I ran to the door, which was left ajar, pulled it too, sprang my rattle, and hallooed, Stop thief! he ran as hard as he could into Hart-street, and turned to the right; I lost sight of him in a second; I stood with the door in my hand, and sprang my rattle, till another watchman came up; another person came and took my place; I went to the front and alarmed Mr. Oxley, and while I was gone the person was taken; I searched the house all over, and found a hat which fitted the prisoner at Bow-street; there was a handkerchief in it - they have been in my possession ever since.
Q. You have no doubt that the man who came out at the door heard the cry? A. Certainly - that man had time to throw things away; he ran down Hart-street - I heard the spoons thrown down.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on this spot, and heard a rattle spring about a quarter or twenty minutes to six o'clock; I ran towards the cry, and saw a man come down off the leads adjoining Mr. Oxley's door; the leadsare in Long-acre, in front of the house; the man ran down Long-acre, and turned up St. Martin's-lane; I followed him up the lane - he turned the corner into Castle-street; when I got round the corner, I saw him down on the ground - Jackson had taken him; this great coat was half on and half off, and when we got him on his feet it came off - Jackson took it off his arm; we took him down St. Martin's-lane, to the watch-house, and as we took him along, several things dropped from him: I held him while Jackson picked them up; there was a saucepan, a box, and three skeleton-keys - they were all taken to the watch-house; he had no hat on - I left him at the watch-house, and returned to Oxley's house.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is Castle-street from Mr. Oxley's house? A. I suppose four or five hundred yards; he turned two corners before he got to Castle-street - I lost sight of him for a moment, while he turned the corner - he was still running when I turned the corner; he had no hat on when he came off the leads.


                  THOMAS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a watchman; my box is in Castle-street, at the bottom of Mercer-street. On the 22d of January, at ten minutes to six o'clock in the morning, I heard a rattle spring, and soon after it sprang again as if a man was running and springing it; I proceeded along Castle-street - the prisoner came along St. Martin's-lane into Castle-street - I knocked him down, and while he laid on his back Lewis came up - I secured him; he had a great coat on, which he slipped down as far as his elbows, and when we got him up, I took it off his arm; Lewis had got him in custody - we took him to the watch-house with the great coat; when we got him up, there was a china-box on the ground, and in Little St. Martin's-lane he dropped a silver spoon and in Great St. Martin's-lane three skeleton-keys - I picked them up, and he dropped the cork of a decanter and a piece of metal - he had no hat on.
Cross-examined. Q. The great coat was very loose on him? A. He slipped it down to his elbows when I knocked him down; it was on his back before - he offered no resistance to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am conductor of the patrol, and live near Mr. Oxley's. I heard a rattle spring, got up, went to his house, and Mrs. Oxley gave me a piece of iron; I was at Bow-street when the prisoner was examined; this hat and handkerchief were produced - he had a handkerchief similar to it round his neck; I tried the hat on him, and it fitted.
MR. OXLEY. This is my great coat; it has never been worn, and cost me 5l. 10s.; the candlesticks had been in use the night before, and are worth 16s.; this is an old family spoon - this is my enamelled snuff-box - here is the top of my pepper-castor; the value of all the property is at least 8l., and a great deal more; I had seen most of them the night before; they committed most horrid indecencies in the place; I lost some spoons, some of which were brought back from Hart-street; I lost ten tea, and I mustard-spoon - the mustard, two tea, and a table-spoon have been brought back.
Cross-examined. Q. The spoons were not found in the direction the prisoner ran? A. They were found at the back of the house.
MRS. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  ANN OXLEY
               



            . I was in bed at the time of the robbery; this is my tippet, and is new; I gave 2l. for it a week before the robbery; here is a collar which I know, and a child's spencer, and my black veil - I had seen them all the evening before.
Prisoner's Defence. I wish to know how long Mr. Oxley has had possession of the things since they were taken.
FREDERICK BLACKWELL re-examined. Every thing has been in my possession, except the tippet, candlesticks, and gloves, which Sir Richard Birnie said Mrs. Oxley might have, after marking them; she has returned them to me.
MRS. OXLEY. They are the same things.
GUILTY. Aged 36.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
