








62. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STREET
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 6 table-cloths, value 3l.; 4 aprons. value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 4 shirts, value 3l.; 1 pillow-case, value 5s.; 4 children's shirts, value 3l.; 3 cravats, value 3s.; 1 table napkin, value 5s.; I pair of stockings, value 1s.; I waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 2s., and 1 night shirt, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Monks
                  




               
            .
THOMAS MONKS."I keep a steam-washing establishment
, at Camden-town


. I had a great quantity of linen to wash - I did not see any taken, but the officer came to me, and asked if I had been robbed; a pane of glass had been taken out of the window of a room in which the foul linenis kept - I think the hole was large enough for the prisoners to get in; I had the linen examined, and part was missing.


                  ELLEN 
                  STEPHENSON
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. The articles were in his place to be washed - it is in the back garden; I was called to examine the linen, and missed four shirts, a pair of stockings, some cravats, and other things; I have seen some of them since - I know nothing of the prisoners.
GEORGE MEYRICK. I am an officer. On the 10th of November I was on duty at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoners come through the turnpike near the Yorkshire Stingo - one of them had some grass cut in his lap, and another had a bundle; I let them pass me, and then pursued them with my brother officer -I took street, who had the bundle, and Jones; as we were going to the office I saw the sleeve of a shirt hanging through a hole in the knee of Jones' breeches - I took a neckcloth off his neck; the prisoners said they had found the things under a hedge between Blood-hill and Primrosehill.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I saw the four prisoners coming through the gate, which is about two miles from Camden-town - I took Richards and Johnson; Richards said he had only some grass, but I found these table-cloths on him - I found nothing on Johnson; I went to the prosecutor's, and found the window had been broken.(Property Produced and sworn to.)
Richards' Defence. I had nothing to do, and took a walk up Primrose-hill, to see the bird-catchers - one of these lads called me to see what was in the hedge, and we found this property; we agreed to take them to some workhouse, to find the owners.
Jones' Defence. I called the boys to see the things.
Street's Defence. I was going to look for work, and found them.
Johnson's Defence. I know nothing of the boys at all.
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STREET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Six Months
            .
JOHNSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
