





851. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SAUNDERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 1 writing-desk, value 2l.; 3 watches, value 8l.; 1 ring, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 14s.; 1 key, value 5s.; 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; 1 brooch, value 14s.; 1 hat, value 1l.; 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1l.; 1 umbrella, value 3s., and 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of John Harwood; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s., and 1 brooch, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        William George 
                        White
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wyatt White
                     



.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  HARWOOD
               



            . I live on my property, and live in the house of Mr. William Wyeth White, in Searl's-place


. I put all my property away on Sunday evening, the 23d of March, and saw my hat on the 24th. On the 25th, about half-past ten o'clock, when I went up to bed, I found my hat-box on the bed, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, from my drawers - they were worth about 20l.; my bed-room is at the top of the house. On Wednesday, the 2d of April, I found my handkerchief at Mr. Graves, a pawnbroker, in Tothill-street, and the umbrella at Mr. Jones'; the street door is kept open in the day-time, as the business of a law stationer is carried on; a person might slip up without being observed - I do not know the prisoner.
WILLIAM GEORGE WHITE. I live with my father, who rents this house; Harwood resides there; my father is hisfather's executor; the house is in the Liberty of the Rolls. On the 25th of March I lost a black coat, waistcoat, and trousers, and a brooch, from the same room; also a pair of pumps, some collars, a phosphorus us bottle, and a purple silk handkerchief - I know nothing of the prisoner; I found my coat at Mr. Graham's, in Tothill-street, on the 2d of April.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARKS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker, of Westminster. On the 31st of March the prisoner pawned an umbrella with me for 1s. 6d.; he offered a belcher silk handkerchief about an hour after, but I would not take it in - I had seen him several times, and knew him well.


                  LEONARD 
                  NEEDS
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Graham and Co, of Tothill-street, Westminster. On the 28th of March the prisoner pawned a black coat with me, and on the 31st of March a belcher handkerchief for 1s. 6d., in the name of William Saunders.


                  THOMAS 
                  LONG
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 1st of April I took the prisoner in charge, and in the lining of his hat I found four duplicates, which I gave to Corby; I also found on him a phosphorus bottle and a purple handkerchief, which Mr. White claimed.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORBY
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in Long's custody; the duplicates were given to me, also the phosphorus bottle and handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. WHITE. This is my phosphorus bottle and handkerchief - I have a box which the bottle fits; I have no doubt of the handkerchief being mine.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARKS
               



            . Here is the duplicate of the umbrella which I gave him.


                  LEONARD 
                  NEEDS
               



            . Here is the duplicates I gave him.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
