





365. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  JACOBS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sixpence, 8 penny pieces, and 6 half-pence, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Timbrell
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        John James 
                        Timbrell
                     



.
JOHN JAMES TIMBRELL. I am twelve years old - (the witness appeared perfectly to understand the obligation of an oath). I live in New-cut, Blackfriars-road. On Saturday night, the 14th of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I was going to get a spencer out of pawn from Shoreditch, and in Bishopsgate-street, opposite Acorn-street


, I was looking into a tobacconist's window, and felt something at my basket; I looked round, and saw it was the prisoner - he was a stranger, and appeared alone. I missed a purse out of my basket, with a sixpence, eight pence, six half-pence, and a duplicate in it; I followed, and did not lose sight of him till he was stopped. I saw Morris pick up the purse, with the money and duplicate in it, in Union-street. The top of the basket lifts up.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see it taken? A. No, but I ran after you; I was in the road, and did not lose sight of you.


                  JANE 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am the wife of James Timbrell, a carpenter. I sent my son to redeem a spencer, between five and six o'clock; he had the duplicate and money in>a purse in his basket; he returned at ten o'clock; I know the purse very well.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Newman's-place, Bishopsgate; the tobacconist's is opposite our gate. I heard an alarm, ran out, up Union-street, and the prisoner was taken - the boy was crying. I saw the prisoner drop the purse from his hand - I told the officer, and found it on the spot, between the kennel and curb stone.


                  RICHARD 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. This tobacconist's shop is in the City. I was at the corner of Sun-street, heard a cry of Stop thief! several people crossed into Union-street, and a man seized the prisoner; I collared him, and the boy who was close by, crying, said he had robbed him; Stannard called out that he had dropped something, and on the spot we afterwards found the purse.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The lady brought her daughter to swear to it at the Mansion House, but she would not; the mother always said it was not her's. I was in Bishopsgate-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! my cousin said somebody was robbed; I went to the lad with my cousin - I had not got many yards before I was stopped; my cousin asked what they took me for, and they took him as being concerned.
PROSECUTRIX. On my oath the purse is mine, and the duplicate I know also.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
