






1060. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HIGGS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        White
                     




                  , from his person
            .
DAVIS 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHN WHITE. I am a chemist and druggist
, and live in North-place, Gray's Inn-lane. I was standing in the Tiltyard, Westminster


, last Sunday, about eleven o'clock, as they were relieving guard, intending to pass when there was an opening; I felt something at my pocket, and my handkerchief gradually left my pocket; I turned round, and Thompson had hold of Davis - Higgs was close by him.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I saw the prosecutor last Sunday morning; I saw the prisoner together try several gentlemen's pockets - they went behind the prosecutor, and Davis drew this handkerchief from his pocket; I laid hold of him, and took it from his pocket - Higgs was close to Davis, on his left side, at the time he took it; I suppose he was not three minutes in picking the pocket, but from the time he got his hand into the pocket it was not half a minute - it was deliberately done; I think Higgs must have seen what Davis did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  UPTON
               



            . I was with Thompson; we watched the two boys; I placed myself by their side in the gateway, and I fancy they thought they were observed; I sawthem try six or seven pockets; they then crossed over, and placed themselves behind the prosecutor; Davis drew the handkerchief from the pocket, and Thompson seized him immediately.
HIGGS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
