






1008. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 coat, value 3l., and 1 cloak, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Nias
                  




               
            .
HENRY NIAS. I am a surgeon
, and live at Edmonton. On the 10th of April I was in Brunswick-square


; I had a coat and cloak in my chaise - I left my servant in the chaise - I was spending the evening there, and on comingout my coat and cloak were gone; they were worth 5l. -I saw them at Guildhall, on Tuesday, the 14th.
JAMES GOWING. I am servant to Mr. Nias. On Thursday night I brought the chaise into Brunswick-square, about half-past eleven o'clock; the coat and cloak were on the driving seat - after some time I got out, and went towards the horse's head for a few minutes, and when I came back they were gone - I had only been away a few minutes; it was a very dark night: I saw nobody near the chaise.
DANIEL FORRESTER. I am an officer. On Friday, the 10th of April, about ten o'clock in the morning. I observed the prisoners and another person pass the corner of the Old Bailey, into Newgate-street - Jones had this cloak wrapped up under his arm, tied by a bit of string; Williams had a dark coat on his back - I followed them up Newgate-street (the other one left them at the corner) - I laid hold of them, and took them up a passage; I asked Jones where he got the cloak - he said he picked it up in Holborn the night before, about half-past ten o'clock, wrapped in a sheet of paper - I asked Williams where he got the coat, and he said he bought it of a Jew in Petticoat-lane, for 22s.; I asked him when - he said he did not know when: I asked him if any body saw him buy it, and Jones replied that he saw him buy it about three weeks ago - I then took them in custody, and on the Monday or Tuesday saw Mr. Nias, who claimed them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAMS' Defence. I went to Jones' lodging on Friday morning; I asked him to go with me to the Borough, and as we went along I asked him to carry the cloak - I was in bed at the time of the robbery.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
