








London Cases, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
623. 
               

                        ELEANOR
                     



                   THE WIFE

 OF BRYAN M'KENNA alias 
M'CORMICK





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February

, at St. Dunstan in the East, in the Mansion-house




of our Lord the King, called the Custom-House, a 5 l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gardner
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  BRYAN 
                  M'KENNA alias 
M'CORMICK





             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GRUBB
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same well knowing it to have been feloniously stolen
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same only stating the note to be the property of 
               
                  John Morgan 
                  Peters
               



            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, The same as the two former, only stating it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  King
               



             Kelly.
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



             PETERS. I am a clerk in the Custom-house, and was so in February. On Saturday, the 8th of February, I went to Messrs. Bosanquet and Co., with a cheque, and received a 5 l. note, four sovereigns, and a half - I wrapped the money in the note, took it home, and on the Monday morning brought it to the Custom-house, and deposited it in my drawer in the long-room, about ten o'clock. I wrote
"Bosanquet and Co., February 23," on it when I took it - it was quite clean then. I left the Custom-house between a quarter and ten minutes before four. I had been away from my desk several times in the course of the day; and had been out of the room; but I saw the note safe when I left the Custom-house. I looked to see that it was safe, and locked my desk. I opened it next morning upon returning, and it was gone. I desired payment to be stopped at the Bank; and, in consequence of information on the Thursday, I went to the Bank with Mr. Stokes, and soon after we got there, the prisoner, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Grubb
               



            , came up. Mr. Lees, who was present, questioned him as to when, and where he had taken the note. He stated, that it had been taken at a coal-shed in Margaret-street, Hackney-fields, which he kept; and from a person (whom he believed to be in a public office.) for a debt of about 17 s. 6 d., and that he did not know the person's name. On being further questioned, he said, he would point out the person's house, if he could not tell the name. It was proposed that Stokes and Lees should go with the prisoner to see where he had taken it. I left them at the door of the Bank; and, as I parted with them, as soon as I crossed the way, I looked back to see if they were going on, and saw the other male prisoner join them. I believe the female prisoner is servant to Miss Kelly, housekeeper at the Custom-house, as I have seen her several times dusting the desks of the long room.
Prisoner, ELEANOR M'KENNA. Q. Did you take your keys out of your desk - A. I did I swear that; I had them next morning when I came.
Q. Had you a second key to your desk - A. Yes, formerly; but I had lost it. I had made enquiry about it - it was a key of my desk, and a larger one attached to it. I had lost them a few days before, and never recovered them.


                  JAMES 
                  STOKES
               



            . On the 13th of February I went to the Bank with Mr. Peters, and saw Grubb there. A note was shewn me by Mr. Lees, which Grubb had produced. I asked Grubb where he got it. He said his brother had taken it the day before at a coal-shed, in Margaret-street, Hackney; that he lived there, and kept that coal-shed. I asked of whom he thought his brother had taken it. He said, he thought of a gentleman, who held a very respectable situation under Government. I asked why his brother did not write the name of the party on the back of it. He said, he did not think that that was of much consequence - his brother knew it to be good. I asked, whether, if I went home with him, he could point out the house where the gentleman lived who gave him the note. He said, he thought he could. We left the Bank, and as we got outside the door, I observed the other male prisoner standing on the opposite side. He came over to us immediately, and Grubb introduced him to me as his brother. I said to him,
"I understand you took a 5 l. note yesterday?" He said, he had not taken it, but the boy whom he employed to carry out coals had taken it, and brought it in to him; that he had taken 17 s. 6 d. out of it for a score, and gave change for it. We went on towards Hackney, and when we had got about a hundred yards beyond Shoreditch church, the prisoners both stopped, and said,
"It is of no use taking you any further Sir, we are sorry we have took you so far - we found that note yesterday in Petticoat-lane." I said,
"It is a pity you did not state this to Mr. Lees, at the Bank." One of them said, in the presence of the other, that he was sorry he had told a falsehood about it; and asked, if I thought there was any chance of their having the note restored to them. I said, I could not answer that, they must return to the Bank with me. They agreed to return, and when we got to the Refuge for the Destitute, in Shoreditch, Grubb slipped away, and got away. I told M'Kenna he must go back with me. He said, he was sorry Grubb was gone away, he supposed he was frightened. I returned to the Bank with him, and requested Mr. Lees to keep him there while I fetched Mr. Golding from the Custom-house. We were too late for an examination at the Mansion-house that day. We went to Wentworth-street to look for Grubb, but did not find him there. As we passed Petticoat-lane, M'Kenna pointed out the corner of a court, and said,
"That is the very spot where I found the note." I asked if it was wrapped up in any thing. He said, No, it was folded up. I asked if any thing was wrapped in it. He said there was nothing in it.
Prisoner GRUBB. Q. What time was it - A. Between one and two o'clock. I think it was a very fine day.
Q. Did you not wait several times for me to keep up with you - A. No; I believe M'Kenna was on first, I kept about a yard from him, and was about another yard from Grubb. I do not remember waiting for him, I did not observe that his shoes were bad.
COURT. Q. Where did he slip away from you - A. Close at the Curtain-road turnpike. I had seen him not two minutes before; I did not observe him go, but when I looked for him he was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . I am an inspector of the Bank of England. I produce a 5 l. note, which I received in the secretaries' office, in Grubb's presence; I asked where he received it. he said his brother, who kept a coal-shed and potatoe warehouse in Margaret-street, Hackney, received it for a score; that he did not know the person's name, but dare say his brother did; that it was not marked, but he had brought it to the Bank, as it was very much inked. Mr. Stokes set off with him to point out where it was received; and in two minutes they returned with M'Kenna. Mr. Stokes said,
"Oh here is his brother; he was waiting for him outside." I asked Grubb if that was his brother - hesaid it was; and M'Kenna said he was so - I said,
"Then you can tell us who you received the note from" - he said,
"I did not receive it myself, it was my boy received it"
"I asked if it was from a regular customer - he said he did not know the name, but had no doubt his boy could show us the house; and it was agreed that Stokes should go with them for the boy to point out the house - and Grubb said he understood it was taken from the wife of a person in a public office. I was not present when the note was brought to the Bank; it came to me in this inky state; and the reason they assigned for bringing it, was having inked it by accident.
Prisoner GRUBB. Q. When I brought the note did not you ask me to step aside, as you had something particular to say to somebody - A. No; I believe it is the course of business in the secretaries' office, to ask people to call again in an hour.
Q. I was asked to call again in an hour - it was then near twelve o'clock; I returned five minutes before one - A. I do not know myself that he was there more than once, but I believe he had left the note, as it is the usual course when notes are stopped.
MR. PETERS. The note was clean when I had it - here is
"Bosanquet, and Co." on it, in my writing.


                  JOHN 
                  FRIAR
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Bosanquet, and Co. On the 8th of February I paid a draft of 7 l. 10 s. 6 d. drawn by 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Calroe
               



             and Son, with a 5 l. note, dated 13th of January, No. 1499; it was clean then - (looking at it) this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PENDEGRAST
               



            . I am a coal-dealer, and live at No. 24, Chicksand-street, Osborne-place, Whitechapel. On Wednesday night, the 12th of February, about six o'clock, or half past, the female prisoner came to my house, and said she had been to the west-end of the town, on an errand for Miss Kelly, and was rather fatigued; she sat down a few minutes, then presented a 5 l. note to me, and asked me to change it; it was dirty. I do not know whether it was ink or dirt; I took down the number - it was 14991, (looks at it) I said,
"I don't like the appearance of it; I am afraid it is a bad one, but if you like to let it lay in my hands till tomorrow, I will take it to the Bank and get you the change" - she left it with me, and was to call next morning for the change. She said it belonged to her fellow-servant - I cannot write, but can make figures; I put down the number while it was in my possession; I gave it to my wife, who put it into a little box, and shortly after I went to my club.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PENDEGRAST
               



            . I am wife of the last witness. On the 12th of February the female prisoner brought this note to my husband, (looking at it) he took the number of it - it was so dirty he refused change, she went away and left it; and at half past nine that night, Bryan M'Kenna came, and said Nelly had sent him for the note. I knew Nelly and him before, and delivered him the same note - my husband had given it to me in her presence; I was in and out of the shop when she brought it.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a city officer. I took the female prisoner to the Compter; she stated to me that she gave the 5 l. note to her husband, and that she found it against the door of the Long-room, Custom-House - and on the 18th, she told me she found it on Tuesday, about five o'clock in the afternoon, with two sovereigns, and a halfcrown. When I apprehended 
               Bryan
             M'Kenna, he pointed out the place in Petticoat-lane, where he said the note was found. I went next morning to Grubb's apartment, and found him in bed, at M'Kenna's house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am a City officer. I accompanied Mr. Golding and Mr. Peters. M'Kenna pointed out the place where he said he found the note - next morning we took Grubb, at No. 64, Wentworth-street, which is M'Kenna's house; as we went along Leadenhall-street, I asked Grubb where he found the note, he said in Thames-street, I said
"Upper or Lower" - he said
"Lower" - I asked him in what part; he said about the middle. On the 15th, the female prisoner said to me voluntarily that she gave her husband the 5 l. note to buy shoes, for herself and him; and that she found it in the Long-room.


                  CHARLES 
                  LUXMORE
               



            . I am porter at the Custom-House, and have been so since it was built. Miss 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  King
               



             Kelly is the house-keeper; she sleeps in the house, and has fourteen female servants, who all sleep there, and a man servant besides. The female prisoner was her servant; she came in September, 1822.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITMORE
               



            , ESQ. I am principal clerk in the secretaries office, Custom-House - It belongs to the Crown; part of it is in the parish of St. Dunstan, in the East - The whole of the Long-room is in that parish I believe.
ELEANOR M'KENNA. I have to say that the men are perfectly innocent of any guilt attached to the crime; and I wish to ask the prosecutor if he is in the habit of trusting his keys to any person besides himself.
MR. PETERS. I never trust them with any body.
BRYAN M'KENNA. My wife being the principal, I forbear saying anything.
GRUBB'S Defence. I trust this will have considerable weight on my part; I was requested by M'Kenna to get change; had I the least idea of the note being stolen, it is not likely I should go to the Bank; and having an hour given me to call again, my returning proves I knew nothing of the transaction. I examined the note and saw it was good; as to the prevarication, knowing it was good, I only used those words to get it changed.
E. M'KENNA - 

               GUILTY
             - 



               DEATH
            . Aged 24.
BRYAN M'KENNA - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
GRUBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
