





149. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     MACKEROY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, and the sum of 6 1/2d. in copper monies, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Hague
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HAGUE
               



            . I am a cutler
. About half-past two o'clock in the morning of the 23d of November, the prisoner overtook me in Holborn


, and tapped me on the shoulder - (I had been to the Theatre with some friends, and from thence we went and had a pot of ale; we then went to an alamode-beef shop, and staid there till they came to tell us to go) - the prisoner asked me if I would see her home - I said I did not mind; I have no wife; we went together about twenty yards, and I found her hand in my waistcoat-pocket, where I had five penny-pieces; I took hold of her hand, and she had got the money out; I asked her for it back, she would not give it me - I then put my hand to my trousers-pocket and missed a half-crown, two shillings, and a sixpence; it was all safe not two minutes before - no one else was near me; I said if she did not give it me back I would call the watch - she gave me some sauce, and said she had nothing belonging to me; the watchman came out, and I gave her in charge for picking my pocket of five penny-pieces, one half-crown, two shillings, and one sixpence - she dropped the five penny-pieces; the watchman took one shilling from her mouth.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Were you quite sober? A. Yes; we had one pot of ale, and two glasses of gin and water, after leaving the Theatre; and one glass of gin after supper between four of us - I had no more than my share of that; I suppose we staid at the alamode-beef shop till about one o'clock - we had been in a public-house in Red Lion-passage; I was with the prisoner from the time she dropped the penny-pieces till she was searched.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SHINE
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner, and went up and asked what they were doing there - it was a few yards from Feathers-court - they seemed to be arguing aloud; when I spoke to them the prosecutor gave charge of the prisoner for robbing him - I took her; she dropped five penny-pieces, which I picked up; we thought she had something in her mouth - I put my hand to her throat and she dropped the shilling out of her mouth; I then took her to the watch-house - she had a good way to walk, and I there saw the half-crown taken from her bosom.
Cross-examined. Q. What did you find on her altogether? A. I found nothing on her - she dropped the shilling into my hand, and the watch-house-keeper found the half-crown in her bosom; the prosecutor did not say how much he had lost till he got to the watch-house - I will not be certain whether it was before or after the prisoner was searched, that he said he had been robbed - we had trouble enough in taking her to the watch-house- she kicked, and bit, and struck every person that came near her; she appeared very drunk, the prosecutor appeared perfectly sober; to the best of my belief he did not see me before I spoke to them.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . I was beadle of the night - the prisoner was brought in, and I asked the prosecutor what he was robbed of - he told me; I found this half-crown, this shilling, and this halfpenny, in the prisoner's bosom, and a dirty cap; the prosecutor gave me this farthing, and said he picked it up.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search her pockets? A. I shook them outside - I did not take them off; the prosecutor said what he had lost before she was searchedhere is all he said he had lost within sixpence and one halfpenny.
Prisoner's Defence. I should not know the man if I saw him; I was locked up in the watch-house till morning, and did not know what I was there for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
