





1681. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, two gowns, value 5 s.; four petticoats, value 6 s.; two aprons, value 1 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; three shifts, value 3 s.; a shawl, value 1 s.; four caps, value 1 s.; a pair of stockings, value 1 s.; a pair of shoes, value 2 s.; a pair of stays, value 1 s.; a bible, value 2 s., and a bonnet, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Holindon
                     



                  , widow
; and a shawl, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Brown
               



            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MATHEWS
               



            . I am door-keeper of the Guardian asylum, Back-lane, Cannon-street-road


. The prisoner, with another person, named 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Hooker
               



            , left the Asylum a little after seven o'clock on the evening of the 19th of September; about six o'clock next morning I missed two bundles of linen from the mangling-room, which I had seen safe about five o'clock the evening before; they were the property of Catherine Holindon and Mary Ann Brown.
MARY ANN BROWN. I was at the Guardian Asylum on the 19th of September; the prisoner was going that night. I missed my shawl next morning. I did not see her again till about a fortnight ago, when she was in custody; she had my shawl on.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILES
               



            . I live with Mr. Russel, a pawnbroker. I produce a gown and two petticoats, which I think were pledged by the prisoner, in the name of Ann Wood.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I buy and sell books. I bought this bible of a young woman, and to the best of my belief the prisoner was with her.


                  JAMES 
                  WAYLING
               



            . I belong to the Thames Police. I took the prisoner, and found this shawl on her neck, which Brown claimed. I asked the prisoner what had become of the rest of the property, and told her she need not answer unless she thought proper. She said a gown and two petticoats were pawned in the Commercial-road, and the bible was sold near St. Giles's church.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES JONES
               



            . I am an officer. I received some duplicates from the matron of the Guardian Society, and found this shift at a pawnbroker's in Tooley-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am innocent of the crime of pawning this gown and petticoat - Sarah Hooker took them, and staid some time, and I was going into the shop, when she came out with 7 s. in her hand, and a duplicate, which she put into her pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
