





503. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, two bags, value 2 s. 10 d.; four pecks of peas, value 10 s.; a peck of beans, value 2 s. 6 d.; 4 ozs. of onion seed, value 1 s.; 4 ozs. of carrot seed, value 6 d.; 4 ozs. of leak seed, value 1 s., and two quarts of radish seed, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fair
                  




               
            , and others, his partners.


                  JOHN 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am a seedsman
, and live in Blackman-street, Borough. On the 28th of February, I sent the cart into the City with these seeds. Field, my carman, drove.


                  JAMES 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. Fair and Co. On the 28th of February, I had these seeds in the cart. We delivered bags of seeds at different inns. I went down the yard of the White Horse, Cripplegate


, leaving the horse and cart standing there. Every thing was safe when I took the book out of the cart to take there. I returned in five minutes and met the prisoner carrying a bag on his shoulder, and a good many more with him. I turned back and saw that it was my master's; they took him and the bag into the booking office. I know it to be my master's.


                  JAMES 
                  DOLLMAN
               



            . I am porter at the White Horse, Cripplegate. I saw the cart at the gate. A woman came down the yard; in consequence of what she said, I ran to the cart, and saw the prisoner down London-wall, about thirty yards from the cart, with a bag, running. I stopped him, and he threw the bag down on my feet; I picked it up, and another man caught him in my sight.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live in Bunhill-row, and was coming up Cripplegate-buildings, and saw a man take the bag out of the cart, and give it to another, who put it on the prisoner's shoulder, and told him to run. I pursued him down London-wall, and saw him throw it down, he was secured.


                  ANN 
                  BUTCHER
               



            . I am sister to Davis, and was with her. I saw four or five men round the cart, and looked up the gateway, the others stood on the opposite side, and a third walked round the cart; a tall man let down the cart tail, and took out a bag, and gave it to another man, who put it on the prisoner's shoulder. I am certain of him. I saw him turn the corner of London-wall. I gave information; he was brought back in a few minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I laid hold of the prisoner as I came out of Currier's-hall; he was running, and two women and two men were following him. He threw the bag down, and I stopped him.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMKIN
               



            . The prisoner was delivered to me with the bag; it was directed to Coventry.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
