





309. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HICKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BLEWETT MEAD
               



            . I am a farmer, and live in Essex. The prisoner was clerk to Mr. Hopkins, the vestry-clerk of St. Dunstan in the West
, whom I have been in the habit of paying money to for sixteen years, for a person in the country. On the 30th of August, 1825, I paid the prisoner, at Mr. Hopkins' office, in Fetter-lane, 17l. 10s. - I am sure I paid him two sovereigns, but will not be certain that it was all in gold - it was on account of Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hosler
               



            , for money due to the parish - he gave me this receipt, which I saw him write - (read.) About the 3d or 4th of December last I had a letter from Mr. Hopkins, to get the three last receipts of Mr. Hosler's rent, which I did.
MR. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOPKINS
                  




               
            . I am vestry-clerk of St. Dunstan's
. The prisoner was in my employ, and was bound to account to me for all money he received. I have never received this 17l. 10s. from him; I inquired of the tenant why it was not paid, and after hearing from him the prisoner acknowledged to me that he had received it, but never till it was discovered; it was his duty to pay it to me the day he received it; he kept the books, and there is no entry of this having been paid - he was the nephew of the late vestry-clerk.
Prisoner. I trust to your mercy, and leave myself entirely in your hands.
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               The prisoner received a good character, and was recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
