






582. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIES
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DAVIES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 2 profiles, each in a frame, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Martin
                     



                  ; 9 other profiles, each in a frame, value 22s. 6d., and 1 bag, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fowler
                     



                  ; 1 pair of stays, value 12s., and 1 cap, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Eastman
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        James 
                        Eastman
                     



.
JAMES EASTMAN. I live with my father, who is a leather-dresser
, and lives in Dover-road; his name is Henry; my uncle's name is John Fowler; I am twelve years of age. On the 1st of February my uncle sent me with a parcel, in a blue bag, to Goswell-street; it contained eleven black profiles, which my aunt does, a pair of stays, a cap, a bit of ribbon, and three letters. When I got to Cannon-street, Charles Davies came and asked where I was going; I told him to Mr. Stanbridge, the cooper, inGoswell-street; I asked him where he was going; he said to Clement's-lane; and when we got there, he crossed over, and I think he went down Clement's-lane; I had not seen William Davies at that time - but when I got to the top of Cannon-street, and was going down Walbrook


, he came to me, and asked whether I was going to Mr. Stan-bridge, in Goswell-street - I said "Yes;" he said he was going there too, opposite the Roebuck public-house, and we need not both go - and I was to go home, and say, Mr. Simmonds wanted to see my uncle - he sent me back, and said he would take the bag, which he did - I did not see Charles Davies at that time; I saw the bag again before the Magistrate.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I produce this property. On Thursday, the 1st of February, about three o'clock, I saw the two prisoners coming up towards Fish-street-hill, in company together; and I saw them accost two or three different lads; and at last Charles Davies accosted the witness, and accompanied him down Cannon-street; I then saw him go and speak to William Davies; I went on, and saw William Davies go up to the witness; they spoke together; and I saw him take the bag from him; the other prisoner passed by at the time; and I saw the two prisoners go on together to Bucklersbury, where I took them, and took the same bag from William Davies - it contained this property.


                  MARY 
                  MARTIN
               



            . My brother's name is John Fowler; Henry Eastman is my sister's husband. These profiles and stays are mine; I had sent them by James Eastman to Mr. Stanbridge, in Goswell-street.
WILLIAM DAVIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
CHARLES DAVIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners, which was not tried.
