







1043. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               




            , 
               
                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, 1 cap, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Tyer
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. I was with my brother in Rosemary lane on the 27th of February; I saw Johnson and Smith together; and Evans soon after joined them; they attempted several shops in Rosemary-lane; they went to a coppersmith, and two of them tried to lift up a copper from there, while the other looked in at the window; they were there about half an hour, when they left and went down the Commercial-road


, and Johnson and Smith went into a shoemaker's shop, and looked at some shoes, but there were several persons there, and they came out again; they then went to Mr. Tyers, - Johnson and Smith went in; Jones remained outside, as he had done before; they staid there a little while, came out, and crossed the road; I and my brother took them, and found this cap in Johnson's hat; he said his mistress, who kept a shop in Whitechapel, had sent him to Limehouse for it.


                  JOHN 
                  FOGG
               



            . I was with my brother, and confirm his statement - the prisoners were all in company together.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  TYER
               



            . I am wife of James Tyer. On the 27th of February I came into the shop; my sister said, some suspicious characters had been there; I then looked and missed this cap, which the officers brought in with the prisoner.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SMITH 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
