






868. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  DUMPHY
               



             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  HULL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 chain, value 1s. 6d.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 2 keys, value 6s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; and 1 crown piece, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN THOMPSON. I keep a boarding-house
 for sailors, at Limehouse. On the 5th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in High-street, Shadwell


, and was intoxicated; I saw two women walking very close after me - I went into a public-house, to take a glass of spirits, and one of the women said to the other."You go on;" the other followed me into the house - I saw her at the bar, and when I came out she followed; the female prisoner looks very much like her; but I will not swear to her. I had a glass of gin at the bar; I walked on a little way, she followed me and ran past me, as if somebody was running after her - I had no suspicion of her; when I went into the public-house I am certain I had my watch in my fob; a handkerchief in my pocket; my umbrella in my hand; and nine or ten shillings in my trousers' pocket, there was a crown piece among it. I walked on a little further, and was tripped up or slipped down; but believe I was tripped up - I fell right into the middle of the road the male prisoner directly picked me up. I cannot be positive whether I had my property safe then; he said,"Where are you going, you are in liquor; I will take you home; where do you live?" I told him where I lived. I did not see the female with him - he said, "You had better go into the public-house to wash yourself;" he took me to the Ship and Black Horse. I washed myself - I took my handkerchief out of my pocket and wiped myself; it was safe then, and I am certain I put it into my pocket - he called for rum and water, and gave me more drink; he paid for it; he took me out of the public-house and said he would see me home - I walked a little way, and then I thought I could see myself home; but he said, No; he would go with me to my own door - the Black Horse is about a quarter of an hour's walk from my house. I lost my senses after I walked a little further, and do not know what happened after that. I cannot tell what he did with me - this was on Saturday, and on the Wednesday evening following, the officer came to my house, and brought my watch. Dumphy was then in custody, but not Hull; he was taken last Sunday. I saw him that evening in the watch-house; he was sitting down with several persons. I was not certain of him then, for he was so disfigured in his dress, and I did not take particular notice; but when I saw him at the Thames Police-office, I knew him directly - but he had a handkerchief tied round his head at the watch-house; my watch, with the seal and key, were produced at the office.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You did not know him at the watch-house, because his dress was disguised? A. I swear to his features; but at the watch-house he had a handkerchief tied round his head, which altered his appearance - he was sitting down with others, and I did not much notice him.
Q. You were pretty far gone when the woman followed you into the public-house? A. I had my recollection about me. I know the same woman followed me out, but will not swear it was the prisoner: she looks like the person. I had my property when I went into the house, I am certain; but whether I lost it before or after I was tripped up. I cannot say; but the handkerchief was safe after that. I do not know whether I slipped down, or was tripped up. I found myself at home - I laid abed all day on Sunday; a man, who lived in the house, had taken me home.


                  JOHN 
                  TRUSS
               



            . I am a costermonger, and live in Bluecoat-fields. On Saturday evening, about half-past seven o'clock, I was standing in High-street, Shadwell, with my cart, and saw the male prisoner with the prosecutor, who appeared very much in liquor - this was before he got to the Black Horse; I did not see them go in there - he was unable to walk, the prisoner had hold of his arm, to keep him up - the prisoner appeared sober; I lost sight of them by Shadwell-church. I did not see the woman at all.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIAM GREEN
               



            . I keep the Black Horse. The prosecutor came to my house, about a quarter-past eight o'clock, with a tall stout man. I will not undertake to say it was the prisoner; the prosecutor was covered with mud - he did not appear very tipsy; the man said, "Will you have the kindness to give my friend some water, for he has tumbled down;" he had the water - I left them immediately, and saw no more - I was absent for three or four minutes, and on my return he was gone; there was no women with them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the tall man appear to be acting kindly towards him? A. He appeared so.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am watchman of Shadwell. Last Tuesday week I went about a case of felony being committed in the house Dumphy lives in; and on Sunday, Hull came down the street, and I had him taken - he had a hat on, but nothing else about his head; I staid in the watch-house for a quarter of an hour, he had nohandkerchief about his head then; he was in bed with Dumphy, when I went to her lodging.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABEY
               



            . I am a Thames Police constable. I apprehended the female prisoner on the Sunday afternoon after the robbery. I had been to the house before, on that day, and then saw this watch on the mantelpiece; and in consequence of what I heard afterwards, I went back, and brought it away, there was a bed in the room - the prosecutor described the watch, and gave the number before he saw it - it has two keys, a seal, and ring to it - when I returned to the house, the watch had been moved; I asked her for it, and she gave it to me directly - she appeared to take it from the table behind her.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am a constable of Shadwell. I apprehended the male prisoner, and told him it was for stealing a watch; he said he knew nothing about it, and should like to knock my bl - y head off. I had done nothing to offend him - I found some cups and balls on him, which, he told the Magistrate, he got his living by.
HULL'S Defence. I know nothing of the woman, and never was in the same room with her. I know nothing of the robbery.
HULL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Life
            .
DUMPHY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
