





339. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BURNHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 5lbs. weight of horse-hair, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ephraim 
                  Ware
               




            .


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of December I met the prisoner, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the morning, in the Edgware-road - he was about twenty-four miles from the prosecutor's - he lives at Bovington, in Hertfordshire


; I asked the prisoner what he had got in his basket - he said horse-hair; I said "That is right, I have been looking for horse-hair a good while;" I took it down from his head, and found this horse-hair tied up in bunches, but not tied up with string as it is now; I said "Have you been cutting this off yourself?" he said No, he had not; I said "How do you account for having it in your possession?" he said he bought it of a man at Missenden; I then searched his pockets, and asked if he had not got a knife about him - he said No; I found no knife, in his pockets, but I took off his hat, and found this knife, and a pair of gloves in it; I said "Do you know the man you bought it of?" - he said "No, I do not know him- I never saw him in my life;" I said "Are you sure you bought it Missenden?" - he said "no, it was between Missenden and Aylesbury;" I said "At what time" - he said "About four o'clock this morning;" I said "That is impossible - you could not have come that distance in this time:" he said he gave 4s. for it altogether: I got three hundred hand-bills printed, and did every thing in my power till I found the prosecutor.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARE
               



            . I am the son of Ephraim Ware: he lives in Hertfordshire, about twenty-four miles from London. On the 28th of December, my father's horses were all safe in the stable, with their tails on; and at four o'clock the next morning, I missed all the hair off four horses; I have matched it to the horses, and can swear to this bunch in particular, and the other I believe are my father's; I know nothing of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I told Mr. 
               Webster
             I bought it at four o'clock in the afternoon; I bought it it between Aylesbury and Great Missenden, and gave 4s. for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
