







1391. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WELCH
               



            , 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  WHITE
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARKE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Bustard
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BUSTARD
               



            . I am the wife of John Bustard - we keep a green shop
 in West-street


. On the 13th of June these two shillings, and two sixpences, were in a glass behind the counter. I went next door on an errand, about two o'clock; a person called me - I went, and found White in the shop; he asked how many gooseberries I sold for a halfpenny; I showed him a mug, and he said he ought to have a pint; I told him to go away, and he went - I had not seen the other prisoners; I missed my money directly; in a short time a boy gave me information; I saw Clarke over the way, and ran and collared him - I brought him into the shop; he said, "What are you going to do with me?" I said I should send for an officer; he said, "What for? I have met a little boy, and he gave me 3s. to return you;" and he gave me 3s. in copper; I then sent him about his business, and in about twenty minutes Welch came and asked why I had taken his money from the boy Clarke; I said it was not his; he used very bad expressions, and said he would have it out of me; I fetched an officer, and he was taken and while I was gone White was taken.


                  HANNAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. I was at my mother's, which is opposite Bustard's, and could see all through her shop - I saw White and Clarke come up the street, with another, who I think is Welch - I saw all three in conversation. I went away, and when I came back I saw White go into the shop, go behind the counter, and take the money out of the glass - Clarke and the other went away, leaving him in the shop- I saw no more of them; when Clarke brought back the money, I said to him, "Where is the boy who took it?" he said "I met him in Smithfield, and he gave it me to bring back; how much is it;" Mrs. Bustard said 3s.; he said, "No, half-a-crown;" she said it was 3s., and he gave her three shillings in copper, and I saw him with about 30s. in silver; shortly after that Welch came, and said, "I want the money you have taken from the boy;" I told her to give him into custody - he told me to hold my check, for I had nothing to do with it; I pushed them both into the shop while she fetched an officer; White was brought to the shop - I said, "Take him in, that is the boy who took the money;" I asked Clarke what he had done with the silver which he had - he said it was only buttons.


                  GEORGE 
                  HANNINGTON
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner in charge; I found 1s. 3d. in copper on Welch, but neither money nor buttons on Clarke.
WELCH'S Defence. I saw Clarke with 3s. - he said he was going to buy a pair of shoes - he came back and said the woman had taken it away - I went and told her it was a shame.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WELCH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CLARKE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
