





1564. 
               
                  JULIA 
                  MULLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, a half-sovereign, and a shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        David 
                        Hay
                     




                  , from his person
            .
DAVID HAY. I am a harness-maker
, and work for Mr. Parry, of Moorfields. On the 9th of July, about twelve o'clock at night, I was in Houndsditch


 - I was quite sober, and was going home; the prisoner spoke to me, took hold of my hand, and pulled me quite round - she asked where I was going; I said I was going home: she asked me to go with her, but I would not - she then put her hand into my pocket, and took it out again; I saw her put something into her other hand; which I took hold of, and felt my pocket with my other hand - I missed a half-sovereign and a shilling. I called the watchman, and as she was going to the watch-house she dropped the half-sovereign upon the flags; a young man picked it up; she dropped the shilling a little further on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was on my way home, and heard the prosecutor call the watchman - he gave charge of the prisoner for having robbed him of 11 s. - the watchman took her by the wrist, and she dropped the half-sovereign; I picked it up - she dropped the shilling soon after, which the prosecutor picked up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOOBY
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in Houndsditch. The prosecutor called me, and said he was robbed of a half-sovereign and a shilling - I took hold of the prisoner's hand, and led her a few paces. I saw her hand fall, and the half-sovereign fell, and the shilling soon afterwards - I have no doubt that she dropped them.
Prisoner. They are swearing my life away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
