





482. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  MEARS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 28 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., belonging to 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Ford
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
2d COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a certain building of his.
JOSEPH FORD. I live in Bowling Green-lane, Clerkenwell


. The lead was stolen from a shed adjoining the house - I locked up the premises between four and five o'clock on the evening of the 20th of December - it was all safe then. A little before six o'clock that evening I heard a noise on the tiles - I went out backwards, and saw two persons on the top of the gutter of the shed, which is covered with lead; I went into the shed; they were still outside, and as I went in a piece of lead fell nearly on me - one of them then came down, and made towards the gate of the yard. I went into the street, and just as I got to the gate I met the prisoner going out: he dropped the lead and his hat: I took him into custody. The lead he had with him weighed about 28 lbs.; it was the same piece as had nearly fallen on me. I put him into William Smith's hands while I fastened the gate - we then went to Hatton-garden. When I came back the gate was opened again, and we suppose the other had escaped. I had seen him some time before, lurking about the premises.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep a coal-shed near Mr. Ford's; he gave me the prisoner to hold while he got a constable. The prisoner asked me to let him go and get his hat - I took him to a constable, then went back, and found the lead and the bat close by the gate. I went and found a knife on the top of the building; it appeared to have been cutting lead. The lead appeared as if fresh cut. Next morning I went with the officer to compare it with that on the roof; it appeared exactly to correspond. I took a piece off the top of the building, and carried it to the office.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge. I took the lead down, and compared it with that on the top of the building - it exactly corresponded.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the yard, and thought it was a dust yard - the prosecutor said I had come to rob him of the lead, but I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
