





1206. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, four sheets, value 8 s.; six pair of stockings, value 6 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; a shawl, value 18 d.; a waistcoat, value 2 s.; a pair of boots, value 3 s., and a frock, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mason
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a watchman
. On Saturday morning, the 5th of July, I was on duty in Sloane-street, Chelsea, and on entering my room, about twenty minutes past five o'clock, I found a dirty shirt, a handkerchief, and an old pair of shoes on the floor, and went to the prisoner's mother - these things belong to him.


                  LUCY 
                  MASON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife - we live in College-street, Chelsea. On Saturday, the 5th of July, about six o'clock in the morning, I missed all the linen off the horse, which I had ironed the night before. The prisoner had lodged with us, and came again that night; he slept in the parlour, and was gone when I got up.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was he in liquor the night before - A. I do not think he was - he left his old things behind.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . On the 5th of July, about a quarter past six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Dartmouth-street, Westminster, with these things in a bundle; he walked into Great Queen-street, and there I stopped him; he said he had a shirt, a pair of stockings, and a handkerchief; and I found he had several more things, and took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated, and do not know whether I had a bundle or not. I brought this one out, thinking it mine, but when I came to my senses, I found I had it, and was going to take it back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
