








774. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  HUGHES
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYNES
               



            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SPOOR
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 17lbs. weight of ostrich-featers, value 43l.; 5lbs. weight of nutmegs, value 22s., and 29lbs. weight of sugar, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Brookman
                     




                   and others, his partners, from a vessel in the port of London
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  COOKE
               



            . I am foreman of the warehouse No. 2, at the London Docks


. I delivered some cases, which were numbered 1, 2, and 3, from that warehouse, on board the Lord Exmouth, on the 8th of February - they were unpacked and repacked in my presence - No. 1, contained 510 bundles; No. 2, 380; and No. 3, 486 - I took the note of them at the time - they were all replaced in the cases in my presence - I saw the packages again in the Searcher's office, about eight or ten days after they had been put on board the Lord Exmouth - one of them was then broken at the corner; but I cannot tell which.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. When were they unpacked and repacked? A. I think about five or six days prior to their being shipped, quite the end of January or beginning of February - I put down the number of packages in this book - I speak from my recollection and from the book - I counted the number of bundles in one of the cases, but I cannot tell which, I think it was No. 2; the others were counted by one of the men in my presence - I stood over them very circumspectly to see what they were - none of the bundles were opened - they were tied round with string at the quill end of the feathers - I could see what they were - No. 3, contained 486 bundles; I have been in the docks seventeen or eighteen years - I do not know that there is any smuggling going on there - I do not know that sailors get feathers themselves to sell in England.
MR. LAW. Q. If I rightly understand you, you say you saw them counted, or counted them yourself, and this is the memorandum? A. Yes; I am not aware that sailors are in the habit of making these purchases.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NETTLESHIP
               



            . I am warehouseman to 
               
                  David 
                  Martineau
               



             and Co., they are sugar-refiners. On the 12th of January I packed some sugars, which I sent to the London Docks - there were fifteen hogsheads marked M, numbered from 1 to 15 - they were to go by the Lord Exmouth - I took a memorandum of the number of loaves in each hogshead - I have seen a hogshead, marked No. 5, in the possession of Fowler, the Custom-house officer - it was one of them I had sent to the docks - Mr. Fowler produced a sample of sugar, which corresponded exactly with that which I had packed in No. 5.
COURT. Q. Were there different sorts of sugars in the hogsheads? A. No; it was all one sort, double-refined sugar.


                  GEORGE 
                  LONG
               



            . I am foreman of the warehouse No. 4, at the London-docks. In November last seven cases of nutmegs were landed - I took the weight of them - No. 1, weighed 2 cwt. 3 qrs. 21lbs. - it was in good condition and was shipped on board the Lord Exmouth on the 8th of February - I have seen that case since in the possession of Mr. Fowler.


                  GEORGE 
                  DURCH
               



            . I am mate of the Lord Exmouth. These cases were received on board that ship - they were then in a perfect state - one of the hogsheads of sugar, three cases of ostrich feathers, and one of the cases of nutmegs, were afterwards taken out by the Custom-house officer - they appeared to have sustained some injury, to be broken and deficient - the prisoners, Hughes and Spoor, were sailors on board that vessel - Hughes joined the ship on the 8th of February - and the 13th of February was the last day of our receiving these things - Spoor was cabinboy - Haynes was employed as cook, and to do different jobs on board - on the 16th of February, I saw Hughes in a particular situation on board the vessel, and asked him what he had got in his hand - he said some sugar which he got from the Naples packet - the packages had been in the middle of the vessel, and Hughes was coming from the fore-part of the ship.
Cross-examined. Q. You were satisfied with that account, that he got it from the Naples packet? A. Yes: he had been with us three years - I believed him to be a perfectly honest man - we had made some voyages to the Mediterranean and to places where they get feathers - I never made any purchases myself on a venture, nor never heard it was common for seamen to do so.
Prisoner SPOOR. Q. Why did you let Hughes go down into the hold on Sunday? A. Because he said he wanted to look for a small bag of hair.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am one of the searchers of the Custom-house. On a Monday or Tuesday, but I cannot say what month - I saw three cases of ostrich feathers, one hogshead of sugar, and one case of nutmegs taken out of the Lord Exmouth; I took them into my care - there were two cases of nutmegs taken out; but one was returned, because it was sound - the case of feathers, No. 1, contained 498 bundles - No. 2, 315; and No. 3 was perfect; the case of nutmegs weighed 2cwt. 3qrs. 16lbs., which should have been 2cwt. 3qrs. 21lbs., 5lbs. deficient; the feathers were 171/4lbs. deficient; the hogshead of sugar was three loaves deficient in number, and 29lbs. deficient in weight; it had the appearance of having been broken, not being full; and that was the case with the nutmegs and feathers; I have some sugar, nutmegs, and feathers, which I brought from the hogsheads and the cases; I showed the sugar to Mr. Nettleship, the feathers to Mr. Alven, and the nutmegs to Mr. Long.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the feathers taken from the cases? A. Yes; from Nos. 1 and 2, but I do not know which came from the different cases.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am a Thames-police officer. In consequence of some communication from Captain Mills, of the Lord Exmouth, I took Hughes into custody at Captain Mills' apartments, in Burr-street, Aldgate; I did not make him any promise or threat - he said "Go and fetch the boy Jack, the man John, and the Custom-house officer," and he would then tell us all about it; I left him in custody of a headborough and went to the ship, but I could not find them there; I got information about a house in Mordent's-rents, Nightinale-lane; I went there and found the other two prisoners - I asked which was Jack, and Spoor said he was; I said the ship had been robbed of some feathers - they both denied knowing any thing about it; I searched the house, and in a chest of drawers, which 
               
                  Emma 
                  Ratcliffe
               



             said was hers; I found 11/2lb. of nutmegs, and 1lb of fine loaf sugar; I asked Ratcliffe where she got the nutmegs - she said her husband brought them from the East Indies; Hughes was not there then, butHaynes and Spoor were; I put the sugar and nutmegs into a handkerchief, and took Spoor to Captain Mills; I took Captain Mills backwards, and asked him if he had any nutmegs and sugar in his cargo - he said he had - I sent Gaskin, another officer, to fetch Haynes - I took them both up stairs in the presence of Hughes; Hughes said to Spoor "Jack, it is those feathers you handed me up out of the forecastle;" Spoor denied it, and said he knew nothing at all about it - we took them all down to the Thames-police Office, and Hughes said he could point out the house where he sold the feathers, but he did not know the name of the street - the next day I went with Spoor on board the Lord Exmouth; I made him no promise or threat - all I said was there was no doubt the nutmegs came from the vessel as well as the feathers; he said "I did not take them - Bill took them," meaning Haynes; I asked him which was his box, he pointed it out to me, but he had not got the key and I forced it open; I found in it a 1/2lb. of nutmegs, and 2lbs. of fine loaf sugar; there was another box in the forecastle, and I asked if it was Haynes' - he said it was - Haynes had given me the key, and I opened it - I found there 2lbs. of fine loaf sugar chopped up in a cannister; I sent for Haynes and asked if that was his box; he said it was - I asked him where he got the sugar - he said Spoor gave it to him - Spoor made no reply to that- I was searching the forecastle and found several nutmegs near the box - I then found that one of the forecastle boards lifted up, so that any one could go into the hold; came on deck and asked Captain Mills to open the hatches, and I went down and saw a case containing nutmegs, the side of which had been broken out - I then saw a case which the Captain said contained Ostrich feathers; I found it was stove in at one end. apparently with a crow-bar, but the bag, in which the case was, had been done up again - it looked all perfect.
Cross-examined. Q. Was this a feather case? A. Yes; I did not take Haynes to the ship, but he gave me the key of his box - he said the other gave him the sugar, and he did not deny it; Hughes had some conversation with Captain Mills, which I did not hear; as we were going to the office he said he could point out the house; I asked him what he got for them - he said he did not know.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a Thames-police officer. On the 20th of February I was with Hughes in the Surveyor's room at the office - I asked how he got the feathers out of the dock - he said he saw a waggon come in, and he told the waggoner he would give him half-a-crown to lend his great coat, and take a bundle out of the dock for him - that he got the great coat and wrapped the bundle in it, and placed it in the waggon; he followed it as far as the Mint - he then took it to No. 92, Wood-street, Cheapside; I saw a person named Ball the same morning, who produced some feathers in Hughes' presence, which he said he bought of him on the Thursday before - they weighed 41/2lbs. Ball said, but who is to return me my money - I said I could say nothing about that - he said he gave 3l. 5s. for them, but Hughes said it was only three guineas - Ball then said "I believe that was the case;" I afterwards went to No. 21, Bath-street, Hackney - I brought away from there this bundle of feathers, weighing five ounces; and a little more than 1lb. of loaf fine sugar.
Cross-examined. Q. And so all this was told you that you might find out where they were? A. Yes; he did not tell me the feathers he took to Mr. Ball's were his own, nor any thing like it; I think it my duty to examine a prisoner who is brought under a charge of felony, when there was any property lost - I did not guard him in any way against telling me.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TRUDGET
               



            . I know the prisoner Hughes. On the 9th of February last I received from him a small parcel of sugar, and a bunch of feathers; I put them into my drawer. Lovell is my brother-in-law - he knew where I put them.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. About four months; I was told he last came from the Indies; he had not given me any thing before - he said he got these feathers from the ship in the London-docks, and I took them; I asked him if he could get feathers from the ship, and he said that each of his shipmates had a bunch given them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I am Trudgett's brother-in-law. I saw her put the sugar and feathers away - I gave the same sugar and feathers to Evans.


                  MATTHEW 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a feather-maker, and live at No. 6, London-wall. On the 16th of February Hughes came to my house, with a parcel of feathers in a pocket-handkerchief, which he opened out - there were twenty-one bundles, and I considered they would weigh about 6lbs. - he asked but 50s. for them - I said I thought he had come by them wrongfully, as I should think they were worth 30s. a pound, as they appeared very good, and remarkably clean.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you get that in the market for them now? A. I do not know, there has been a great fall, but I would give that for them.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ALVEN
               



            . I have been in the feather trade for fifteen years. I directed some cases of feathers to be shipped on board the Lord Exmouth, and received the bill of lading on the 8th of February. The feathers produced are exactly of the same description - I shipped them at 40s., which was the limit I received them at - I would have given from 35s. to 40s. for them in the market.
Cross-examined. Q. Why did you ship them? A. Because I could not get 40s. for them - the market was extremely dull, and it is now still worse; I do not affect to say these are the same, but they were of the same description as these - they are particularly clean picked. I offered them at from 46s. to 48s. in bond, but with the duty and expenses, they would have been nearly 60s.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHEPPERD
               



            . I shipped seven cases of nutmegs on board the Lord Exmouth, from No. 1 to 7, marked H. H. and Co., on the 13th of February, on account of Messrs. Stirren and Co. I have seen one of these cases since in the possession of Mr. Fowler; I have compared the nutmegs in that case with those produced - they appear to be the same sort, but those produced by the officer are rather darker, as if the powder had been rubbed off them - but they were as near the quality as possible. I have seen a great many nutmegs.
COURT. Q. Are these good sound nutmegs? A. Yes; there is a good deal of difference in nutmegs.


                  EMMA 
                  RATCLIFFE
               



            . I am the wife of James Ratcliffe. The nutmegs that were taken from the drawer in my room were given me by William Haynes - John Spoor gave me the sugar.
Cross-examined. Q. Why, I thought your husbandbrought you the nutmegs and sugar? A. Yes, I said so at first, when in confusion - my husband is gone to Rio Janeiro.


                  HENRY 
                  BROOKMAN
               



            . I am a part owner of the Lord Exmouth, at the London-dock - Edward Mills is the Captain, and is part owner.
Cross-examined. Q. Then these things were not in your possession, but in his, as Captain? A. Yes; as part owner of the ship I considered them in my possession - I had no interest in the cargo except the freight - the Captain had the care and possession of them.
Mr. LAW. Q. Were you answerable for them as well as others? A. Yes; I was, from time to time, in the ship as well as the Captain; I have paid the duty for all the deficiency, to Government, and I have bills of the different articles from the proprietors, who have applied to me.
HUGHES' Defence. The last voyage I made was in the Comet, from Constantinople and Smyrna; I had not an opportunity of taking these feathers out which I had brought with me, and I put them on board the Lord Exmouth; Spoor was the man who gave them to me out of the forecastle, but he did not know what was in the parcel. Trudgett says she received the feathers of me on the 9th of February, but these were not shipped till the 13th. The mate says, it is not a common thing for sailors to make a venture, but I have been various voyages and I know that it is a very common thing for them to do if they can get them on shore.
HAYNES' Defence. I did not know the feathers were on board the ship - we were cleaning out the forecastle and found the nutmegs lying about - I got them together.
SPOOR'S Defence. I gave up a parcel to Hughes, but I did not know what was in it.
Hughes put in a written defence, protesting his innocence, and denying any knowledge of the transaction.
HUGHES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HAYNES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SPOOR - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Strongly recommended to Mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor, who engaged to employ him
            .





               Fined 1s.
             and Discharged.
