





965. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HOPKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 50lbs. weight of cheese, value 3l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Beach
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  KLING
               



            . On the 2d of April, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I was in my back premises in Oxford-street, and heard two whistles - I opened our back gates and looked out - I saw the prisoner and another man in conversation, and saw a bag by the prisoner's side - this was about twenty yards from Mr. Beach's house - I stood still - the other man then left the prisoner and met a man who was coming down the mews, which my gates open into - that man lifted the bag on the prisoner's back - I followed them to No. 28, Parry's-court; they gave three knocks at the door - the prisoner was taken there in about an hour and a half, and the bag and cheese found in his room.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. You did not see the cheese brought from Beach's house? A. No.
CHARLES BEACH. I am an oilman, and deal in cheese
, and live in North Audley-street


. On the 2d of April, about half-past nine o'clock, I left the shop for half anhour - the Parmasan cheese was in its usual place - Kling came to me - I then looked and missed the cheese - there are 50lbs. - it cost me 18d. a pound.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was it? A. On a tonguetray at my door - mine is a corner house; it was not in a bag - I can swear to the cut of it, and it is eaten by rats in one place.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my father's, who is coachman to Mr. Hanbury - a gentleman came and and asked me to carry the parcel, which I did - I did not know what was in it; the man asked if he could leave it at my room till Monday, as he was going into Surrey.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
