






780. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STURDY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 5 shirts, value 10s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 1 sheet, value 3s., and 3 frocks, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Spooner 
                     Fitt
                  




               
            .


                  SPOONER 
                  FITT
               



            . I live in Hammerton-street, Paddington-green


. On the 11th of March my neighbours told me their yards had been stripped - I went to look at mine, and missed seven shirts, one sheet, four children's frocks, and other articles; I think three of my neighbours places had been robbed; I did not know the prisoners before; they were taken up about twelve o'clock the next night.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What sort of a day was it? A. I know there was a shower - I know the sun shone.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper of Paddington, and live just opposite the watch-house. I heard of this robbery about half-past seven o'clock, and then saw the prisoners passing very hastily by with each a bundle, which appeared to me to be linen; Williams resembled a young man against whom I had a warrant, and priI sent two officers after them, but they were not taken; on the following evening, a few minutes before twelve o'clock, I took up Sturdy; when they passed, Williams had a blue frock-coat on, and Sturdy a drab frock-coat - and there was left on the fence of Mr. Hogg's garden this piece of a coat, which I produce; it is exactly similar to the one Sturdy had on - but when I took him he had a dark coloured coat on; I took off Sturdy's shoes, and said,"Are these the shoes you had on when you were there?" or something to that effect; he said they must be, for he had no others; I went to the place where some persons had got over the wall, and these shoes exactly fitted several footmarks that were there; there appeared to be the footsteps of two other persons or more - but these I traced across some tulip beds, and other soft ground, to where the persons had got over; a piece of the paling was broken down in getting over; I went with Stowell to apprehend Williams - Stowell ordered him to pull off his shoes - we went and fitted them to a number of marks.
Cross-examined Q. Are they right and left shoes? A. No; this one has been worn on the left foot - it is a common size; Sturdy kept out of the way till the second day; I think there had been no rain at that time; the shoes were quite dry; 
               
                  William 
                  Hopkins
               



             is the young man I mistook Williams for; I did not stop the bundle at first - it was in a shawl handkerchief, and appeared like linen, but it was wrapped up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY PIDGEON
               



            . I live at Pell-street, Mary-le-bone, about half a mile from Mr. Fitt's. On the Thursday morning, about eight o'clock, or a little before, I saw the two prisoners pass my father's door with two bundles -I had often seen them pass; I heard the words "wet linen;" the arms of a shirt hung out of one of the bundles.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it a shawl? A. It was like a blue pocket-handkerchief; they were small bundles; I was not taken out of the Police-office to be spoken to by any one; I had often seen the prisoners about the door - their bundles were about the size that one person could carry; it was rather a dull morning; I do not believe there was any rain on that or the next day.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer of Mary-le-bone. I went and saw the ground; I went to the back of Williams' house, took these shoes off his feet and matched them with the marks on the ground - here are three or four nails on this side which were marked exactly; there is a mark where his toe slipped on the rails, and a mark where these nails scraped the mud in jumping over the wall; Williams said he might as well he transported for this as for any other offence.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he might as well be transported for any other offence as this? A. I think his words were, "I may as well be transported for this as for any other offence;" I will not swear it; his house is not far from the prosecutor's - the two gardens go towards each other; he might have gone towards his own house, and I think he did; there was a poor woman there who went into fits, and said something which I do not think right to repeat here; I searched his house and Sturdy's, but did not find any property belonging to the prosecutor.


                  JAMES 
                  HOGG
               



            . I have some premises near the prosecutor's - I found this piece of cloth on the fence of my garden near where two houses are building.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
STURDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
