





1868. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEALE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 1 bed, value 3l. 10s.; 1 bolster, value 10s., and 2 pillows, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Timothy
               




            .
Mr. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JANE 
                  TIMOTHY
               



            . I am the wife of David Timothy - we live in Barbican. On the 17th of October the prisoner came and bought a bed and bolster, which came to 4l. 10s. - she gave her name, "Mrs. Neale, 7, New-street, Clothfair;" she told me to send them there, and they should be paid for on delivery, or returned; she said she was going home to dinner, and I was to send it at two o'clock.
Prisoner. Q. Was it not ten o'clock when I called? - A. It was exactly eleven; I asked her for a deposit; she said she was in a hurry, but if it was not approved of she would either return the money or the bed.


                  DAVID 
                  TIMOTHY
               



            . I manage the business for my brother, Evan Timothy. I packed up this bed, bolster, and two pillows, and delivered them to Mears, at a quarter to two o'clock, to take to No. 7, New-street, Cloth-fair, with positive orders not to leave them without the money; I gave him a plain stamp to write a receipt; he returned without the goods or money. I went that afternoon with an officer, to No. 7, New-street, but could not find them; I found they had been pledged in Aldersgate-street, at four o'clock that day.


                  JOSIAH 
                  MEARS
               



            . This bed was given to me with orders not to leave it without the money - I found the prisoner at No. 7, New-street, a few minutes after two o'clock - she was called down to me - she called Williams from his work to carry the bed up-stairs, because my shoes would dirt the house - I expected to have the money, or I should not have let him had it - the prisoner came down and went into the back-room saying she was going to wash her hands - she came to the door with her bounet on, and said, "If you will go with me to St. John-street, I will pay you:" I went, believing what she said - she took me to a house in a court, in St. John-street, and told me to sit down - she sent a young woman out for some beer, which she poured out - the young woman said she had just had some tea - she then gave it to me, and I drank twice - she said she could not pay me then, but would give me her husband's direction, that he was Mr. Neale, a varnish-maker, Maiden-lane, Battle-bridge; I believed all this, and went to Mr. Neale, but did not get the money - I returned to New-street, but she and the bed were gone - I should not have parted with it, if I had not believed she was going to pay me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am shopman to my father, who is a pawnbroker, in Aldersgate-street. On the 17th of October, about three o'clock in the afternoon, this bed, bolster, and pillows, were pawned by a woman, whom I believe to be the prisoner, in the name of Ann Lee, a lodger at No. 7. Long-lane - she wanted 3l. - I lent her two guineas - a man carried it in, and left the shop directly.


                  JANE 
                  TIMOTHY
               



            . She said nothing to me about her husband - she gave her direction No. 7, New-street - she said she had taken in lodgers, and it was for them.


                  HUGH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On the 16th of October the prisoner took some rooms, at my house, No. 7, New-street, Clothfair; they were unfornished, at 4s. 3d. per week - she was to come in the next day - she called about nine o'clock in the morning, and said she expected a bed there, about eleven o'clock, and I was to assist in taking it in - she went out - returned about eleven o'clock, and went out again - she said she would return by one, and said if the bed was not come, it would be there at two o'clock; she returned at one, and while she was at dinner the man brought it she asked me to carry it up-stairs, as the man's feet weredirty, and I did so - she asked me to let him remain in the passage while she washed her hands, and they went away together; she returned in forty minutes, and said she wanted to put the bed at the pawnbroker's for a day or two, as she had another coming that night with the rest of her goods; she asked me to take it to the nearest pawnbroker; I thought nothing of it, and we went to Adalns' and I left it there; the man afterwards called about it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner in her defence entered into a long dispute which had caused a separation between her and her husband, whom she stated to have had 1900l. with her, and she had bought this with a view of making him pay for it, as she could not get an allowance from him.
MRS. TIMOTHY. She never said a word about her husband to me - I saw him before the Alderman, and he desired me to prosecute her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
