





213. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  KIMMERLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 hat, value 2s.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 pencil, value 1d.; 2 half-crowns, and 21 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Stanley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ISAAC STANLEY. I am a sawyer
. On the 4th of November I was in Shoe-lane


, about half-past ten o'clock at night; I had been to look for a sawyer, to pay him 10s. - I had been to different places, and some people gave me some gin, which affected me; I sat on a step, and fell asleep; some person took my money, my shoes off my feet, my handkerchief off my neck, and my hat, while I was asleep - I am sure I had my shoes and every thing on when I sat down.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling half-past ten o'clock in Shoe-lane; Delaney called Watch! I went up - she said the prisoner was taking this man's jacket off; the prisoner immediately threatened Delaney, and said if she was a man he would knock her bl - y head off - she was holding him at the time; I said, "Come down to the watch-house;" we went there, and I took these shoes off the prisoner's feet - the prosecutor claimed them.


                  MARY 
                  DELANEY
               



            . I was going out on an errand, and saw the prosecutor sitting at a door, very tipsy; I saw the prisoner go up to him, and say, "If you will get up, I will see you home." I looked round presently, and saw he was trying to get his jacket off; I gave an alarm, and he was taken to the watch-house.


                  HENRY 
                  WAKE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house.(Shoes produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man came to me about six o'clock, and asked me to buy a pair of shoes for 3s. 6d. - I gave him 2s. 6d. for them, and put them on. I saw this man sitting at the door, and went to him to take him home- the woman came and asked if I knew him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
