





364. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 shirt, value 3s., and 1 pair of breeches, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Boyce
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOYCE
               



            . On the 26th of December the prisoner was drinking at my house with me; and while he was there I saw my wife put my shirt and breeches under the bed; and soon after he left, we missed them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BOYCE
               



            . I know this property to be my husband's - the prisoner came home with him on this evening, and I put the things under the bed - my husband afterwards went out, and I stepped over to my brother's, leaving the prisoner there - when I returned he was gone, and we missed them - I went with my brother, between nine and ten o'clock, and found the prisoner in a public-house with them under his arm - I took them from him- he attempted to hit me - I dropped them, and my brother picked them up, and gave them to me - I went out with them; the prisoner ran out after me, and cried Stop thief! and gave the watchman charge of me.


                  JOHN 
                  JUPP
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's brother, and am a brass-finisher. On Tuesday, the 26th of December, I was spending the day with my mother; and when we came home in the evening, Boyce came and tapped at our window - I let him in; we had some porter; he said he had bought a shirt and a pair of breeches for 1l.; his wife came soon after, and we had some beer and spirits; she then went to fetch the things; she returned, and said they were gone - I went with her to the Horse and Groom public-house - she saw Clarke there with a bundle under his arm - she seized it, and it fell - I took it up, and came out with her - the prisoner came out and called Stop thief! after her; I took it home, and soon after Johnson and an officer came, and I gave them the things; they marked them.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I received the property from Jupp.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MARNS
               



            . I live at the Horse and Groom; the prisoner came in; the prosecutrix came in and took a bundle from under his arm; there was a scuffle between them.


                  JOHN 
                  RENSCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and caught hold of the prosecutrix; Marns came and said the prisoner had stolen the things, and I took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  FROST
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the Old Crown public-house, Curtain-road, about 10 o'clock on this night, he wanted to pawn or sell this property there; but no one would have them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
