





1791. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  ALLEN
               



             was indicted for a 


               conspiracy
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BAINES
               




            . I am a sadler
; and live in North Andley-street. On the 29th of March I was in Leadenhall-street


, looking for employment, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning - I heard two persons behind me; one said to the other "I'll see you d-d first, you d-d Jew;" I inadvertently looked round, and saw the prisoner, who had said this to a person who was with him, who is not here - the prisoner then stepped up to me, in the hearing of the other, and assuming the language of a sailor, said he was a sailor just come from sea in distress, and this d-d Jew wanted to buy his watch, but he would rather sell it to me, than that d-d Jew; I told him I did not want it; but he asked me to go and take a glass of grog, and look at it; his companion heard all this; I said I had no objection to that; he then took me down Michael-street, to a wine-vaults, and the Jew went with us, who kept saying that he would give 4l. 10s. for it; and then five guineas; the prisoner repeated as before, that he would not sell it to him at all; we had a pint of beer; the Jew came in while we were drinking it, and the prisoner was showing the watch to me; the Jew then said he would give 5l. 5s. and pulled out a handful of sovereigns and silver, on purpose to make me bid for it; the Jew then whispered in my ear, the sailor would not sell it to him; and said to me"Buy it, buy it, it is capped and jewelled, and runs upon a diamond, and worth nine or ten guineas;" that he could not get it of him; but if I could get it, he would buy it of me, and give me 10s. or 15s. for my bargain; the Jew then left the room; the prisoner asked me what I had got about me, I said I had four sovereigns and two half-crowns; he said "You shall have it;" I gave him the money, and took the watch; I believed the story, or I would not have bought it; the prisoner said "You pay for this pint of porter, Captain;" I said "I am no Captain;" he said "You have been to sea, have you not?" I said I had been one hundred and thirty or one hundred and forty miles across the water; he said "Ah, well;" he then left the house, and I looked for the Jew, as I wanted to get rid of the watch; but he was gone; the prisoner appeared to me like a broken down Captain, or something of that kind; I had been in London but four days; I looked round and saw the prisoner running away. I left the porter, half drank, and followed him down two or three streets into Petticoat-lane, crying Stop thief! but no one stopped him; I ran on and caught him; I said "You villain, you have imposed upon me; you have sold me a thing not worth one quarter the value I gave you for it;" he said "You be d-d;" I said "I shall hold you, unless you give me up my money, and take your watch;" I had scarcely looked round, before four or five people came up with the Jew and struck and kicked me violently; so that I was obliged to let the prisoner go; I saw him get off; I got into Whitechapel, and described him to Forrester, and he knew him.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you thought to get a bargain of this man? A. No; I bought it for the Jew; I did not examine it.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor applied to me, and described the prisoner; my son took him; I knew him before.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I apprehended him in Long-lane on the 3d of July.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchmaker. This watch was made for about 25s.; it is a sham diamond; it was never made to go; the only value is the case.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
