





1574. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  HARTIGAN
               




             was indicted for the 


               wilful murder of a certain female child named 
                     
                        Maria Ann 
                        Moore
                     




.
SEVERAL OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of describing the child's name.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and RYLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  CATHARINE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am single. I had a child living - it was a girl; it would be six months old, this month - its name was Mary Moore; I do not know that it had been baptized - I called it Mary Moore. My mother is dead. I never saw the prisoner before; her mother was about six weeks in the place where I lodged - she lodged in the lower room for a fortnight, and then came to lodge in the same room with me, at No. 5, Crown-court, White's-yard, Rosemary-lane, Whitechapel


 - a woman named Smith kept the room, and lived there; another woman lodged there; Smith had two children, and the other woman had two children also. On Tuesday, the 26th of August, I saw the prisoner there; I was out for about five minutes before this happened, and when I came back I found her in the room - I had never seen her before there; Toomey and the prisoner's mother were there - Mrs. Smith was not there: there was another woman named McCarthy, but she went down as soon as the row began - there were three children in the room, mine, Toomey's and the prisoner's: my child and the prisoner's lay on the bed - Toomey had hers in her arms; there was a fire in the room, and a kettle on it, when I went in. As soon as the row began the prisoner told her mother to take the kettle off the fire, because it was boiling.
Q. Do you mean to say, the prisoner said "Take the kettle off because it is boiling?" A. Yes, and the mother took it off in about two minutes, and put it down on the hearth: the prisoner's mother got hold of Toomey and asked her what business she had there; she said she was in a gossip's place, she had been there before, and she would be there after.

Q. Who did she mean by the gossip? A. Smith, who keeps the room; when she made that answer, the prisoner went up and struck her over the side of the head with a stone bottle - Toomey said she was much obliged for the reception she had given her, and she did not expect such a reception, when she came up stairs - then the prisoner went over to Toomey, and struck her in the face with her fist again: up to this time Toomey's child was in her lap, and mine on the bed - Toomey then put her child on my lap, saying it was a pity to let a blow go twice; she then got up, took hold of the prisoner, and knocked her down on the other bed - she fell on the bed without much violence; she shoved her on it- the prisoner's mother and brother then came and began to beat Toomey; I then got up, saying it was a pity for two to be on one, and began to part them as well as I could - the prisoner screamed Murder! three times when Toomey beat her.
Q. Then Toomey and the prisoner were fighting? A. Yes - she screamed Murder! Mrs. Anderson came up and began to separate the prisoner and her mother from Toomey and the brother: they were separated, and the mother went out of the room to look for an officer - I had put Toomey's child in bed along with my own, and in the same bed with the prisoner's child; they all three lay on one bed - when Anderson separated the prisoner, she (the prisoner) came, pulled my hair and tore my gown off; I was not able to resist after that - I went over towards the window to put my hair up; my cap and all was off - the prisoner then went over to the bed, took her child off and laid it under the window; I saw her put a child there - I cannot say whose it was; she then made over to a kettle of boiling water, which lay on the hearth, and said if she could not get her revenge on the b-l-y women, she would on the children: she took the kettle in her hand and threw it in among the children in the bed; she threw kettle and all on the bed - she then ran and took her own child from under the window: the lid was on the kettle when she threw it, but it came off and was found in the bed afterwards - she threw it up towards where the children were, at the head of the bed; there were two children then on the bed - her own was under the window.
Q. Can you say whether the kettle fell on the children? A. No. I heard it go against the wall with the force of the blow, about three fingers' length above the bed. I ran to take my child off the bed, and saw the kettle in the bed; I dipped my child into a tub of cold water which stood opposite the bed - its clothes were entirely full of water - the heat of the water burnt my fingers as I took her up - it was all over water except its face and stomach, which lay on the bed: I screamed out that my child was killed; a man ran up stairs and took it to the hospital - I was there till it died, which was about one o'clock next day - it had never had a day's sickness in its life, and five minutes before it happened, I saw it on the bed as well as ever it was.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have never been married? A. No; it was the only child I ever had - I cannot say what day of the month it was christened: I never swore it to anybody - I never had occasion- I get my living by selling oysters and fruit; I lived with a man named Moore, but not at that time - he is the father - he is now at sea; I am eighteen years old next St. Patrick's day - Moore has been at sea five months, and was at home when the child was born; I have lived at this house ever since it was born, and never saw the prisoner before that afternoon: I cannot say what time it happened - I believe it was about two or three o'clock in the day - the prisoner's mother and I had lived in the same room together for about three weeks; the prisoner had never seen the child before, to my knowledge - I did nothing to her but separated them.
Q. On your oath, did not you take away the mother in order that Toomey might beat her? A. I took her away that the prisoner and Toomey might fight it out together - they fought for about three minutes before they came up stairs - they fought for about ten minutes altogether.
Q. How did it begin? A. Toomey and the prisoner had some words down in the court - they made it up, and came up together; they had not fought down stairs, they only had a couple of words, as I heard them say - they fought for about ten minutes altogether, then the kettle was thrown - it had been off the fire ten minutes: I saw the prisoner with one black eye, when I saw her at Lambeth-street - she beat Toomey more than she beat her, only she did not give her a black eye; I never said she took the kettle off the fire or hob, nor that she poured the water on the child; I only just dipped my child into the cold water, took it out again, and screamed Murder! the prisoner had called Murder! three times - that was before Anderson came up.
Q. She was beating Toomey almost all the time? A. Yes; Toomey wasover her on the bed - she got the best of it; the brother was about eight years old - he was beating Toomey in the face with his fist; the mother was dragging her by the gown and tore it off her back.
Q. Did she throw the kettle the very instant she was separated from Toomey? A. After she beat me, Anderson shoved her away from me to part us; I never offered to fight either of them - I only pushed the mother away, I did not strike either of them; I went to the hospital in five minutes, leaving the prisoner and her mother in the house.
Q. Was not the prisoner like a mad woman? A. No; she was perfectly calm, quite collected, not at all agitated - I observed she was not at all alarmed at what she had done.
Q. You took particular notice to see whether she was agitated? A. When I saw the people come about her, I saw her putting up her hair as unconcerned as if she had not done it at all; I did not join in the row - I sat on the bed; she had invited Toomey up to have tea with her - I was on the bed when she and Toomey came up stairs; I always called the child little Mary or little Mary Moore. I am a Catholic. Smith, my landlady, took it to the priest to be christened about three weeks or a fortnight after it was born.


                  CATHERINE 
                  TOOMEY
               



            . I am single; I know the prisoner and her mother. On the 25th of August I had had some words with the prisoner; she afterwards called me up stairs to her mother's lodging in Crown-court - I had my child with me; I went up, and the prisoner began to abuse me - we had not many words before she came over and struck me; I was sitting down with my child in my arms - she struck me on the head with a stone bottle; Crawleywas in the room, and had a child in her arms - the prisoner had her child; she laid it out of her arms before she struck me, and put it on the bed; she struck me once without the stone bottle, then struck me with it: her mother was in the room and came over and struck me, then caught me by my hair and dragged me about - they were both on me at once; I gave my child to Crawley to defend myself from them both: Crawley seeing them both beating me threw the two children on the bed, out of her arms, and came to save me from them: the prisoner's brother was in the room - he struck me too; they were all on me, when Crawley came to my assistance - Crawley came between them both as well as she could, to save me - I was then standing; I cried out Murder! and Mrs. Anderson ran up stairs - she put them all aside as well as she could, disengaged me from her hands and separated us: the prisoner then took her own child out of the bed and put it under the window, about as far from the bed as I am from your Lordship; she then went up to the fire, a kettle of water stood on the hearth; she said if she could not have revenge on the women she would on the children - she took the kettle off the hearth and threw it over the bed, right over the two children; she stood at the side of the bed, near the wall; she did not pour the water out, but threw kettle and all - the kettle did not go near the children, as I saw; it stopped in the bed, it did not hit them - the lid was on when she took it up.
Q. From anything that passed, had you an opportunity of knowing whether the water was cold or hot? A. It was on the fire when I came up; I did not see anything done to it afterwards.
Q. When it went out of the prisoner's hands, where did it hit? A. I did not notice; immediately it was thrown, the children began to cry - Anderson called"Murder! the children are scalded to death" - I took up mine; Crawley took her child up and dipped it down - a man came up and took it to the hospital; my child was also sealded, but not so dangerously as the other - I took it to the hospital; the doctor dressed it - I brought it home. Crawley's child was called little Mary Moore.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that your child you have got in your arms? A. Yes. I took it to the hospital two or three mornings, and had leave to stay with it there - it was getting well: I did not strike the prisoner till she struck me twice; I know her mother, but had never quarrelled with her - I live at No. 11, Crown court.
Q. What business had you at her house? A. I was going for some tea and sugar - I was not asked to tea; I called Murder! two or three times, and that brought Mrs. Anderson up: the prisoner did not cry Murder! she had a black eye, which I believe I gave her - Craw. ley did not fight, she only came between us - I did not see her strike at all; the fight might last about a quarter of an hour - the prisoner was in a very great passion; nobody but her beat me; there were three of them against me - I could not do much - I got into a passion when she struck me; the children lay on the bed dressed, not under the clothes - we had been talking at the foot of the stairs, but not scolding; I got into a passion when she struck me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Though you were not asked to tea were you up stairs? A. The prisoner asked me to come up; after the child was scalded she sat on the bed, and seemed to take no notice of the children.
COURT. Q. You were talking at the foot of the stairs, what words passed between you? A. I cannot tell the words - there was no quarrelling then; the quarrel began up stairs, by the prisoner saying she was a married woman, and one thing or another; I said if she were married, she had no occasion to talk about it; I do not know what was said afterwards; I said if she were married that was enough - I had not said she was not married.


                  ANN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am married, and live at No. 5, Crown-court, on the second floor. On this day, before I went up, I heard a noise, as if they were all fighting together; I ran up stairs - it was between four and five o'clock; I first saw the prisoner's mother on the bed very much in liquor, and Mrs. Toomey was beating her - I tried to part them, and did so; as soon as I parted the prisoner's mother, she ran down stairs - the prisoner and Crawley were in the room; when the mother had gone down stairs, the prisoner fell on Crawley, and beat her - I parted them; the prisoner went away - the three children were all on the second bed - (I always knew Crawley's child by the name of Mary Moore;) the prisoner then went and took her own baby off the bed, and put it under the window, about two yards from the bedstead - she then said as she could not have revenge on the b-y women, she would on the children; she took the kettle up, and threw the hot water over them - the lid jumped off, and went under the bedstead; the lid was on it when she took it up, but was afterwards found under the bedstead separate from the kettle - the kettle was full of water, which went over the children; I called Murder! - Miller came up, and took Crawley's child to the hospital.
Cross-examined. Q. Toomey was beating the prisoner's mother when you came? A. Yes; they were all fighting together - she was beating her severely; the mother was a very stout woman, and very much in liquor; Toomey was over her - Crawley and the prisoner fought for about ten minutes; Crawley did not strike at all - it was the prisoner beating her; Crawley did not beat the mother, it was Toomey - the prisoner called Murder! - I suppose, from the noise I heard, they had been fighting for a quarter of an hour - the prisoner was not much beat; the mother hallooed out that her daughter was being killed, and went down to get an officer - her daughter was not being ill-used at that time; they were all fighting together - the bed was about a yard from the fire.
COURT to CATHERINE CRAWLEY. Q. You said there were a couple of words between the prisoner and Toomey, at the foot of the stairs? A. Yes - they had a few words - I cannot say what it was; I heard them talking: the prisoner's mother caught hold of Toomey directly she came up, and asked what brought her there - Toomey said she was there before her, and would be there after her, in her gossip's place; the prisoner said she was married - Toomey had called her a wh-e; those were the first words - she said that before Toomey had said anything to her.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I carried Crawley's child to the hospital; it had been scalded - I delivered it to a gentleman there; Perry was with me.

JOHN PERRY. I went with Miller to the hospital; Mr. Wild, the surgeon, took charge of the child.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a student at the London hospital. On the 26th of August the child was delivered to me, in the presence of Perry; it had been scalded all over its belly, its back, the front and back of its bowels and legs; it had lost a great portion of skin, and appeared very much exhausted, from the shock it had received; it continued under my care till one o'clock the next day, and then expired; I ascribe its death to the scalds.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know it had been immersed in cold water? A. Yes; they told me so immediately it was brought - that was calculated to do it good; I had no hopes of it, and told them it would not survive long; by the shock I mean the hot water.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is not cold water the best application to a burn? A. The sooner cold is applied the better.


                  THOMAS 
                  BANKS
               



            . I am a headborough of Whitechapel. I heard of this accident, and went to look for the prisoner on Tuesday night, but could not find her till Wednesday morning, when I found her in a back room at Mr. Gray's, Rosemary-lane. I have the kettle - I saw it found about half-past six o'clock; there was about half a pint of water in it- I told the prisoner what I took her for; she said she was coming to give herself up to me - she knew she had done wrong, and had been very uneasy all night; I had made her neither threat nor promise.
Cross-examined. Q. What state was she in? A. She had no black eye, to my knowledge.


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I knew Crawley's child, and took it to be baptized, at the Roman Catholic chapel; Mr. Foley was the priest who christened it, and I stood godmother; I gave it the name of Mary Ann Moore - I did not understand the language the ceremony was performed in.
THE REV. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HORROBIN
               



            . I am one of the ministers of the Roman Catholic chapel, in Virginia-street; the Rev. Mr. Foley is also minister of the chapel. I produce a register of the baptism, which is in Latin; I know it to be in Mr. Foley's hand-writing - the register is kept in the Sacristy; the translation of it is "Mary Ann Moore, born the 12th of March, 1828, baptized 20th of March, by the Rev. J. Foley;" the godmother is Jane Smith.
Cross-examined. Q. This is entered as the daughter of Catherine Crawley and Thomas Moore? A. Yes; there is an erasure - it has been the daughter of Thomas and Catherine Moore, but finding it was illegitimate, the alteration was made at the time.
Prisoner. I have said all I have to say - I do not wish to say anything now.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               manslaughter only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
