





1667. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 2 shillings, 2 sixpences, and one 10l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Moss
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH MOSS. I am a seaman
. On the 22d of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the Three Sugar-Loaves public-house, St. Mary-axe and had a 10l. note, a sovereign and a half, and 3s. in my waistcoat pocket - I went there to meet a shipmate and his wife; I was sober - we had no liquor there; I went to see my mate off by the Deptford coach, in Gracechurch-street


 - we went into the Bell public-house there, and in about half an hour the prisoner came in; I had no conversation with him - he was a stranger; he sat down by me - I fell asleep with my head on the table, and when I awoke I missed my silver - the 10l. note was in my pocket then; the prisoner was still sitting by my side - I was rather groggy then; he left the house before me - I did not miss the note till next morning, but the witness can tell about it better than me.


                  EDWARD 
                  PAVELING
               



            . I was at the public-house; I saw the prisoner and prosecutor sitting by each other; the prosecutor fell asleep - I saw the prisoner's hand go into the sailor's right-hand waistcoat pocket three times; I acquainted my master of it (Mr. Lennox, the landlord);he said he did not like to interfere - the sailor went away first; I told him to feel in his pockets and see if all was right; he said it was all right - he came next morning and said his money was lost.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear I took anything out of his pocket? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a smith. I was at the public-house, about half-past six o'clock on this evening, alone; the prosecutor, prisoner, and another person entered in about ten minutes; they called for a pot of half-and-half - the prosecutor pulled some silver from his right-hand waistcoat pocket and paid for it: he fell asleep soon after - the person, who came in with him, sat on his right side, and the prisoner on the other - the other man went away soon after; his name, I understand, is Jackson - the prisoner then shifted round towards the sailor, who seemed to be asleep, but in a very little time the prisoner's hand was very near his pocket; the sailor got up and said "It won't do. I am awake to that," and went to sleep again - Paveling came to me and said "Look out;" I kept my eye on the prisoner and saw him put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket and take some silver out, but what it was I cannot say - Paveling came and said "I want to speak to you;" I went out with him into the passage: he asked if I had seen it - I said he had better acquaint his master; he said he had, but he did not chose to interfere - his name is Lennox; he keeps the Bell, Bell-yard, Gracechurch-street - during this time the prisoner came out, asked for a candle, and said he was going to the privy - I saw him go to the cellar and return, and Jackson returned; they both went in on the same side of the box, but did not go near the prosecutor again; they asked for another pot of half-and-half and asked me to drink; I said if I did I would pay part; I paid for a pint - they then said they would have another pint, and that the sailor should pay for it when he awoke; I said I would have nothing to do with that, and called for a pint for myself - they drank theirs and said they would have another, and the sailor should pay for it; the waiter said if he was to pay for it he must awake him; he roused him up and told him there was a pot of half-and-half to pay for; he put his hand into his right-hand pocket and pulled out a note, he turned it over to his left hand pocket, put his hand into his pocket again, and said something about half-and-half - he rapped his arm on the table and said he did not like such tricks: Paveling said "If you have silver why not pay for it out of that;" he said "I have no silver, it is gone," and then threw down a sovereign - I had seen the prisoner take the silver out of his pocket: I believe I left the house first.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLINKS
               



            . I am waiter at the house. The prisoner was taken next morning at the White Hart public-house - the sailor had come that morning and said he had been robbed by Allen.


                  JOHN 
                  VENN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner - the prosecutor charged him with robbing him of a 10l. note, a sovereign and a half, and 8s. 6d. in silver; he denied all knowledge of it at first - he did not deny having been there - I have known him for six or eight weeks.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
