





2018. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 rule, value 9d., and 1 handkerchief, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Britt
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BRITT
               



            . I am a bricklayer
. I met the prisoner near Fleet-market about twelve o'clock at night, on the 22nd of September - we went to a public-house, and then to a house in Field-lane


; we went to bed - I wound up my watch, put it into my trousers, and put them under my pillow: I soon fell asleep, and something awoke me - I saw the prisoner going out of the door, with a light in her hand; I asked where she was going to - she said to get some beer; I said it was too late - she said she knew where to get it: I laid down again, and thought I did not hear my watch - I knocked on the floor for a light; some person brought one up, and said she was gone out to get some beer- I got up, and went out; I saw the watchman, and as I stood talking with him, the prisoner and another female came into the lane - the prisoner went into the same house again; I followed, and asked if she had not some property of mine - she said No; I called the watchman, who took her, and found the watch in her hand.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I was called in - the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner; I asked her to give me the watch - she said she had not got it: I saw her take her hand from her pocket - I took hold of her hand, and found the watch in it; the handkerchief and rule were found the next morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He wanted the watch, and I said I would give it to the man; it was my intention to bring it back to him, as there were many girls in the house - I pulled it out of my pocket to give it him.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
