





282. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RIESBECK
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Elder
                        




                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 2d of January
, and stealing a spencer, value 30 s.; a buckle, value 2 s., and a piece of trimming, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Freeman
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Stevenson
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Stevenson
               



             - we are tailors

, and rent a shop in 
               
                  Charles 
                  Elder
               



            's house, Castle-street East, Oxford-street, St. Mary-le-bone


. On the 2d of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, or rather later - it was dark - I was going out, and observed that the shop window was lifted up; I had seen it down a quarter of an hour before - I had not remained in the shop during that quarter of an hour. I missed a spencer from the window; any one could have put a hand in and taken it. I immediately returned and told my partner, and we agreed to watch. I went into the street, and saw some trimming hanging from the window. I saw the prisoner in company with a young man; both walked up to the window - the prisoner went and took a piece of trimming. I immediately went up and secured him; the other walked off. The spencer has not been found.
FREDBRICK STEVENSON. I was in the back parlour, and in consequence of what passed, we watched. I stood inside, and saw the prisoner come to the window at different times, and saw a man with him once, but did not see the trimming taken.
GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
