






139. 
               
                  ANN 
                  McCOY
               




             and 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  FOX
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Mason
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE MASON. I am a jobbing gardener
. On Sunday morning, the 26th of November, I was in Church-street, St. Giles, between ten and eleven o'clock - I met the two prisoners, who accosted me, and I went into a public-house with them; I had had a little drink on the Saturday night, and was some what the worse for liquor - I had stopped at a friend's house all night - the prisoners then enticed me to go home with them - I went with McCoy to No. 18, Church-street


, up to a first-floor room, I think, and went to bed; I had laid my breeches in a chair by the bed side, and the watch was in them; I remember feeling in the fob when I laid them down; McCoy got up after some time, opened the door, and let Fox in; Fox said she was the landlady, and she demanded a week's rent; McCoy said she did not owe any; I saw McCoy with my breeches in her hand, and she then went out; I felt, and my watch was gone; I got up, and ran down-stairs; I found Fox in the passage, and gave charge of her; I gave the alarm, but I did not see McCoy till I saw her at Marlborough-street the next day; I am quite sure of her person; I had not given her any thing; I did not see what she was doing with my breeches.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am a constable. I saw a mob of people; I went up, and saw the prosecutor, whom somewomen were pulling about; I took Fox - she said if I would get her away, she would tell me where the watch was; I took her to the watch-house, and she had a child in her arms; I left word that if the mother of the child came, to detain her - McCoy came for it, and was detained.
FOX's Defence. I am the girl the prosecutor went with - we had been to several public-houses together, and the prosecutor called for a quartern and a half of gin, and had not money to pay for it; the landlord asked him what he meant - he then put his hand into his pocket, said he had some money, and he called for more, but the landlord would not bring it.
McCOY's Defence. I met the prosecutor and Fox in the street, as they were going home; I went to the house afterwards, and Fox asked me to go and get something for breakfast; I left her my child, and she was taken to the watch-house.
GEORGE MASON. I am sure it was McCoy whom I went to bed with.
McCOY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
FOX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
