






1055. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  SHEPPARD
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CHAMBELAIN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 leaden pump, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Shackell
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his
            .
THOMAS SHACKELL. I live in the parish of Ealing


. Ihad a pump fixed to a building in the yard of my house; I saw it safe on the 2d of March, and missed it the next day - the wood-work was broken down, and the lead taken away; I saw it the same day in a barn adjoining a pottery; I know the two prisoners very well - they live just by - they knew my premises, but had never been employed by me; I took them before Mr. Creighton, the Magistrate.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see them about your premises? A. No - their friends are very respectable.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Nichols, at Brentford. I saw the two prisoners and another young man in the barn where the pump was found, on Thursday, the 2d of March, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning; I said "I know you," and Sheppard replied,"we are at no harm here, Tom."
Cross-examined. Q. Had they slept there? A. I do not know - when I opened the door, they went out at the back door into Mr. Jones' premises, who is a gardener - they were outside the door when they spoke to me - they then ran.


                  JOHN 
                  COE
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the two prisoners and another person on the 24th of April by Mr. Nichols' - I found Sheppard in the barn, and the others in different parts of Old Brentford.
Cross-examined. Q. Are not the prisoner's friends respectable? A. I believe they are - I did not know them before - I do not know where they lived.


                  JAMES 
                  BRUTUS
               



            . I have lived all my life at Old Brentford. I know the two prisoners very well - we were all together on the night of the 2d of March, and were intoxicated - we went and got Mr. Shackell's pump - we pulled the wood work away with our hands; we took the pump to Mr. Nichols' barn, and left it there, about one o'clock in the morning; we staid there till about half-past eight, when I saw Thomas Vaughan - he asked what we wanted there - we said we had been resting; we then went out. I was taken up on the 24th of April; I had not been away from home - I had seen the prisoners once or twice afterwards, near home, but not oftener.
Cross-examined. Q. You never were away from home, did you not think you had done any harm? A. No; I do not know which of us were taken up first. If they are convicted I expect I shall get off; I was never in any Court in my life; I was taken up once, but I did not go before a Magistrate; I cannot recollect when it was - it was within six months; I was taken before a Magistrate of Brentford - it was on suspicion of stealing a rope, but they would not take the young chap's evidence that wanted to swear our lives away; the Magistrate committed me but I was not tried; I was in prison three weeks - I do not know who took the pump up.
THOMAS SHACKELL re-examined. I have since exchanged the pump for another; I took it from the barn myself - I did not know it would be wanted.
SHEPPARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
