





692. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARTNET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, five yards of cotton, value 5 s. and one petticoat, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I live at 54, High-street, St. Giles's


. I am a silversmith
 and pawnbroker
; these things were forfeited pledges, and were in the shop for sale, and hung by the side of the wall about three feet from the door, inside the shop; I had seen the petticoat safe two hours before, and the cotton I saw the first thing in the morning. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the prisoner came and produced an apron to pawn for 1 s. I refused to take it, as it was not worth that; she left, and in ten minutes I missed the petticoat, and in about a quarter of an hour I was fetched to Mr. Hulme's, the pawnbroker in Museum-street, and found the prisoner there in custody, and 5 yards of printed cotton on the counter; it had the sale ticket on it in my writing, that would not be seen till it was unfolded; it was mine. I then asked what she had got in her apron, she said what was that to me. I opened it, and there was the petticoat; my shop ticket belonging to that was on the floor torn in pieces close to her feet; she was secured. My apprentice had been serving in the shop; he could give me no information about it; he stood about the middle of the shop while the prisoner was there. I was the first person that spoke to her - she was two or three minutes in the shop, and had no conversation with the apprentice; he was ticketing goods. When I gave her her answer I believe I went out to the parlour. The cotton cost me 5 s. and the petticoat 4 s.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hulme, pawnbroker, No. 53, Museum-street, Bloomsbury. On the 14th of April, the prisoner and another woman came into the shop about 3 o'clock, and offered an apron in pawn for 1 s. the prisoner presented it, I advanced 9 d. on it: they went away, and in a few minutes the prisoner returned alone, and took out of her apron a petticoat, which she put on the counter, and then seeing the shop ticket on it, drew it back; I saw her fumbling down with it, which gave me suspicion. She immediately took the cotton out of her apron and offered that; when she put it on the counter, she saw the ticket on that Mr. Hulme laid hold of it, and she pulled to get it from him, he got it from her and kept it. We examined the ticket and saw it was Brooks's, and sent to him: he claimed it and the petticoat. I have had it ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . The ticket is mine and was in the cotton.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am one of the beadles of St. George's, Bloomsbury. I was sent for, and took charge of her; I found 15 duplicates on her - none of them have been claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to pawn an apron; the otherwoman pushed something off the guard and gave it me; when I came out I went to pawn them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
