





1860. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WIDDOWSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, 1 box, value 2s.; 1 coat. value 7s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 2 pairs of breeches, value 2s.; 3 pairs of shoes, value 4s.; 2 shirts, value 3s; 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s., and 1 Bible, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Kennett
               




            .
JOHN KENNETT. I live with Mr. King, in Grosvenor-Place


. I left this property in the area passage on the 25th of June, when I went down to the country house - it was all packed up together - it was missed on the 31st; I saw it again on the 3d of August - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I am butler to Mr. King. Kennett left this property in the passage, in a box - I saw it safe on the 31st of June - I was informed by Dorman that he had men a suspicious man carrying it by his door; we pursued and caught the prisoner crossing Belgrave-place with it; he said a gentleman had given it him to carry to a coach office, and that he was to have 1s, for it.


                  HENRY 
                  DORMAN
               



            . I am a publican. On the 31st of July I was in the bar, and saw the prisoner pass with the box, which I had seen at Mr. King's, as I serve them; I went and found it was gone; we then pursued and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WITT
               



            . I was in Chapel-street, about one hundred yards from this house, and saw some men with this box on one of their shoulders; the prisoner said to them,"Come along;" they went along together.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am am an officer. I received him in charge with the box.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Chelsea, and met a man, who asked me to carry the box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
