





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
500. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HARGRAVE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 coat, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ellice
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am coachman to Colonel
 Robert Ellice, who lives in Seymour-street, Portman-square. On the 2d of February, a little before six o'clock in the evening, I left my box coat on the carriage box, in the mews; I put the carriage into the stable when I had cleaned the horses, and do not know whether the coat was then on the box - I fastened the stable, and next morning, about nine o'clock, missed the coat - it was nearly a new drab coat, and had six capes - the buttons had master's crest, which is a hand and snake, on them - it has not been found.


                  GEORGE 
                  DODEMEAD
               



            . I live at No. 29, Mitchell-street, Mary-le-bone - the prisoner lived in the next room to me for about a week. On the 2d of February, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, he came up to his own room door, and knocked - finding nobody answer him he knocked at my room door, and asked me if he could leave his coat there till he or his wife came home; I said Yes; he said, "I should not say it is mine, for it is master's;" his master belongs to some Paddington coaches; he left the coat in my room, and went away. I gave it to his wife about half-past ten o'clock, when she came in; it was a gentleman's coachman's drab box coat, with six capes; the bottom one being a kind of half cape- I noticed a hand and snake on the buttons, the same as is on Lucas' coat now; there were two buttons missing on the side - it had three loops and three buttons on them - I observed it particularly, as I suspected it was stolen, and I showed it to Robinson, my landlady. I saw the prisoner on the stairs next day - I gave information, and he was taken on the 5th.


                  LETITIA 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I live at No. 28, Mitchell-street; the prisoner lodged at No. 29 for a week, and had lodged at No. 20 for seven months before. On the 2d of February Dodemead showed me a drab box coat, with a hand and snake on the buttons - it was nearly new, and some of the buttons were off, near the centre.


                  JOHN 
                  LUCAS
               



            . My coat had six capes - one was not a whole one - I can only recollect one button being off, as I used only to button the top one; it had three loops.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
