






499. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BYWATER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CHARD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, seven live tame rabbits, price 7 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Stole
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  STOLE
               



            . I am the wife of James Stole, and live in Rickman's-gardens, Knightsbridge


. I keep rabbits in a shed adjoining the house. I missed them on the 15th of January: there was a buck and a doe and five young ones. I had seen them safe the night before. I saw them again, about two o'clock that day, in Mr. Edwards's stable, at the Rose and Crown public-house.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . I belong to the 1st regiment of Lifeguards. I was informed, that Bywater had offered the rabbits for sale. I went up to him on Knightsbridge-green, between one and two o'clock, on the 15th of January: Chard was with him. I asked him, if he had got rabbits to sell: he said, no. I asked, if he had sold them: he said, he never had any to sell - he did not keep rabbits. I said, "You had some to sell this morning." He said, he was sure he had not. I questioned him a good deal, and he at last said, he was the only one who had stolen them. I told him, the constable was after him, and he would be taken. He said, "Let me put my coat on;" which he did. He then went with me to Mrs. Stole's, and showed her where the rabbits were.
MARY STOLE re-examined. Q. Did Bradbury bring Bywater to you? A. Yes; he told me where the rabbits were; and said, I should get them again, if I would not hurt him. I said, "Well, take me." We went to Mr. Edwards's stables, and found them. I did not know the prisoners before.


                  EDWARD 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take Bywater. I took Chard about half an hour afterwards. Bywater told me where the rabbits were.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live with my father: he is a cow-keeper, in New-road, Chelsea. I bought these rabbits of Chard, about half-past nine o'clock, on the morning of Saturday, the 15th of January. Bywater was with him, They both asked me to buy them. Chard asked 4 s. for them. I said, "I will give you 3 s. 6 d." I gave them 2 s.; and Chard took 1 s. and Bywater the other: theythen left. I was to give them the other 1 s. 6 d. when I could get it.
BYWATER'S Defence. All that the last witness has said is false.
BYWATER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
CHARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
