






1580. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHURCHMAN
               




             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HARRIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 500lbs. of lead, value 4l., belonging to 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Lamb
                     



                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Goodson
               



            , and fixed to a building of his.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I met the prisoners on the 30th of June, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, in Princes-street, Bank


; they had a truck, and stopped at the door of Mr. Lamb; in a few minutes I went up and saw a piece of lead in the truck, and Churchman was bringing out another piece of lead, and put it into the truck - Harris was by him; I looked at the house, and said to Churchman, "What, are you repairing here?" he said Yes; I said "Who employed you?" he said "Mr. Banner, of Fore-street" - I walked round, and saw no name on the truck; I then said, "Why, you have broken the door open"- he said "No, I have a key;" there was a key in the door - he turned it backwards and forwards, but I saw the door had been broken, and have brought a piece of it here - Churchman then said, "We will go to Mr. Banner's;" I said, "No, I'll go to the Mansion-house;" I took hold of Harris, Churchman walked on pretty quick, and then ran - I called out, and he was taken - I got a man to drag the truck - I went to the house, and saw lead had been cut from the sky-light - it was the same sort as this - there was about 5 cwt. in the passage, ready to be carried off.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were not people living in the house? A. No; I did not compare the lead.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GIFFORD BANNER
               



            . On the Monday after the 30th of June, I saw, in the Times newspaper, an account of this robbery, and that the men had said they were employed by me; I went to the Mansion-house, and saw the prisoners - I had not employed them - I did not go to Mr. Lamb's house.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I was employed to let or sell this house, and had the key - I am an auctioneer - it belongs to Mr. Alexander Lamb - Mr. Goodson is a friend of his, who had been at the house - I know nothing of the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. Has the house been repaired? A. No.
CHURCHMAN'S Defence. I was at home; Harris came and asked if I had any thing to do; I said No; he said,"We will walk into the City, and see if we can get any thing," and at Aldgate a gentleman crossed the road and asked if we wanted a job; I said Yes - he asked if we could get a truck; he said if we met him with it, he would take us to a house to move some lead to Mr. Banner's - we went to Mr. Collins', who told us where we could get a truck - we went and met the same person, and followed him to the house; he unlocked the door, told us to take the lead to Mr. Banner's, and he would meet us there - we had no knife at all.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a wheel-wright, and live in Little Turner-street, Commercial-road. I have known both the prisoners sometime; they came to me on the 30th of June, and asked if I had a truck - they said they had a job to do for a gentleman in the City, and if they did not get a truck he would get somebody else - I recommended them to Mr. Dale, a neighbour, and passed my word for a truck for them - I had lent them one two or three times - they did not tell me where they were to take it.
CHURCHMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
