





369. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one watch, value 3 l.; one key, value 1 d.; and one seal, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hussey
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Dignum
                     



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUSSEY
               



            . On Friday the 1st of February, the prisoner was at my house, and breakfasted with me. After breakfast he left my room, and I saw no more of him. On Monday the 4th, after breakfast, I left my watch in my room, and went out; I left it hanging against the wall, it it hung up there on the 1st of February, when he was there. I left my daughter at home, and was sent for about half-past one o'clock, and found the watch was gone. I lodge in the parlour of Mr. Dignum. It cost six guineas - I bought it thirteen years ago, at Bath.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HUSSEY
               



            . I am eleven years and a half old. I am the grand-daughter of the last witness; he went out on Monday, and left me alone in the room. The prisoner knocked at the door about one o'clock; I was cleaning myself, thought it was my grandmother, and said I was coming; I opened the door and saw it was him. I said,
"Oh, is that you?" He said,
"Yes." I knew him before, by his having breakfasted with my grandfather. He came in, and asked me to fetch him a pennyworth of tobacco; I said I could not, as the shop was at the end of the next street. I looked at the watch, and saw it was exactly one o'clock - I said,
"I can't, indeed, for my grandmother will be home directly to dinner." He warmed his hands, and said,
"Then will you fetch me half a sheet of paper, and make haste home, for I have seen your mother, and she will break your neck if you don't make haste." I went out and saw him looking out of the window, with his hat on. I ran to the shop, got the paper, and ran home as fast as I could. I found he was gone, and the watch also. I was not gone three minutes. I ran to Clare-market, and told my grandmother. On Saturday night he came again; I would not let him in, as I was alone; he said he wanted my grandmother.


                  ANN 
                  HUSSEY
               



            . I am the wife of the first witness - I attend Clare-market - I come home to dinner every day at one o'clock. On this Monday, as I stood in the market, the prisoner passed by me; it was about a quarter past one o'clock. I asked him what he was going in such a hurry for. He said, he had carried a box, and was going home to his lodgings. I asked if he had heard any thing from home - he said No. I saw no more of him till the Saturday after; he did not say he had been to my lodging. A few minutes after the little girl fetched me. On the Saturday following I was standing in the market; he passed by me; I said,
"Is that Berry?" - he said,
"Yes." I told him he was the person I had been looking for. He said,
"Yes, and I have been looking for you - you have been exposing me among my country people, about taking a watch." I got assistance and had him taken into custody. I have known him ten or eleven years - I have not found it.
Prisoner. Q. You asked me to have some beer - A. Yes, I wanted to detain him till I could have him secured.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
