





509. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WALDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, one watch, value 10 s., and one key, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  LEWIS
               



            . On Sunday afternoon, the 13th of January, at half-past five o'clock, I was in Brick-lane


, going towards Spitalfields-church, and by the wall of Hanbury's brewhouse, I saw three lads standing with their backs against the wall, and two females opposite them. I passed between the men and the women, and felt a finger at my waistcoat pocket. I immediately said,
"I'll not be robbed, keep your hands off;" a young man rushed before me, and said,
"Do you say I robbed you?" I said, I'll have nothing to say to you." I was going on, and at the corner of Black Eagle-street, somebody behind pushed against me, and shoved me up the street, and one of them violently thrust his hands into my waistcoat pocket, and took out mywatch. I cried Stop thief! he was followed to the end of the street, and somebody said,
"We have got your watch." I found the prisoner in custody, and gave him in charge at the watch-house. I cannot say whether he was one of the men, my sight is very bad.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . The prisoner was given in my charge with the watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RUSHBROOK
               



            . I was coming along Brick-lane, between five and six o'clock, and opposite the end of Black Eagle-street, I saw the prosecutor surrounded by three fellows, and from the position they were in, I thought they were robbing him - I was running to the spot, and had got as far as the middle of the road, when all three ran off - the prisoner up the lane, another in the opposite direction, and the third down Black Eagle-street, where he fell down, and I overtook him. He got up and was running off again, I struck him on the head with my umbrella, he then turned from the middle of the street, towards the pavement, when several persons seized him. I saw his hand in a position, as if he had thrown something in the kennel, I picked the watch out, and with several others, took him to the watch-house - it was the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry and joined in the pursuit for twenty yards, and saw a lad drop something - they collared me and said I was the person who dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
