






1145. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     CASTELOW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CRONIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 66 lbs. of lead, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live in Great Portland-street, Marylebone. This lead was affixed to a house I am building in Harley-street, Marylebone


. I heard of the robbery the day after it was done, which was the 11th of June - the lead had not been removed away, but was cut up in pieces - it had been taken off the dormer window, and appeared bright at the edges, as if it was fresh cut - I think there was about 60 lbs. weight of it, but I have not weighed it - it exactly fitted the place, and was all there. I have seen these prisoners about there several times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERON
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Allcroft, copper-plate printer, Oxford-market. I did not know the house which was robbed till these young men shewed it to me - I had known them before. On the 10th of June, about half-past six o'clock, I was standing at my mother'sdoor, in Peter-street, near Wardour-street, when Castelow came and asked me if I had seen Cronin - while we were speaking Cronin came up, and asked Castelow if he would go with him to Upper Harley-street - he agreed to go, and I went with him - Cronin said he wanted some money, and he would go and get some lead off those houses; and asked me to go with them - I went, and we got into the house about half-past nine o'clock; Cronin took us to the back of the house, and went up the ladder first, Castelow and I followed him - when Cronin got on the second floor he saw some carpenters' tools, and said he would have some of them - we then went on the third floor, and Castelow said he did not know how we should get to the top of the house; Cronin said he would find a way, he got a little ladder, and we all got to the top of the house. Cronin then pulled the nails out of the lead, and rolled it up - I believe it was new lead. He then cut a piece off it, which might weigh 14 or 15 lbs. - we heard the watchmens' rattles sprung, and Cronin said the watchmen had got into the house, for he could see their lights, it was then dark - Cronin then got away, but I do not know how - Castelow told me to follow him, which I did, and we went along the tops of the houses to the end of the street - Castelow then pulled off his shoes, and slid down the rain water-pipe - I tried to do so, but I fell down into a gentleman's yard; I laid there a great while, I do not know how long - a gentleman's servant came and asked me if any body was in the house; I told him no - he asked me how I got there, and I told him; he called the watchman, who took me.
Prisoner CRONIN. Q. You said, at the Police Office, that it was in Baker-street - A. I said I did not know whether it was in Baker-street or Harley-street - I did not know the street.


                  HUGH 
                  HINDES
               



            . I am a butler to the Marquis de-la-Belaney, who lives at No. 13, Harley-street; I found Heron lying in the yard - he said he had been stealing lead from one of the houses, but he did not say there were others with him - I gave him to the watchman.


                  JAMES 
                  VIALL
               



            . I am a watchman; my beat is in Upper Harley-street and Devonshire-street - Heron was delivered to me by Hindes.


                  JOHN 
                  GUDGE
               



            . I am a watchman; my beat is in Park Crescent, near Upper Harley-street. Pragnal came to me, in Upper Harley-street, and said some men had got into this building - I went with him, searched; and when we got to the attic we heard some persons on the roof - we could not distinguish what way they were going - when we got out, I saw a small piece of lead, and then two other pieces by the dormer, and a knife; the edges of the lead were bright, as if fresh cut - we left the lead there till Mr. Richardson came; there might be 60 lbs. of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRAGNALL
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past nine o'clock, on the night of the robbery, a young woman gave me information - I went in with Gudge, and found some lead, fresh cut.


                  AUGUSTA 
                  CARTER
               



            . I live with my mother, who has the care of a house, next door but one to Mr. Richardson - I saw the prisoners walking up and down, opposite the house, at a quarter before nine o'clock - I observed them, and know them again; Heron was with them; I can safely swear that they are the persons - they passed up and down about three times - I am quite certain of all the three - I saw one of them go down into the area - I do not know where the other two were when he went down. I told Pragnall of it - I saw them again on the 15th of June, before the Justice - then swore positively to their persons, I am certain they are the men.
Prisoner CRONIN. Q. Where were you when you saw the man go down the area - A. At the street-door; it was Castelow.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a constable. I found Castelow on the 11th of June, in a back room at No. 5, Monmouth-court, Monmouth-street. I told him I apprehended him for stealing lead from Mr. Richardson's; he said,
"I know it." I found Cronin the same day in Hopkins-street, leading into Peter-street, St. James's. I told him it was on a charge of stealing Mr. Richardson's lead; he said he knew nothing about it. I went to the house, and found some of the lead had been stripped off, and some recently cut.
CASTELOW'S Defence. He told me it was on a charge of stealing lead - I said I knew nothing about it.
CRONIN'S Defence. Heron told me the first time he had an opportunity of getting us into trouble he would, because we apprehended him for running away from his father and mother; he brought out a 4 lb. weight to do us some bodily harm, but his uncle took it from him.
CRONIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CASTELOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
