





1135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, one watch chain, value 20 s., and two seals, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Rees 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  REES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a surgeon
, and live in Cannon-street, City. On the 24th of July between eight and nine o'clock at night I was walking down the Commercial-road


, holding up my umbrella, as it rained hard; the prisoner suddenly presented himself before me, so as to stop me, another man was in his company; the prisoner made a snatch at my watch, and before I could put my hand down the chain gave way; he got the whole chain and seals, (they were gold) and ran down a street leading to Stepney-fields. I pursued - a man came up to know what was the matter, and snatched my umbrella away, tripped me up, and ran in another direction. I pursued the prisoner across the fields. I saw him distinctly all the way till Hugget stopped him on the other side of the fields; he was taken to the watch-house, but nothing found on him. Next day I found them thrown under a wall, just at the spot where was he taken.
Prisoner. Q. What do you swear to me by - A. I never lost sight of him, and I noticed his face.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUGGET
               



            . I am a labourer in the East India Docks. and live in Charles-street, Commercial-road. I was coming along the Commercial-road and heard the cry of "Stop thief!" I ran round and crossed the prisoner in the fields; Mr. Price was pursuing him, they were the only two in the fields; he jumped across a ditch, stumbled, and I secured him. Mr. Price came up instantly, and said he was the man. He said he was running after the man, but there was nobody before him. He resisted being taken to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the field and all at once heard the cry, and saw a parcel of people coming; a man passed me and got over the ditch, I followed him - lost him - and a gentleman took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
