





877. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 65 pieces of printed paper, value 1s. 2d.; 296 wood-cuts, value 4s. 8d.; 150 copper-plate impressions, value 5s.; 70 printed books, value 11s. 8d.; 3 printed books, value 3s.; 13 books, value 2s., and 86 other printed books, value 16s. 8d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Cumberland
               




            , his master.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Cumberland desired me, on the 18th of March, to go to his warehouse in Blackfriars


; the prisoner came out, and I stopped him - I took him to a yard opposite, and searched him - I found these covers in his hat, and these wood-cuts. I took him to the Compter, and them went with Mr. Cumberland to his lodging, where we found some copper-plates, cuts, and other things. When I took them out of his hat I asked what they were - he said waste paper, and he wanted to paper his room with them - I asked if his master allowed him waste paper, and he said No.


                  TERENCE 
                  TIERNEY
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live at the corner of Rossell-court, Drury-lane. Some of Dolby's Plays were brought to me by a female, whom I have seen since at Guildhall - she told me her name was Shields.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELKER
               



            . I am a bookseller. Between the 10th and 17th of March, a woman brought some books to my house - I saw her at Guildhall; she said there that she was the prisoner's wife; he was present, and did not deny it.


                  HENRY 
                  YORKE BRACE
               



            . I am a bookseller. Twenty-six of Dolby's Plays were brought to me on the 10th of March, by a woman, who appears since to be the prisoner's wife; she came to me again, and I gave information to the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  CUMBERLAND
               



            . I live on Ludgate-hill, and am a bookseller
 - I have a warehouse in Play-house-yard, and the prisoner was my warehouse-man
, and had the whole care of that warehouse. I received some information, and employed an officer to watch his proceedings. On the 18th of March I went with the officer to Play-house-yard, and remained at some distance, while he took the prisoner down a gate way, to search him - these articles are all mine - I never gave him any perquisites. I can swear to these Percy Aneedotes, by a blank place being left for the name.
Prisoner. Q. Were not a great number of these plates and books lying under foot in the warehouse for any one to take? A. No; I employed you to take them to the warehouse, and put them away - they are now in a course of sale, and have been so these four or five years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
