





711. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 5th of April
, five sacks, value 1 s., one fowl, value 1 s., one bridle, value 1 s., one pair of girths, value 4 d., one gimblet, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nicholson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I live in Hornsey-lane


. On Thursday night, the 6th of April, at half-past eight o'clock, I saw these things safe in a shed adjoining my house; the door was fastened by a strap - I missed them next morning, the fowl was alive.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live at Upper Holloway, and am a baker - three sacks of mine were in Nicholson's possession.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I am a watchman; my beat is about a mile from the prosecutors. About ten minutes before three o'clock I saw the prisoner with a sack on his back, I asked what was in it; he said, some sacks; that he met two men in the road, about five miles back, who told him to take the sack up, and take them to some inn in town; he could not tell the sign, or where it was, and that when they got to the inn they would give him some beer; I found the articles stated in the indictment in it - the fowl was quite warm, and its head wrung off.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watchhouse - I found a gimblet in his pocket which Nicholson claims.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was distressed - two vagabonds led me into this scrape.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
