





1153. 
               
                  
                     ARTHUR 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 book, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Branch
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Old-street


. On the 20th of May, when I came home, I was informed that this book, which is mine, had been offered for sale to Mr. Daniel - it had been taken from my window while I was out.


                  EDWARD 
                  DANIEL
               



            . The prisoner offered this book to me for sale, on the 20th of May; I refused to purchase it, but detained him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody, and bring the book.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANCH
               



            . This is my book.
Prisoner's Defence. My mother died three months ago, and left me this and some more books; I being out of work, went to sell it, and was sent to the watch-house; the officer asked if he could swear to it; he said there was no mark on it, but he bought it with some more books.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I only bought the book that morning, and gave 4s. for it; I saw that the litle page of it had been mended - the prisoner asked me, in Mr. Daniel's shop, to pardon him, and said he knew he should he transported.
Prisoner. No, I did not; you said you had had two people transported before.


                  EDWARD 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I heard him ask Branch to pardon him; it was against the prosecutor's wish that he was taken, but having had losses myself, I felt it my duty to detain him; when he first brought the book, he said as he does now, but I felt suspicious.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
