






THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury,
45. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  




               
             were indictedfor 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, twelve box scales and sectors, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bleuler
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BLEULER
               



            . I am an optician
, and live on Ludgate-street


. On the 24th of October, twelve box scales, and twelve sectors were on my compter, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, wrapped up in paper. Lee came in about five and asked the price of a magic lantern, he looked at some slides - I had occasion to turn my back to get them - he stood alone at the compter, and went away without buying any thing. I did not see Russell that I know of; there was a person waiting outside, looking in at the shop. I cannot tell who it was. In the afternoon of the next day, the officer called. I did not miss them till he shewed them me - they were in the same paper as when they laid on my compter. I had not sold them. I saw the prisoners at Bow-street, two or three days after, and am certain of Lee.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners in company together, going into the gallery entrance of the Adelphi theatre, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, on the 24th of October. I went in after them, and brought them out. I found the scales and sectors on Russell, tied in brown paper, and wrapped up in a handkerchief - he said he bought them of a Jew for four shillings, but did not say where. I found Mr. Bleuler's name on them, and he claimed them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I saw the things found on Russell, he said he gave a Jew 4 s. for them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
LEE's Defence. I had been on business for my father, was returning, and on Ludgate-hill, seeing a magic lantern in the window, I went to ask the price. I was going to the theatre to keep a place for my father, and met Russell in the Strand, who went with me.
RUSSELL'S Defence. I do not know where the shop is, we had not been in company above ten minutes when we were taken. On the 23d of October, the day before I was taken, I had been to my master's to enquire about a situation, having lost it through illness, and in the Borough I saw a Jew boy, who said he would sell me some rules, which I bought for four shillings, for a glazier, who I knew wanted some. I was waiting to meet the glazier at the corner of Richardson-street - I saw Lee and went with him.
LEE - GUILTY. Aged 18.
RUSSELL - GUILTY. Aged 15.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
