





295. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SINCLAIR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, one axe, value 2 s.; one adze, value 2 s.; one saw, value 3 s.; two augurs, value 1 s.; one drawing knife, value 1 s.; and one pair of pincers, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Davies
                        



                     
                  ; one plane, value 3 s.; one adze, value 2 s.; one spoke shave, value 1 s., and one hammer, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Dwight
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a wheelwright
. On the morning of the 24th of December, I missed these articles from my shop, and found them at the office with the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  GALLOWAY
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. On the 23d of December, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner in Fore-street, Limehouse, with these tools; he said they belonged to him, and that he belonged to the 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



            , collier. I said I should see him go on board; he then said they were not his, and he did not belong to the vessel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHALK
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found the spoke shave in his pocket - he said he found it four days before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the spoke shave. I never had the others.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
