





1613. 
               
                  MARY 
                  KEEFE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Potts
                     




                  , her master, 4 stockings, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; 1 yard of ribbon, value 1s.; 4 doyleys, value 8d.;1/2 of a yard of cotton, value 1d., and 10 sovereigns
            , his property.


                  SOPHIA 
                  POTTS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Potts. We keep the Royal Oak public-house, Red Lion-passage




 - the prisoner was about five months in our service - I found a pair of stockings, marked with my name, under her pillow - I had lost the stockings out of a drawer, in my daughter's room, three weeks before; we have no lodgers - it was possible for a man to get up stairs in the day-time; I found two odd stockings under her bolster - I had lost the two pair; I let them remain - I looked under the bolster next morning, and found two more odd ones of my daughter's, marked with her name in full - I then sent for Duke, who searched her box, and found two handkerchiefs, some ribbon, and other things.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I found these things in the prisoner's box.
MRS. POTTS. Here are four stockings, a handkerchief, and this piece of ribbon, which I know to be mine - the sovereigns were in the same drawer.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When the sovereigns were lost, did you not tell her about them? A. Yes, I had so much confidence in her; she did offer me her keys to search her box; she said it was unpleasant to be suspected, and cried - I said, I was sure she would not rob me of a needlefull of thread I had such a good opinion of her - she had lived with the people who kept the house before; they discharged her, and I not having a servant, kept her; one or two young men used to come to talk to her - I have a daughter, but no man comes to see her - the handkerchief was marked, and here is where the threads have been picked out; I have the roll the ribbon was cut from; one stocking was found in her box, and the rest in her bed.
COURT. Q. What do you say about the ribbon? A. The Magistrate matched it with the roll; it tallies exactly, and the quantity is the same as is missing.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not offer that if she would confess her guilt, you would not prosecute her? A. I did before she was committed; I said I was particularly fond of her, and if she would confess her guilt I would not appear against her; her father came afterwards, and said he did not think I should go on with it - I said, I must go on, as he had gone to the extreme; she did not confess - I did not wish to prosecute.
Prisoner's Defence. She wanted to introduce me to a gentleman; she is as bad as any unfortunate girl, or she would not bring another man up to her bed instead of herhusband; a man said it would be 5l. in my pocket if I would not expose her: the stockings were in another room, among some rubbish; she should be in prison instead of me.


                  SOPHIA 
                  POTTS
               



            . On my soul and oath it is all false; if the prisoner can prove that, I am to be censured.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I found the ribbon, handkerchief, and one stocking in the box, and three stockings in her bed; when I pulled out the ribbon she said she had purchased that at a shop herself; she opened the box herself with a key.


                  DENNIS 
                  KEEFE
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. The prosecutrix told me if I would advise my daughter to acknowledge her guilt she should not appear against her to do her any harm.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
