





517. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 2 sheets of brown paper, value 1d.; 120 copy-books, value 3l. 10s.; 10 quires of paper, called quarto post, value, 10s., and 2 quires of note paper, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Louisa 
                     Dibbin
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Barry
                  



               
             and another.


                  HENRY 
                  DIBBIN
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Dibbin
               



            , proprietor of Gerards' Hall inn, Basing-lane




. On the 17th of January I saw the prisoner brought into the yard, with this parcel, by the book-keeper: the prisoner is a stranger.


                  HENRY 
                  DALBY
               



            . I am book-keeper at Gerards' Hall. On the 17th of January I met the prisoner coming out of the yard with this parcel, carrying it in front of him - it weighed nearly half a cwt.; he had not got quite outside the yard - he was a stranger: he passed me, and went down Basing-lane; I ran into the office, and then ran and caught him in Watling-street, with it; I had seen the parcel inside the warehouse three minutes before: I asked where he got it - he told me to let him go; he would not go with me - I was obliged to carry him; I found the parcel entered in our books - it was to go to Gravesend: Mr. Dibbin had entered it, and the book is here.

                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I picked up this parcel, and sent it to Gerards' Hall - it contained the articles stated in the indictment, and belonged to 
               
                  James 
                  Barry
               



             and another.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
