





909. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHARP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, a turner, value 2 s. 6 d.; an anvil, value 1 s., and a screw wrench, value 1 s. 6 d., the goods of John Brown; a saw, value 3 s.; a buz, value 4 s.; a spoke shave, value 1 s.; three augers, value 3 s.; an adze, value 3 s.; a plane, value 2 s., and a basket, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dunnett
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a wheelwright. The prisoner worked for me some time before the 23d of April. I missed some saws, planes, and other things on a Saturday evening, and on the following Monday the prisoner was taken to the watch-house - I asked him what he had done with the tools; he said he had not seen any - the watchman said, "How can you say so, when I saw you come out with a basket of tools at half-past four o'clock on Saturday morning;" he then began to cry, and said he had taken them, and sold them on the road.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRIERLAY
               



            . On Saturday morning, the 23d of April, I saw the prisoner come out of the premises at half-past four o'clock, with a basket of tools - he said he was going to a job of work in the brick fields, to cut up some planks - that it was his master's job, and not his own. On the Monday, when Mr. Brown told me he was in the watch-house, I found him there, and said to him, "You rogue, if I had known you to be a thief, I would have taken you" - he made no reply.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am a headborough. I asked the prisoner on Tuesday morning what he had done with the tools, as I heard he had informed his master he had taken them - he said he had sold them to some people on the road, that he did not know the names of the places, but would shew me; I went with him, and found the whole of these tools.
THOMAS DUNNETT. I am a wheelwright
, and work at Mr. Brown's. I lost some of my tools, which are here.


                  JAMES 
                  COX
               



            . I live in the Borough. I bought this anvil of the prisoner on the 23d of April - he said it was his own, and he wanted to make a little money.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
