





1207. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ATKINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 63 yards of kerseymere, value 11l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fryer, the elder




            .


                  JOHN 
                  FRYER, JUN
               



            . I am the son of John Fryer - he is a clothier
 and lives at Trowbridge. I carried some kerseymere to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bailey
               



            , at Seven-dials, on the morning of the 17th of May. About two o'clock that day the prisoner came into a public-house, near Aldgate, where I was, and asked to look at some drab kerseymere - I showed him some, and told him it was 4s. a yard; he said he would not give more than 3s. 6d. - I said I had a piece at Mr. Bailey's, and asked if he would look at it- he said he did not mind; we went to a public-house near the Seven-dials; I went to Mr. Bailey's and fetched the kerseymere - he looked at it, and we agreed for him to have it at 3s. 6d. a yard; he then took a cheque out of his pocket - I looked at it and said I did not like it, and asked him if he would go with me to Mr. Bailey's; he said he would; I took the cheque, and asked him again to go to Mr. Bailey's - he said he had paid it in cash, and that was enough; I asked if I could get it cashed - he said it was too late that night; he drew the cheque in my presence; there were sixty-three yards of the kerseymere, and it came to 11l. 0d. 6d.; on Monday, the 19th, I took the cheque to the bankers, and they said there were no effects - I gave the same cheque to the officer; I left the kerseymere with the prisoner and Mr. Oxley at the public-house - I found the prisoner again on the Monday, in a court near Aldgate, in bed; I had got the direction where he lived from a public-house - this is the cheque.
This was a cheque on Messrs. Glyns for 11l. 6d. signed John Atkinson.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What time did you first see the prisoner? A. Between two and three o'clock - I was in the public-house when he came in; I knew Oxley before this - Carpenter, a friend of mine, was there; I do not know that he and Oxley were acquainted together; Oxley went to find him to buy the kerseymere - there was a good deal of bargaining between us; it was at my request that the prisoner went to look at the kerseymere - a bill was made and a receipt given for the money; Oxley made the bill at the prisoner's request - I did not say I was no scholar; Oxley had a ready reckoner in his pocket, and made the bill from that - it was about 10 o'clock at night; I do not know the sign of the public-house - I am told the prisoner is very respectably connected; Oxley is in Whitecross-street prison; I had no difficulty in finding Atkinson - he was tipsy; I do not know whether the cheque was filled up by Oxley's desire.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIGGINS
               



            . I am a carpenter and joiner. On Monday week Fryer came to my house as I know his father; he told me what had happened, and I went and inquired for Atkinson - we found him in bed; I asked him him for the cloth - he said, "Every one of you out of my room, or I will blow your brains out;" he was then taken.


                  ALBION 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I was at the public-house with the prisoner and Fryer - it is in White Lion-street, Sevendials


; Atkinson agreed to give us 3s. 6d. a yard for the kerseymere - we wanted 4s.; he took his pocket-book out and took out this cheque, and wrote part of it; we said, "It is of no use to write more, we don't like cheques" he said, "I always give cheques - I never carry money about with me;" we wanted him to go to Mr. Bailey's with us to see if the cheque was good, but when we got the cheque he declined going with us; we then went home to our lodgings - we are not in the habit of giving credit to strangers.


                  OWEN 
                  THOMAS WILLIAMS
               



            . I am clerk to Sir Richard Carr Glyn and Co. I know nothing of the prisoner, nor any person of his name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am an officer. I found the kerseymere in pawn in St. Martin's-lane, in the name of Oxley.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly should not have been induced to purchase this, but through Mr. Oxley, who is their salesman; he stated that they had two cuds of kerseymere, which he thought would answer my purpose; I said I had no cash, but I knew he had a banker's bill for 20l., and asked if they would take that; he said they would not- I said, "Very likely they would take a bill of a month from me;" he said they would not; I said, "Very well, I can't become a customer;" this was before we left the Carthusian Arms public-house; we then went to the Yorkshire Grey public-house, near the Seven-dials, and I remained there while they went and fetched the kerseymere; the cheque was given, and the money would have been ready by twelve o'clock on the Monday, but I was ill; and they came like lions or tigers, and dragged me out of my bed; if I had acted according to my own feelings, I would have knocked the whole three of them down, but I went quietly to Guildhall with them.
COURT to FRYER. Q. Was Oxley your father's agent? A. Yes, he was so about six weeks ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
