






25. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HENLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COCHRANE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Henry 
                        Ryder
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM HENRY RYDER. I live in Norton-folgate, and am a tailor
. On the 5th of November, I was looking at the Lord Mayor's carriage, at Mr. Windus', in Bishopsgate-street


; there were about fifteen people there - I felt myself hustled, and put my hand to my pocket-book, which I found safe, and went on, and in a minute I found my handkerchief was gone - I did not miss it till I got home - I live about two hundred yards from Mr. Windus' - my attention was more particularly directed to my pocket-book when I was hustled - I was not above a minute going to my own house - I know I had my handkerchief safe two minutes before I went up to Windus' - I saw two lads walk away, but I never saw the prisoners' faces, till to night; they were committed before I got before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined by MR. SMITH. Q. You did not feel your handkerchief when you felt your pocket-book? A. I felt both my pockets, and thought it was safe; my attention was principally directed to my pocket-book - I think it impossible it could have been taken any where but at Windus' - I was hustled there - I stopped at no other place; no one was near me all the way home; it was between eleven and twelve o'clock - Mr. Windus' house is in the City.


                  PHILIP 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I was in Bishopsgate-street, near Mr. Windus'; my attention was attracted by seeing a party of persons round his shop - I went there, and saw the Lord Mayor's carriage - I did not see Mr. Ryder to know his person; the first I saw was Henley turning up the cuff of his coat, and Cochrane close by him; they looked me full in the face - I did not know them before, nor do I know that they have ever seen me - suspecting them I went a round about way, and came to the house - I went into a public-house directly opposite Mr. Windus', and had a clear view of the prisoners, through the glass of the door - I saw them attempt the pockets of several persons, and the baskets of females; they moved away from the spot several times, and talked together; I saw them both press against a person, whom I suppose to be the prosecutor - I saw Henley draw a handkerchief from that person's pocket, at Mr. Windus' door; he put it under his coat, without putting it into his pocket, and ran off, followed by Cochrane - I crossed the road, got before Henley, seized him round the waist, and took the handkerchief - Cochrane was rather before Henley, and as soon as he saw me take Henley, he turned back - I called Stop him! and he came towards me - I took him into a tobacconist's-shop - Mr. Ryder's name is at full length on the handkerchief in ink - I found him out by the Directory, and he claimed it.
Prisoner HENLEY. Q. Will you swear you saw the handkerchief taken from that gentleman? A. I saw it taken from a gentleman; he had a dark coat on, either black or olive - I could see your countenance for twenty minutes; when I called Stop him! Cochrane stopped directly, and came to me; my partner was with me; we were going to see his son, who is in service, and he went into a sadler's-shop at the time this happened.
Cross-examined by MR. SMITH. Q. Why not tell me you had another officer with you? A. Mr. Hobler did not think it proper to bind him over, as he did not see the transaction - directly I called Stop him! Cochrane turned round, and came to me - Henley was certainly the most active person; they both pressed against the prosecutor; I suppose it to be the prosecutor. I have been an officer for five years.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENLEY's Defence. I was coming up Petticoat-lane, and saw a Jew with some clothes, and the handkerchief; he offered it as a bargain, for 4s. - I said I had but 2s. 6d.; he would not take less than 3s. 6d., which I gave him - I put it into my breast, as another person might; it has now become a fashionable way; I was going along Bishopsgate-street, looking at the carriage; this lad came up, and asked what was the matter; the pressure was so great, I could not get near to see - I pushed into the crowd and saw it was a carriage - I walked on, and the officer came and took me; he called to the prisoner, who was crossing the road, and he came to him.
Cochrane received a good character.
COCHRANE - GUILTY. Aged 14.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HENLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
