





36. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 1 pair of spectacles, value 30s., and 11 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Norman
                     




                  , from his person
            .

MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I live in Somersetshire, but I was staying at a house in Park-street. On the 11th of November, I had dined with a Mr. Saunders, and left his house about half-past eleven o'clock at night; I called a coach in St. Giles - I had eleven sovereigns, and two or three shillings in my pocket; I had a pair of silver spectacles in my waistcoat pocket - I told the driver, to drive to St. James'-street; I had drank pretty freely, and told the coachman I was intoxicated - he took me to Leicester-square


, but did not stop at the pavement; I was astonished he did not stop at the pavement, but I got out, and I then saw the prisoner, who said he would go and have an oyster with me - I put my hand into my waistcoat-pocket, and found I had no silver - I then felt in my trousers pocket, and missed my sovereigns; I seized the prisoner by the collar, and said, "This man or the coachman has robbed me;" the coachman called the Police-officer, and I gave the prisoner into custody - I was not sensible of his being in the coach; my spectacles were shewn me the next morning at the office.
COURT. Q.Can you say whether the prisoner was in the coach? A. I could not say whether any one was with me in the coach - I am certain my money was secure when I got into the coach.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect being in Soho-square? A. I certainly was not; I had no female with me - I gave nobody money for particular purposes; I was not holding my hat in my hand.
Prisoner. One of the females said, "You have not given me any money;" you felt your pocket, dropped your spectacles, and said, to me "You seem a respectable man, I wish you would see me home, and call a coach;" and I did. Witness; I deny it all - I called the coach myself; I had a watch, but I was not in Soho-square - I told the coachman to drive to where I stated; I do not know that it was in the way to go through Leicester-square - I did not propose to stop the coach, and say I would take you to an oyster-shop, and treat you; you were a stranger to me.
Prisoner. Did I not in Leicester-square offer to pay the coach, and then found I had no silver; the coachman said we were both strangers, and he wished us to have another coach - I said I would go to Mr. Percy's, and get change; the coachman was not satisfied with that, and I gave my watch, as security, and you asked me to go and have an oyster with you. Witness. I asked the coachman the fare, and he said 1s. - I put my hand into my pocket, missed my money, and took you by the collar; you could not have escaped while the officer was called - I have to regret I was asleep, or I should have put you or any man out of the window, who had come into the coach without my consent.
GEORGE SAUNDERS. I am a portrait painter, and live in Edward-street, Portman-square; the prosecutor dined with me on the day in question - he left my house a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, and was drunk.
GEORGE GREEN. I am a hackney coachman. On the morning of the 11th of November I was near St. Giles', at the end of Oxford-street, and took the prosecutor into my coach - he was very drunk; the prisoner was with him - the prosecutor told me to drive to St. James'-street; he said, "I am very drunk;" I said, "It is a dull heart that never rejoices;" I asked the prisoner if he knew the gentleman - he said Yes, and that he was going with him - he ordered me to go to Leicester-square; when I got to Leicester-place, the prisoner told me to turn to the left - I did so, and he told me to stop on the stand, and said, "D-n you, can't you hear?" I said, "I am on the stand;" I got down, went to the door, and to the best of my belief, by the voice, the prosecutor said, "Draw to the pavement;" I did so - the prisoner got out first, and the prosecutor next; I am sure the prisoner got in, and got out - the prosecutor asked the fare; I said 1s. - he put his hand to his waistcoat pockets, then in his trousers pockets, and said he had no money; the prisoner said, "Never mind, I will pay the coachman - you stop there;" he then took the prosecutor's arm, and said, "We will go and eat some oysters;" I said, "A shilling, is a shilling to me, and I don't know you;" the prisoner again said, "You stop there," and he gave me his watch to hold - they walked forward; I followed them for thirty or forty yards - the prosecutor then said he had been robbed by the prisoner or me - he laid hold of the prisoner; I said I will call the Police, which I did, and Slark came - I told him the number of my chariot; he said he was going to St. James' watch-house, and I followed them to the Quadrant.
Q. Where was your chariot when you were called? A. I was coming home down Oxford-street, near St. Giles' - I was coming to Eagle-street, where I live; the prosecutor and prisoner were standing together.


                  THOMAS 
                  SLARK
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police, and am stationed in St. Martin's-street. I was called, and took the prisoner in Leicester-square; the prosecutor charged him with taking eleven sovereigns from him, but mentioned nothing else at that time: I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and found on him nine sovereigns and these silver spectacles - I saw the prosecutor the next day, and he mentioned about his spectacles to the other officer.
Prisoner. Q.Did I object to go with you? A. Yes; you wanted to go to a public-house - the prosecutor was very tipsy; I took hold of the prisoner's arm - he could not have thrown away the spectacles without my seeing him; I do not know whether he had time to have thrown them away before I came - I held him part of the way, when I saw he wanted to shuffle away; Bond and I searched him together - three sovereigns and the spectacles were found in his coat pocket behind.
GEORGE GREEN. The coach was called about ten minutes after twelve.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. You have heard my questions, and I leave my case in your hands.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
