





443. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BREWHOUSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, two baskets, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bishop
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYLOCK
               



            . I am a headborough. I know Mr. Bishop's shop in Chiswell-street


. On Thursday last, a little after five o'clock, I, and another officer, saw the prisoner, and several others, near the shop - the prisoner went up to the shop, took hold of a basket in his hand, and tried to lift it from a hook - he tried three times, and the fourth time he got down a basket and a shallow; we took him four or five yards of with this basket - the shallow he had dropped.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM BENNETT
               



            . I was with Haylock, and saw what he has stated; the prisoner had got about five yards from the end of the window, and the door was at the other end of the window.
JOHN BISHOP. I am a basket and toy-maker
. These baskets were brought into my shop - I could not swear to them; I had two such baskets hanging up in the morning, when I went out - I returned in the evening, and found fault with my boy for not having taken them down; the officer then came and brought them in - I believe they are what were hung up in the morning, and they were so hung that one would fall in taking them down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I live with John Bishop. I saw the two officers with the prisoner; I looked to see if two baskets, which had been at the door, were safe, and they were gone - I had seen them safe five or ten minutes before.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Whitecross-street, and on looking at one of these baskets, the other fell down - I was going to pick it up, and the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
