






625. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, one pair of gloves, value 2 s., and one handkerchief, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live in Whitecross-street


. Brown came into the shop about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and while the apprentice was attending to her, I saw Murphy lay her arm on the counter, where the gloves and handkerchief were. The apprentice gave me information, I came out and said to Murphy,
"You have something which does not belong to you in your pockets, turn them out." She produced the gloves. I said,
"You have something more;" she then produced a cravat. Brown began crying, and said,
"Peggy, how could you serve me so - this is the second, time you have got me into a scrape." I gave them in charge. I found Brown had been sent by her mistress to buy cotton.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS HARRISON
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. Brown asked for a ball of cotton, but bought none, as she was stopped - Murphy placed her arm over the counter, covered the things with her apron, and drew them into her pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MURPHY'S Defence. I am quite innocent.
BROWN'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
