







FOURTH DAY, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1. OLD COURT.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1393. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     BARRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September

, a shift, value 5 s.; two pinafores, value 2 s.; six handkerchiefs, value 8 s.; two towels, value 2 s.; two caps, value 10 s.; a pair of stockings, value 2 s.; twelve yards of bugle trimming, value 12 s., and a petticoat, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Backler
                        



                     
                  , her master
; a waistcoat, value 10 s.; a diamond pin, value 10 l.; a segar case, value 5 s., and a locket, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Pellatt
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Backler
                     



; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving a waistcoat, a petticoat, a handkerchief, and two pinafores, part of the said goods, she well knowing them to have been stelon
            .
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BACKLER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Backler
               



            , who is a cupper
, and rents a house in Berners-street, Oxford-street



 - Barry was our servant. On the 28th of September, in consequence of having missed property I sent for Craig, who searched her boxes, and found a variety of property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of September I searched three boxes, which Mrs. Backler pointed out to me; the prisoner was present; and before I searched them, I asked her if she knew anything of a diamond pin, and a locket which were lost; she denied it at first, and then said she had found the pin, but knew nothing of the locket; she went up stairs with us, one of her trunks was open, and another locked; the third was a small tea chest. I found two stiffners in her pocket; in the open trunk was the trimming, and several things, and in the other trunk several caps and articles of linen; and in her tea chest, I found the diamond pin - she said she knew it was in some of her boxes, but could not tell which. I forget whether the tea chest was locked. I went to Murphy's house with a warrant, and found a waistcoat, a petticoat, and other things; she was not at home, but her husband was. I afterwards saw her, and she said she had bought them of different people in the street.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not know that to be a diamond pin - A. I am told that it is.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PELLATT
               



            . I lived at the prosecutor's house. This diamond pin and locket are mine, and the waistcoat. I missed the pin and locket on the 27th of September; I had seen them two or three days before, and had left them in a box unlocked.
Cross-examined. Q. Are there any children in the house - A. Yes, one of them is twelve years old. I had put the property among some fishing tackle.
COURT. Q. How long had you lived there - A. Three years. I wore the pin every day; the prisoner must have known it to be mine. I paid 13 l. for it about six months ago, to Mr. Fletcher, a lapidary, of Marlborough-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BARRY'S Defence. The box which the things were found in is not mine - I had lent my mistress a trunk when she went into the country, and she gave me one of hers to put my things in. I never saw these things till they were found.
MRS. BACKLER. Two of the trunks belonged to her; some of the property was in them, and some in one which I had lent her, having had an accident with hers, and sent it to be repaired - the tea chest belonged to her, and was locked. and she produced the key of it after some hesitation.
MR. PELLATT re-examined. I have tried the pin, and know it to be a diamond.
BARRY-GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Of stealing to the value 39 s. only
            .



               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
MURPHY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
