






161. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WITHERS
               





             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 1 watch, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William John 
                  Foster
               




            .
WILLIAM JOHN FOSTER. I am a silversmith
, and live at Guildford


. I went out, and left a watch in my window, when I returned in the evening it was gone - I found it in the officer's possession - I am not certain whether it was on the 25th or 18th of October.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOKE
               



            . On the 25th of October, as I returned from work, I saw the prisoners at the corner of Stingo-lane - they crossed over, and asked me to buy this watch; I said I wanted one, and asked where they got it; they said they had found it, and wanted 30s. for it - I said I had not the money; but gave them a time-piece and 5s., and was to give them 5s. more - I afterwards pawned the watch at Wissett's - I knew Withers before.


                  THOMAS 
                  RILEY
               



            . I live with 
               
                  William 
                  Wissett
               



             - Cook pawned this watch for 10s.


                  JAMES 
                  BURCHMORE
               



            . I am a prisoner in the House of Correction. I went with the two prisoners in October last - we set off to go to Portsmouth in order to go to sea - we went to Guildford - they said we had better not go all together into town, as the people would look at us - this was on a Wednesday - they told me to stop behind; but I followed gently after them - I saw them go into the prosecutor's shop - I did not see the name on the door - Harding went and staid a little time - Withers stood at the door and window - when Harding came out, they walked on very fast - I went, and asked what they walked so fast for - Harding said, "Never mind, we have only got a silver watch;" he pulled it out of his pocket, and gave it to Withers - I saw it was a silver-hunter - we went to Portsmouth and returned from there in a week, on a Tuesday - I saw Cooke on the Thursday morning, and he had bought this watch the day before; and on Saturday, I told Buckeridge of it - I had no share in the produce of it.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKRIDGE
               



            . In consequence of what Burchmore told me, I went to Harding's house; they denied him; but I found him concealed in the back-parlour- and in taking him to the watch-house, I told him it was for stealing a watch at Guildford, and some pen-knives and other things at Portsmouth; he said he did not care, there were more in it, and they must all fare alike; I afterwards took Withers, and have been since looking for one Suter; but have not found him.
WITHERS' Defence. I was going down the town, and Harding picked up the watch; we gave it to Suter; who returned it as we came to town, and sold it to Cooke.
HARDING's Defence. I say the same.
WITHERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HARDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
