





970. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Carlton
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Carlton
                     



.
WILLIAM CARLTON. I am coachman to the Right Hon. the Chancellor of the Exchequer

. This affair happened on the 2d instant in the Treasury-yard


, about ten minutes after twelve o'clock; I was cleaning myself to go out with the carriage; an alarm was given that my child was taken out of the yard; the prisoner persuaded another little girl to leave her; the child wore the same handkerchief round her neck as she wears now - her name is Jane.


                  HANNAH 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am a servant out of place. I knew this little girl before this happened; I saw her at play in the yard - she had this handkerchief about her neck - this was about half-past eleven o'clock - she is four years old- as soon as I heard the child was lost I ran through the Treasury-passage into the park, and then through the Horse-guards; I turned into Whitehall, when I saw the prisoner standing on some steps with the child hid behind him; the handkerchief was taken from her neck, and lay by her side; it had been previously tied as it is now - the Treasury-yard is more than twenty yards from where I found the prisoner; the alarm was given in every direction that the child was stolen; I seized hold of the prisoner and held the child.


                  MARY 
                  HALLIDAY
               



            . I know Jane Carlton, and saw her at play in the Treasury-yard on the 2d of May - my parents live there, and I saw the prisoner there; he was standing close by us - we were all playing together - at that time she had the handkerchief round her neck - the prisoner asked me to go and see what o'clock it was; I told him I had my little brother to attend to; he said, I might take him with me; when I said I was not willing to go, he said he would give me a half-penny; so I went and left the little girl - I had a suspicion, and I watched him as long as I could - he got off the stone, and went down some steps; I went and asked a lady what o'clock it was - I then went back, and the prisoner and the little girl were both gone; I ran to see if Jane was up stairs; I told them every thing; I went and told her mother.
WILLIAM CARLTON re-examined. I think it is sixty yards from where the prisoner was found, to where the child had been at play; he had got the child on some dark steps in a dark part of the passage; when I went down I met Miss Hunt bringing the prisoner by force; the child said "Father, the man took my handkerchief" - she cried at the time - she said the prisoner said he took it off to put some cakes in; the place was so dark and retired where he had got the child, that he might have completely stripped her unobserved.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
