





1918. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 5 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 2 half-crowns; 1 shilling and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        William Brown 
                        Westcott
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BROWN WESTCOTT. I am an accountant
, and live at Pentonville. On the 10th of August, about eleven o'clock, I was passing homeward from Fleet-street, up Fleet-market, I met the prisoner and two others - they pressed me to give them gin. I refused, but at last consented - I went into a house and gave them some - I had none myself. I came out and saw no more of them till I got about fifty yards, when the prisoner rushed by me, and took out my purse with five sovereigns and a half in it from my pocket - the silver was loose in my pocket; she ran away. I pursued her up the market calling Stop thief! and caught hold of her gown at the top of themarket - she turned round, and said "There is your purse," giving it to me, but it was empty; the watchman came up and took her. I said, "You had better give me the money, or you will be transported;" she said, "That is just what I wish."


                  JAMES 
                  TARR
               



            . I am a watchman. I received her in charge; the prosecutor had got hold of her; I took her in the watch-house - he said she had stolen five sovereigns and a half - I found two half-crowns, one shilling and two sixpences in her hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house about half-past ten o'clock.
WILLIAM BROWN WESTCOTT. I could not find the sovereigns - we searched the market all over. I never lost sight of her. I gave charge of a man who was said to be acquainted with her.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - a friend gave me the silver; he brought a woman to Guildhall to swear falsely against me, and promised her a new gown.
PROSECUTOR. It is false - a woman said, as I was going along, "Are you the gentleman who was robbed?" I said Yes - she said, "I saw that woman soliciting money from other people for gin," and I thought her evidence might be of use. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
