





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
12. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     GIBBONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, one watch, value 6 l.; one chain, value 30 s.; two seals, value 30 s., and one key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Findlay
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FINDLAY
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 3d of November, I met the prisoner about eleven o'clock at night. I went to a house with her, but do not know where - we went to bed. I awoke at four o'clock in the morning, she was gone, and my watch and appendages. I had left it in my pocket - I slept in my clothes. My brother and cousin were with me, and came to the door to awake me. I found a pocket and some duplicates in the room, by which means I found her in bed, alone. I said I would give her two sovereigns to produce my watch - she said she knew nothing about it. My brother found it in the bed without the cases. She was quite intoxicated. I said if she would say where the cases were I would give her a sovereign - she would not and I called the officer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor gave me the watch. She claimed the duplicates found in the room. I delivered them to her I believe, by order of the Magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him with two young men and another woman, and went with them. He only had enough to pay for the room, and gave me his watch instead of money. I gave him my direction, Brown Bear-alley.


                  GEORGE 
                  FINDLAY
               



            . I only had 5 s. I gave her no money, and had not agreed to give her anything. I gave half-a-crown for the bed, and found half-a-crown in my pocket in the morning. I was rather in liquor. I did not give it her to pledge. I am sure I did not entrust her with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
