





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1434. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, a watch, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        Jenkin 
                        Davis
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  BLOOM
               



            . I am sister to Mrs. Davis, of Frog-lane, Lower-road, Islington


. On the 8th of August, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner knocked at the door - I opened it, and asked what he wanted; he gave no answer, but pushed himself into the back-room; I stopped him, and asked what he wanted; he said, "I want to know the rent of your shop;" there was a bill up to let it: I said 4 s. a week. He asked me to lend him a rule, cane, or string, to measure the place; I said I had none: he said, "You can find a bit of string somewhere or other I should think." I went to the cupboard, but could find none, and while I was there he said, "Never mind, I will go home and fetch some." I turned my eye up to the mantel-shelf, where the watch had hung, and it was gone. I ran after him, and before he had got half way along the passage I saw the chain hanging out of his hand; I called out Stop thief! nobody heard me, and he got away, but was brought back in less than an hour, by my sister, who was out when he came. I saw it safe a few minutes before he came - I am certain he is the man.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am the wife of Jenkin Davis. I saw a crowd about my house as I came home, and saw my sister crying; she described the prisoner's person and dress to me - I saw him in less than three quarters of an hour, going towards town, from Islington, with another boy; I did not know him before. I went to several people to lay hold of him, but at last took him myself - I told him he had been in my house, and stolen a watch; he asked what time of day it was, and told me not to catch hold of him - he turned back with me; he and the other lad abused me very much: he said he would punish me for taking hold of him. He had a bundle of matches in one hand, and ballads in the other - he gave them to the other lad; he then took off his hat, and gave him a small parcel about the size of my fist, out of it. I met Cope in a few minutes, and gave him in charge. My sister said he was dressed in a light jacket, nankeen trousers, with a pink stripe in it, and a broken hat - he was dressed so.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I am street-keeper. I was in the Lower-road, and took the prisoner. I found a few matches in his hat; he said he was innocent. He wore a light short jacket, and white trousers.
JENKIN DAVIS. On the 8th of August, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, my watch was safe; I had had it three years, and gave 4 l. for it - I have not found it.
Prisoner's Defence. As soon as she accused me of it I turned back with her.




               GUILTY. Aged 22. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
