






1947. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               




             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HEYLAND
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 108 shirt-buttons, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Biscoe
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  BISCOE
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Biscoe, a shoemaker
, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields


 - these buttons were in the shop-window on the 20th of October - I saw them safe about six o'clock in the evening, and missed them about seven - I know the prisoners, but had not seen them that evening - I know these buttons by the paper, which I had cut in a very particular manner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROWE
               



            . I am a weaver. On the 20th of October, I was in Wheeler-street, near Biscoe's, and saw the prisoners there; Miller put his hand into the window, and took out this card of buttons - Hayland was looking through the window of the door - he received them from Miller, and concealed them under his jacket - they ran across, and I followed them to Miss Westcoat's, in Lamb-street - Miller went in; I had him detained there, and got an officer - Hayland stood opposite, but I could not leave to secure him - I went with the officer to Biscoe's, and saw Hayland go by - I had him secured.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WESTCOAT
               



            . I live in Lamb-street. Miller came into my shop, and asked me to buy this card of buttons - while I was asking how he got them, Rowe came in and had him detained.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am an officer, and took them in charge - Hayland said, he knew nothing of Miller.
MILLER's Defence. I found them, and went to sell them - I had not seen Hayland at all.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROWE
               



            . I am certain Hayland is the boy who took them - I could not secure them both; I beckoned to him, but he would not come - I said, "I shall have you in an hour;" he said, "No, you will not;" there was a strong gas-light; I saw him distinctly three times - I saw him return the buttons to Miller at Westcoat's door.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
HAYLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
