






671. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FINDLATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d March
, a watch, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles Joseph 
                  M'Phael
               




            .
T. M. M'PHALE. My brother Joseph is a jeweller
, and lives in Pope's Head-alley, Cornhill


. On the 23d of March, I was dining in a room adjoining the shop, and saw the prisoners come in together; they asked the price of a watch-key, and offered 5 s. for it, one said he would pay 1 s. off; the other looked at another key, and said,
"Will you pay 1 s. for me." and just at that moment my brother's boy called out,
"Drop that watch." I directed my attention to where the watches are kept, and saw one laying outside the case; it was not there a short time before.


                  MATTHEW 
                  GOVETT
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's service at this time; the prisoners came in. I saw Findlater take a watch out of the glass case and put it into his breeches pocket. I was at the other end of the shop, and called out
"Drop that watch before you go," and he put it on the counter; they were going out of the shop, but Mr. Fergusson detained them; they were five or ten minutes in the shop, and had opened the door of the case to get it.


                  GEORGE 
                  FERGUSSON
               



            . I occupy the next shop to this. I went in and saw the prisoners. Govett told them to drop the watch. I immediately detained them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAMS'S Defence. I was buying a key; he said I had taken a watch. I know nothing of this lad; he was behind me.
FINDLATER'S Defence. He knows nothing of me.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
FINDLATER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
