






1270. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               




             and 
               
                  DAVID 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, 40lbs. of lead, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Tims
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Holbrooke
                     



                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .


                  AMBROSE 
                  CASTLE
               



            . I know the house of John Tims and Frederick Holbrooke, in Windmill-street, in the parish of St. Pancras


; they are in possession of that and some other houses on the same estate.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEMON
               



            . I am watchman of Percy-street, Windmill-street, and Tottenham-court-road. On the 14th of May, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I saw James on one side of the way, and three persons on the other side, in Tottenham-court-road - I noticed them, and saw James and Williams meet in the middle of the street, on a coach-stand, near a gas-light; they then went down on the east side, towards St. Giles' church, and at half-past three they passed between me and the lamp-post - I took particular notice of them - I saw them turn round frequently to look at me; I saw no more of them till three quarters past four o'clock, when they came down Charlotte-street; James had a load on his head, on a porter's knot; the other had nothing; they were walking together - I and Scott stood near my box; I called to James, he turned up Percy-street; I ran after him, and told Scott to take Williams, who immediately buttoned up his coat, and ran away as fast as he could - I secured James with this leaden pipe; there is above 40lbs. of it - I have compared it with No. 9. Windmill-street; it leads from the front area to the cistern; there was in the same bundle two copper coal-scuttles, and a large kettle - Scott brought Williams to the watch-house - James said he was going to some square, and that he had got the things from some back street just by; the edges of the pipe were quite bright, and I should think had been just cut.
Prisoner WILLIAMS. He said at the office, that I was one hundred yards behind James? Witness. I said the same as I do now.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a watchman. Lemon called to James to stop - Williams was close behind him, coming out of Charlotte-street; he buttoned up his coat, and ran as far as Soho-square, where a watchman turned him back, and I took him to the watch-house; he said nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . My mother keeps the house No. 9, Windmill-street. I was there on Saturday, and all was right - I went again on Monday, and could not get in, as the chain was across the door - I saw this pipe fitted to the cistern, and have no doubt it came from there - the edges are about three parts bright, as if that was cut, and the other broken off.
JAMES' Defence. I am a porter. About a quarter-past four o'clock that morning I stood by Meux's brew-house - a man, who looked like a bricklayer, took me to Harford-street - he called me and gave me this lead to carry to Fitzroy-market.
JAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
