





141. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRIANT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roles
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a shopman to Charles Roles, who lives in Wentworth-place, Mile End


. On the 11th of November I was in the shop, and saw a piece of printed cotton suddenly slip from a rail behind which I was standing, about six feet inside the shop. I went to the door, and saw a witness beckoning me - he said, "Come this way, and you'll have him;" we went, and met the prisoner, but he had got rid of the print.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BALLAM
               



            . I live in Dog-row. On the 11th of November, I met the prisoner in the act of putting a piece of print under his coat - Mr. Bromage said, Stop him! I beckoned to Field, and we went down a lane at the back of the house, and met him.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROMAGE
               



            . I saw the prisoner run by me, trying to put the print under his coat. I thought he had stolen it, and cried Stop thief! I gave a signal to Ballam, and he was stopped - the print was found over a wall, six feet from where he was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. I took him into custody with the print.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Red Cow-lane, a gentleman came and said, "That's the boy!" - they accused me of stealing the print. I said, I knew nothing about it, and when they got me to the shop, they began to beat, and knock me about. I had but just left my master's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
