





1095. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     IRON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, two saws, value 5 s.; a chisel, value 9 d., and a gauge, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        James Whittell 
                        Mead
                     



                  ; three saws, value 10 s.; four planes, value 10 s.; two chisels, value 1 s. 6 d.; a screw-driver, value 1 s.; a hammer, value 18 d.; a square, value 2 s., and a gauge, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Rowe 
                           Everett
                        



                     
                  ; four planes, value 10 s.; a square, value 18 d., and a rule, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen William 
                     Manes
                  



               
            .
JAMES WHITTLE MEAD. I am a task-master
. I was at work at the houses in Glaremont-place, Kensington Gravel-pits


, on Monday, the 14th of June, while the men went to dinner; I was walking about the fields - when they returned about one o'clock I missed the tools from the front parlour of one of the houses - it had been fastened by one of the men when they went out. I recollect seeing the prisoner about the buildings that morning. I saws my saw about a fortnight afterwards at Marlborough-street.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WM
               



            . MANES. I am a carpenter
. I was at work in the house, and left my tools on the bench when I went to dinner. I was the last person in the house, and locked it, and put the key in my pocket. I returned about twenty minutes before one, and found they were gone. I found the door in the same state in which I had left it; but the back sash was opened - a nail had been drawn, with which it had been fastened. I afterwards saw my tools at Marlborough-street.


                  JOHN 
                  ROWE EVERETT
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I lost some tools from these premises. I had left them in the house when I went to dinner. I had met the prisoner in the morning at some distance in the fields; and think I have seen him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOFTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square. The prisoner tendered part of the tools to pledge at my shop. I questioned him about them, and, in consequence of his prevarication, I gave him in charge. I think it was on Monday, the 14th of June, about three o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. If I had been guilty, why should I have stopped in the pawnbroker's shop while he got an officer?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
