







583. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     KING
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     PHOEBE 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 30 yards of printed cotton, value 19s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Compigne
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  COMPIGNE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Compigne
               



            , a linen-draper
, of Mile-end-road


. About four o'clock on the 9th of February, King came and wished to look at some prints; I shewed her several - she said they were not genteel enough - I shewed her some others, and then she asked for some more; she offered me 1s. 4d. a yard for one which I asked 1s. 10d. for: after she had detained me about eight or ten minutes, the other two prisoners came in together, and wished to look at a print in the window, which was very difficult to get at; I asked them to take a seat, but King detained me so long that I went and gave them the gown-piece out of the window -I was there, perhaps, about three minutes; I then returned to King, and she said I knew her terms - I said I could not take it; she went out rather fast, and I went to the other two; they said the print I had shown them was not dark enough - Douglas said she was a poor servant, and had seven children, and hoped I would take as little as I could for two dresses - I offered to take off half-a-crown; she had a child which was very troublesome -Norris walked towards the door with it, and they went away; I then stood a bit, went into the parlour, and said I had lost something, I was sure I had, but I did not miss them till Brown, the officer, brought these prints the next day - they are the prints which I had shewn them; this is one which King said was not genteel enough - this one she said was only fit for children's frocks; this she did not like, and this was not enough to make a dress: the prisoners did not speak to each other to my knowledge, and none of them made any purchase.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of February, I saw Douglas and Norris, about ten minutes before five o'clock, on the opposite side of the street, and King was on the same side as I was, with a bundle: I and Waters stopped her at the corner of Church-street, Bethnal-green, and took her into the Adam and Eve public-house - we found all these articles on her, which she said she had bought of a tallyman, who came to her house; I asked if she could tell where he lived, and she said No; we then searched her, and she had no money - we brought her out again, crossed over, and took the other prisoners, and took them all into another public-house; King then said,
"Phoebe, have you been with me to-day?" Douglas said, "No, Nance, have you been with me to-day?" Norris said No; we took King, but let the other two go: but from further information we went again, and took them: last Saturday, as I was going up stairs at the office, I heard Douglas, whose voice I knew, call to a man in the lock-up place, and say, "George, it's all up," for the fatements were on them; he said, "Why did you not go in somewhere, and take them off?" she said, "We had not a bl-y farthing among us:" we took the prisoners about three-quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I was with Brown, and saw Douglas and Norris on the opposite side of the way; I called Brown's attention to them, and at that moment we saw King with the bundle; we took her into the house, and found these things; I then went out, and overtook the other two about one hundred yards off - we found nothing on them, and let them go; but on the Thursday morning we went and took them again - we asked them if they had been in any shop with King: they said No.
KING'S Defence. I never was in the prosecutor's shop- I know nothing of these other women; the things were given me by a tallyman.
DUGLAS'S Defence. I never saw this lady before I was at Worship-street: what the officers have stated is false- they knew me for some time.
NORRIS' Defence. I was not on the same side of the way with King; the time I was first taken I had half a crown in my hand - I had been no higher than Bethnal-green school that day; I had not been in the road at all; on the Tuesday Waters met a lad in the Bethnal-green-road, he asked where I lived, and gave him brandy, and said if he told me of it he would police him.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DOUGLAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
