





1700. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 2 sovereigns, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Zackariah 
                     Brewster
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN BREWSTER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Zackariah 
                  Brewster
               



            , a warehouseman
 - we live in the Curtain-road


, where I keep a milliner's shop. On the 28th of July, about eleven o'clock, I saw my two sovereigns and a sixpence safe in a piece of paper, in the till - I was in the back parlour at half-past twelve o'clock, and heard the lock of the till go - I turned and saw the prisoner with his arms across the counter - I asked what he wanted; he said, "A ready made shirt;" I said, "I keep no such things;" he went out - I looked at the till and missed the money - I ran out caught him, and asked him for the money - he said, he knew nothing about it; I have not found it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and took the prisoner - he said he went in to buy a shirt - he had no money about him, and I said he had no money to pay for it; he said if there had been one to suit him, he should call for it in the evening.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in and knocked on the counter; she said she did not sell shirts - she came out and took me, about two yards off - she went back and took out six or seven sovereigns - she said, "These are not what I want;" there were two in a paper.

MRS. BREWSTER. There were four other sovereigns in another part of the till - I had not been out of the shop a quarter of an hour.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
