






Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
529. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HEATH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, six fenders, value 12 l.; twenty tea-trays, value 10 l.; eighteen tea-pots, value 7 l.; two hundred knives, value 6 l.; one hundred and eighty forks, value 3 l.; three shovels, value 1 l.; three pairs of tongs, value 30 s.; three pokers, value 1 l.; fourteen tea-kettles, value 9 l.; two coal scoops, value 2 l.; forty candlesticks, value 8 l.; thirty-six spoons, value 15 s.; thirty cork-screws, value 35 s.; four pairs of nut-crackers, value 5 s.; four milk-pots, value 14 s.; two sugar-basons, value 11 s., and six fender footmen, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Uriah 
                     Bryant
                  




               
            .
MR. SHORT conducted the prosecution.


                  URIAH 
                  BRYANT
               



            . I live in Beech-street, Barbican, and have a shop
 in Commercial-place, City-road


; my daughter-in-law had the care of the shop - I allow her 10 per cent. upon what is sold, but she is not a partner. I know some of the property by marks on it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you or the officers employ counsel in this case - A. I ordered the officers to employ counsel. I proposed it myself; they said nothing about it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ELLIOTT ARKINS
               



            . I had the care of this shop for my father-in-law. I was present on Saturday night, the 18th of June, when the boy shut it up. I went there on Sunday morning, about twelve o'clock; and all was safe - and on Monday, at half-past eight, I found the private door, which is up a gateway, on the single lock - I had left it double locked. I found all this property gone - the shop was nearly stripped - I can swear to the tea tray; I saw it at the door on Saturday, and know it by a particular scratch across the throat of the figure on it. I know the candlesticks by a private mark on them; and here is a pair of snuffers which I can swear were in the shop on the Saturday night, and likewise a sugar bason which I saw at eleven o'clock at night. I believe all the things to be ours.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. The tea tray was bought to sell again - A. Yes; I suppose it has been scratched by a child with a pin.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I am an officer. I went with a search warrant on the 12th of February; to Walker's house, Vincent-street, Old-street; and in the bottom room found a tea tray, sugar bason, tea pot, milk pot, snuffers, corkscrew, tea cannister, candle box, and other articles. Walker was asleep upstairs, with his wife, some were in a cupboard, and some at the top of the cupboard. Walker said all the property was his own, and said something about buying them some time ago; but I do not perfectly recollect what. I went to Heath's house, City-gardens, City-road, and found a carving knife and fork in a drawer, a snuffer tray in a cupboard, a pair of curling irons, cork-screw, and nut crackers, in his table drawer; they were not concealed. Heath said they were his own, and that he had bought them. I found three picklock keys in his table drawer. I took one Goodman, who was in the house; but he was discharged, as none of the property was found in his room.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Have you told all the truth - A. I have; except that Vann came down stairs with a picklock key at Walker's - we went there to take the two prisoners. Heath, I believe, is a shoemaker - we brought away three hides of leather from his premises, presuming they would be owned - there had been a robbery of leather; he said
"The things are mine, I bought them;" not speaking particularly to any one article; he spoke of all the things in the room. I do not recollect that he spoke to these particular articles.
This witness was cross-examined at considerable length respecting his evidence upon the trial of Easterby and others, pages 174 - 177 - 180, and gave the same account of the case, as upon those trials; it is presumed unnecessary to restate it.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . On the 12th of February, I reached Walker's house, in company with Mance; and on the top of the cupboard found a hat and a quantity of skeleton keys, a small crow bar, and a piece of wax candle, and three saucepans. Walker was in bed with his wife; I think he said
"Mind, you have not found them on my person." I went to Heath's house, and found a footman, two saucepans, and fire irons; he said he bought them - we took one Goodman there, but he was discharged.
This witness was also cross-examined by Mr. Brodrick, as to his omitting evidence in a prisoners' favour in Easterby's case, and gave the same reason for so doing as before, except that his original deposition with the erasure, had been shewn to Mr. Justice Best.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I assisted in searching Walker's house, and found a dark lantern concealed in the corner of a cupboard, with a wax candle in it; also three spoons, a fender, and tea-tray. Walker said the property in that house belonged to him.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Was Walker in theroom the tray was found in - A. He was up stairs in bed; he was brought down, and the tray and things shewn to him, and asked if they were his - he said they were. I did not hear him say.
"Mind, you have not found them on my person." There was great confusion in the room. I was not in the bed-room with my father.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



             re-examined. He was in the bed-room when he said that.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bryant. I saw the tea-board on Saturday afternoon about four o'clock - I know it by a scratch.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Things get scratched hanging up - A. I think it was done by a child with a pin or nail, while hanging outside.
WALKER'S Defence. I have had the tea-board in my possession three or four months. As to the rest, I bought them at the prosecutor's shop. I bought the tea-canister in Old-street, and the candle-box at the prosecutor's - I laid out 2 l. 10 s. with the gentleman. There are nearly five hundred tea-boards of the same pattern as that.
HEATH'S Defence. My wife bought the things in my absence; as to the keys, I do not believe they were ever in my house. I know Vann has said he should be able to buff it home to us.


                  MARY 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I know the prisoner Walker. I have seen this tea-tray at his house three or four months ago - I have seen a great many of the same pattern, it is a common pattern. I helped him to move on the 23d of January, and saw it then - it was one of the same size and pattern. I cannot swear that it is the one. When he moved his goods, dishes were put in it, which might scratch it. I have drank tea off it twenty or thirty times.
MR. SHORT. Q. Does that tray look as if tea had been drank off it twenty or thirty times - A. Yes, with care - when cleaned up they look well. He had a common one besides. I live in Charles-street, Hackney-road.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HEATH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
