





2113. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BETTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 3 coats, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Webber
               




            .
JANE WEBBER. I live with my parents - they work for Mr. Clark, a slop-merchant. On the 8th of September, 1827, my father and mother sent me to Mr. Clark's; I had seven coats to take home from Mr. Clark's to be done again; the prisoner came up to me at his shop, and said should she help me; she had lived in our neighbourhood, and worked for my mother; I gave her five coats to take to my mother - we went away together to Ratcliff-highway


, and then she absconded from me with the coats; we were twelve months looking for her - my father and mother have had to pay for them.


                  JANE 
                  WEBBER
               



            . I am the witness' mother. The coats were to be brought to me to finish; we have since found two of them - the other three we have had to pay 14s. a piece for.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JAMES BURGESS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned a coat with me on the 8th of September 1827 - I gave it up to the prosecutor.
JANE WEBBER. That was one of these coats; I never permitted the prisoner to pawn them.


                  BOYD 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I was looking out for the prisoner for twelve months, and at last I found her; I told her Mrs. Webber charged her with stealing five coats - she said she did not steal them - they were to be sent back to have some buttons altered, and Mrs. Webber sent her to pawn two of them, that she got some liquor, and then heard that Mrs. Webber was looking for her, and that made her abscond.
Prisoner's Defence. She sent me with one of them to pawn; I had a dispute with her daughter about a warrant - there are pawnbrokers who would come and say that I have often pawned them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
