






1579. 
               
                  LAURENCE 
                  SHEVLAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 15 yards of silk, value 50s., and 4 pieces of handkerchiefs, containing 7 in each, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Smyth
               




            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
JOHN SMYTH. I live in Love-lane, Aldermanbury


, and am a general warehouseman
. The prisoner is a hawker
 - he and several others kept their boxes at my warehouse. On the 29th of June, in consequence of suspicion, I went with the officer to search his lodging, and found some property of mine - he was in custody on another charge, before it was found; I saw he had a good deal of money, and asked if he had bought any other goods - he said he wished he might not go out of my warehouse alive if he had bought any goods of any person besides me.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you find? A. Several pieces of silk handkerchiefs - I swore to one particular piece, to the best of my belief - here it is; I swear to it as having been in my house, and I never sold it to him; I do not think I have had six pieces of this pattern for the last year, but will not swear that; I bought it at the East India sale - there may be more of the pattern - I know it by it being a miss-print.
COURT. Q. Had your attention been directed to it before you found it at his lodging? A. Yes; on account of the miss-print; I had not missed it; they are often miss-printed; the others correspond with goods in my warehouse - they are worth 5l. together.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. I found these silks in the prisoner's pack; and after I apprehended him I found a 70l. Bank post bill on him; I went to search his lodging, and on my return told him I had found some silks in his pack, which Mr. Smyth had claimed; he said they were not Smyth's - I asked if he had any bill of them; he said No - that he bought his goods at the best market he could, and was not going to give Mr. Smyth 24s. for handkerchiefs, when he could buy them for a guinea, and said, "Well, at any rate, they cannot swear to them;" Mr. Smyth and his boy both identified this piece.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he swear to this piece? A. He said he believed they were all his, but this one had been a long time in his counting-house, because it was miss-printed; the prisoner was committed on another charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I travel the country, and make exchange of goods with other hawkers, and buy them in any part - I can neither read nor write.
MR. SMYTH. I have fourteen or fifteen pieces of coarse cloth of his now in my warehouse, and have a small claim on him for carriage - I offered to give it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
