





1052. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUNBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, ten silver spoons, value 3 l., and five silver forks, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James Marshall 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MARSHALL THOMPSON
               



            . I keep an hotel
 in Cavendish-square


. About the 6th of August I missed articles of plate, and for a fortnight before, at different times. I once missed fifteen articles at once. The prisoner lived at my house, as footman
 to Mrs. Churchill, who was at my house for three weeks. She left about the 15th of August, he was there all day, but did not sleep in the house. I found all my spoons at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POYLE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-street. Leary, who lives next door to me, and is a tenant of mine, brought me a quantity of plate, to ascertain its value. I said I should be glad to know whom it belonged to, as it was very good - I insisted on knowing it - he went away. I went to the watch-house, and took the constable to Leary; he took him into custody, and took him to the watch-house (he mentioned Bunbury's name to me when he brought it); he said if we would let him go he would fetch the man whom it belonged to, and he went with the constable, and fetched the prisoner from Mr. Thompson's, and in the evening they were both taken to the office. The prisoner told me he bought the plate at the sales of different silversmiths' property in Ireland, six or seven years back. I asked him how he would look if I proved some of the spoons were made only a year or two back? He said he was positive I could not do that, as he bought them six or seven years ago, at different sales. The plate consisted of spoons and forks - I delivered it to Mr. Sellers. There are letters which silversmiths put on the back, by which we can tell how long they have been made.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  LEARY
               



            . I live at No. 1, Gee's-court, Oxford-street, next door to Mr. Poyle's. I served my time to a tailor, but keep an old iron shop. I received the plate from the prisoner, and afterwards took it to Poyle. I had known the prisoner about four months - I am an Irishman, and so is he. He told me he was a clerk in Dublin, and was in very good circumstances; that he had a furnished house, had parted with all his plate, and that he wished to know the value of this; I took the plate open through the court, to Poyle, and said,
"Here is some plate, a friend of mine wishes to know the value of it." He detained me. I took him to the prisoner, who gave it to me. I was taken up myself. I mentioned Bunbury's name immediately Poyle questioned me.


                  JAMES 
                  BOWLES
               



            . I am a waiter at Mr. Thompson's hotel. The prisoner was servant to a lady at the house; while he was there I missed the whole of this plate, at different times; the first articles were missed about a week after Mrs. Churchill came, they were eight tea-spoons; I have since seen them. The next thing I missed was twelve desert spoons and two table spoons, and the last was thirteen table forks. The prisoner had access to the plate. I often saw him in the room where it was - he used to help to wash up the tea things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I and Sellers asked Leary where he got the plate - he said he could find the man he took it of - he took us to Mr. Thompson's - they said Bunbury was not at home, but in three or four minutes I saw him put his head out of the street door - Leary said, "That is him." I took him. He said he could prove he bought the spoons in Ireland - he said he sent Leary with them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a constable. I produce the forks and spoons, which I got from Poyle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
