





1084. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  PEARMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 2 half-crowns, and 13 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Mitchell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES MITCHELL. I am a trimming manufacturer
, and live in Primrose-street, Bishopsgate. On Thursday, the 17th May, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was in King-street, Smithfield


 - I had been out about four hours, and taken two glasses of rum and water - I was on my way home - the prisoner caught me by the arm, but I did not encourage her at all; she talked a parcel of nonsense - I walked on without stopping; she was not a minute and a half with me; my money was loose in my trousers pockets - I did not perceive her hand about my person; thinking her conduct suspicious I buttoned my pocket, but the button being bad, is easily opened; she left me suddenly - I instantly felt, and my money was gone - I followed and stopped her; she called the watchman herself, and she accused me of attempting to rob her of her shawl - I was so exasperated that I held her till the watchman arrived - I felt my money in her hand; it was tightly clenched; I held it to prevent her throwing it away; the watchman opened her hand, and found 18s. in it - I had not given her any thing.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! about half-past twelve, and found the prosecutor holding the prisoner; he gave her in charge for taking 18s. or 18s. 6d. from his pocket; she said nothing; he was holding her hands, one of which was closed, and I found in it two half-crowns and thirteen shillings; she did not say how she came by it.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the silver.


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I swear solemnly I gave her none.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
