





476. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 1 seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s. 6d.; and part of a watch-chain, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard Sellers 
                        Yarnall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD SELLERS YARNALL. On the evening of the 23d of December I was at the corner of Short-street, Moorfields


 - a man, in the habit of a sailor, who I believe was the prisoner, came up, made a snatch at my watch, and got part of the chain, seal, and key - I had a heavy bundle, and could not pursue very quick; I lost sight of him, but my son and other persons pursued, and in about three minutes the prisoner was brought back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEAL YARNALL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I saw the prisoner snatch at my father's watch - he ran away; I pursued him down a street and down a court, but lost sight of him; I saw him stopped by an officer, whom I had seen before I lost sight of the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. When the Alderman asked how you knew me, what did you say? A. I said I knew you by your clothes, but not by your face.


                  JOHN 
                  ATTERWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Little Moorfields. I heard a cry of Stop thief! a moment after I passed Buckley's-alley - I turned and pursued the prisoner from the alley to Crow-court, and there took him; a man came up, and said, "That is not the man," but I knew he was, for I had never lost sight of him - I heard the cry, saw him crossing, and go down Buckley's-alley - I secured him in less than three minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  WEATHERALL
               



            . I am a patrol. I was with Alterwell; we just passed the end of Short-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw a man run down Buckley's-alley, I pursued, and saw Atterwell with the prisoner - he was dressed as a sailor, and no one else was there.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at the Red Lion public-house, and as I returned home saw several persons together; there was an alarm of Stop thief! I pursued, and was taken; several persons came up, and said I was not the man; the officer said, "I think it is him."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
