





OLD COURT.
FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, MAY 23.
London Cases - Second Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
1029. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ALLCROFT
               




             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM WARD. I am warehouseman to 
               
                  William 
                  Leaf
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Coles
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Leaf, jun.



            , warehousemen


, of Old Change


. On Saturday, the 2d of April
, the prisoner came to the warehouse and said he came from Walker, of the Commercial-road, and wanted two pieces of lutestring or gros de Naples, which is the same - Walker is a customer of ours: I looked them out and handed them over to Hunt to enter; he came again on Monday, and said hewanted a piece of black lutestring, which I also looked out, and handed over to be entered. On the following Saturday he came again, and said he wanted a piece of gros de Naples, a good one, for Mr. Walker, of the Commercial-road: it was shewn to him - he approved of it, and asked for another piece on approbation, which were given to Phillips to enter.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Have you seen the entry in the books? A. Yes, it is entered to Walker, as taken by Allcroft - he brought an order the first time.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am in Messrs. Leaf's employ. On the 2d of April this silk was delivered to me to enter; I asked the prisoner who it was for - he said for C. Walker, of the Commercial-road; I directed one of the clerks to enter them to Walker - the parcel was tied up; I said "It is unusual to let goods go by a stranger without a written order;" he immediately pulled one from his pocket, which I produce; I gave him the goods and he went away with them - they were worth 22 l.
(Order read). "Please to let the bearer have one length of black Gros de Naples, about 4 s. or 4 s. 3 d.; one length of Waterloo do. 4 s.
C. Walker, Commercial-road."


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. On the 9th of April Ward brought me two pieces of goods, and said the prisoner would take them with him; the prisoner said "I come from Walker, of the Commercial-road, and am in a great hurry; I wish you would enter them, and I'll take them with me." I delivered them to Garner, the porter, and saw the prisoner take them away - it was two pieces of gros de Naples, worth 38 l.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. No, I asked his name, he said "Allcroft," and they were entered as delivered to him.


                  JAMES 
                  GARNER
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I delivered the silk to him on the 9th of April.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in the Commercial-road. The prisoner was in my employ for eight or nine months, about a year and a half ago: I dealt with the prosecutor then. The order produced is not written by me - I never sent him for any of these goods.
Cross-examined. Q. Is he related to you? A. I am sorry to say he is related to my wife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
