





118. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HONEYMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, 1 leaden pump, value 10s., belonging to 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Broad
                     




                  , widow
, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER, JUN.
               



             I am a watchmaker, and live at Stoke Newington


. On Wednesday the 22d of November, I was standing at my own door, between ten and half-past ten o'clock in the evening - I saw the prisoner bringing this pump on his shoulder from the Wesleianchapel yard; I gave notice to my father, who came out of the house - he informed Mr. Graves of it, who watched the prisoner - I have known the prisoner eight years, and am certain of his person - he was close to the house of Mrs. Mary Broad.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAVES
               



            . I am constable of Stoke Newington. I had information that the pump was gone, and I went and missed it; I then went to a house, which is a resort for theives, and found it under the bed, where a person of the name of Cowling was - I secured it, and then went to a public-house, and took the prisoner and Cowling; I asked the prisoner about it - he denied all knowledge of it; I did not see him in the house where I found it; this part of the pipe was left on the premises - it matches exactly with the pipe of the pump.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER, SEN.
               



             I am constable of Stoke Newington. My son told me what he had seen - I went up on the same side of the way, and saw the prisoner at the corner of a court - he appeared as if he had set down something heavy, and was then wiping his face; I then went on the same side of the way as him, and missed the pump; I told Mr. Graves of it, and waited at the corner of the court, while he went to the house, which is about two hundred yards up the court, and found this pump.
MARY BROAD. I am a widow. I had a pump fixed at my dwelling-house, which I had seen safe on the day before, and missed it the next morning; I saw the wood saying about, and the pump was gone - it had been close to my back door, in the meeting-yard, which is a private yard.
COURT to WILLIAM WEBSTER, JUN. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Yes; for eight years - he was carrying this pump on his left shoulder; I am sure his is the pump - he might be twenty yards from me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the pump, and never had it in my possession; I think it is impossible he could see me from any one else, in such a dark night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
