





1599. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, 1 jacket, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Thompson
               




            .
WILLIAM THOMPSON. Between twelve and one o'clock on the morning of the 2d of September, I was coming from Tower-hill; I met a woman, who asked me to go home with her; I said, I would, provided she would behave well to me, being a stranger; I went home with her, and gave her a shilling to get some liquor - she went down stairs, and never returned - that was not the prisoner; I pulled off my jacket and put it beside the bed, and laid down to see if any body came - a little while afterward, the prisoner came, and said, "Young man, you can't stop here, my husband and two children are coming to sleep here;" I got up, and said, "Where is my jacket;" she d - d me, and said what did she know about it, but she would take me to the girl who brought me there; I followed her to many holes and corners - she tried to trip up my heels, and got from me, and ran in doors - I sung out for the watchman; he came, but could not find her not the jacket; I cannot tell how long I laid on the bed; I suppose not more than a quarter of an hour; I laid dozing there; I was a little in liquor; I saw some person come into the room, but did not get up to see who it was.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned this jacket with me on the morning of the 2d of September.


                  JAMES 
                  LEA
               



            . I am the officer. The prosecutor applied to me; I knew the prisoner by his description; I went with him to the pawnbroker's, and found the jacket.(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I found it behind some chairs in my room; I had not seen him then.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
