





124. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 2 sheets, value 5s.; 1 counterpane, value 12s.; 1 blanket, value 1s. and 1 quilt, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Frazer
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARIA 
                  FRAZER
               



            . I am the wife of James Fraser. I let a furnished room to the prisoner in Albion-street, St. George's


, for one week only, as I was going to move then. On the morning of the 11th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I went up to her room, and found the bed and bolster rolled up - two sheets, a counterpane, blanket, and quilt, were gone - they were a part of the furniture I had let to her with the room - I saw her afterwards at the watch-house, and asked her about the things - she at first said she knew nothing about them, and then she said she was very sorry, and told where she had pawned them. The tickets were given to the watch-house-keeper.


                  JAMES 
                  COLE
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was given into my custody on the 11th of November - Mrs. Frazer told me she had robbed her that morning, but she denied it, and then said she had pawned the things - the sheets at Mr. Cording's, in Ratcliff-highway, and the others at Mr. Smallie's - I went and found them there.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Smallie, a pawnbroker. I have a blanket, a counterpane, and a quilt, which were pawned on the 11th of November, but not by the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABY
               



            . I have two sheets which were pawn - at Mr. Cording's.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor keeps a house of ill fame. I was coming home - I was taken in by another girl, but I did not take the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
