





1619. 
               
                  ANN 
                  CRAWLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 7 aprons, value 8s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 4s. 6d.; 3 shifts, value 10s.; 12 handkerchiefs, value 24s.; 3 caps, value 13s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 2d.; 2 shillings and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Walters
                     



                  : and 1 gold ring, set with pearls, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Eaton
               



            .
MARY ANN WALTERS. I am servant
 to Mrs. Eaton, who lives in Fenchurch-street


 - the prisoner lived fellow servant
 with me. On the 30th of July some property was missed - I missed my property on the 31st; she was living there as cook
 - I was housemaid; I missed my property out of a box in my bed-room - she was not in the house when I missed it; she had left on the Saturday evening after receiving her wages; I missed seven aprons, three linen shifts, three pairs of stockings, twelve linen handkerchiefs, three capes, and a red purse, containing 2s. 6d; she slept with me - my box was not locked; I described the property to the officer, and he brought some of it to me afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who keeps this house? A. Mrs. Eaton; it is the Elephant public-house, not a chop-house - a gold watch and several things were lost; the prisoner had no box, nothing but a large bundle and basket.


                  ELIZA 
                  EATON
               



            . I am Mrs. Eaton's daughter. I missed a gold ring, set with pearls, out of my reticule, in a drawer in my bed-room, on the 31st of August; the prisoner had left the service on Saturday evening - the officer found the ring.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am an officer. I produce three aprons, two handkerchiefs, and a pair of stockings: I apprehended the prisoner at Mrs. Eaton's house, on the 2d of September - they sent for me, as she came there; I found two keys in her pocket, which she said were the keys of her box, which was at her brother's, No. 7, Holywell-lane; I went there, and found two boxes, in which I found these things - her mistress had charged her with stealing the property; the key fitted the lock; and at the bottom of the box I found the gold ring.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she absent when you searched the box? A. She was in the Compter; Walters and a young woman were present, and the prisoner's brother - I did not find them at the first search; I did not know the prisoner's clothes; I took the things away, and what she did not own I took away - I found a pair of stockings, one handkerchief and three aprons; I was not particular in searching, for it was late at night, and I did not know the girl's property; there were ribbons all cut to pieces, and there might be more things; I did not search particularly, as I wished Walters to be with me, as she knew her things, but it was too late; there were two boxes, one nearly a yard long - I intended to go next morning with Walters, as nothing was marked which I expected; I had heard a ring was stolen - that was among a parcel of other things; I was obliged to shake them all out to find it; her brother was present at the first search, and a man, who, I believe, was the landlord of the house - there were two or three in the room; I found everything the first time, but one handkerchief and the ring - I went again next day in the afternoon; her brother was present then, when the ring was found - I searched more minutely then.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WALTERS
               



            . These stockings, the three aprons, and handkerchief are mine; I have not found the shift.
Cross-examined. Q. Are the things marked? A. NO- I never had a mark on them; I have no time to mark them - I swear to the stockings by their being joined at the foot, and an iron mold at the bottom of one; I can swear to my own work on them.


                  ELIZA 
                  EATON
               



            . I know this ring to be mine by a small piece chipped off on one side - I have not a doubt about it.
MR. PHILLIPS called -


                  RALPH 
                  SHERWIN
               



            . I keep a shop in the general line, at No. 7, Holywell-row, Shoreditch. The prisoner's brother lodges with me; I was present when the officer came to her brother's apartments to search her box - it was about half-past eight o'clock in the evening; he brought the keys with him, and searched minutely - he searched every particle, for I was there the whole time; he searched every part of both trunks - he took the things out one by one, as they were neatly put in - he shook them, and threw them out in the middle of the room; he undid every pair of stockings: there was a pocket-book, with two duplicates, one for her gown, and the other for her mother's wedding ring, which was pawned before she went to her situation - he opened every bit of paper that was as big as a shilling - nothing was left at the bottom, and a bundle, which was not in the trunks, but which was brought up, he examined minutely; she was going to take it up herself to the room, but when she heard the officers were after her, she went and surrendered herself- the officer took away what he supposed belonged to the prosecutrix; if the ring had been there I must have seen it, so help me God! - it could not have been there without being found; I was not present at the second examination of her boxes, but her brother was; the officer, a young man from the Elephant, the young woman and the prisoner's brother all went up together - as the brother was there I thought it unnecessary for me to go; I went up in about five minutes, and asked the officer if he had got anything else - he shewed me this case; I did not see the ring in it; the young woman was searching the box and the officer sitting in a chair; the young woman up with her hands, smiling, and said, "I have got the very thing that will do her;" I said, "What is it?" the officer shewed me the ring - I thought to myself it could not be there when the search was made before: I asked the brother, and he said the young woman herself had taken it from the box.
Q. When the prisoner heard there was a charge against her, she voluntarily surrendered herself? A. She came to my door with a bundle, and sent it up; she had plenty of opportunity to go up to the box if she liked, but did not - she went to the Mansion-house, and then to the Elephant as I am informed.

COURT. Q. What do you deal in? A. Soap, candles, sugar and things; I keep a chandler's shop; her brother has lodged twelve months with me; Wallis was not present at the first examination - the officer took away a shawl, a handkerchief and stockings then, and some petticoats; he took away the contents of the trunks - I cannot say what they were; I asked if he had a warrant.
Q. You say the officer searched minutely, as such, and you were watching, you must have seen what he took away? A. I cannot say, as I did not take an inventory; I am sure the ring was not in the box for everything was shook out - the ring was in a red case, and I could not help seeing it, if it was there; I asked the prisoner's brother, and he said she found it in the middle of the box.
Q. Somebody, according to your account, must have put it in then? A. I have every reason to believe so: instead of being sorry for her fellow-servant, she seemed quite overjoyed, and came down to my wife, laughing, saying she had got the very thing that would do her - I have been a servant, and should have been sorry for a fellow-servant.


                  CATHERINE 
                  KISLIMBURY
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Windmill-street, Finsbury. I have known the prisoner from a child - (looking at the property) I know she had a coarse apron and some white handkerchiefs, for I have had them to wash many times - I dare say it is two years ago that I had them to wash for her; here are no marks on these: she had a new pair of stockings on before she went to her place - she had two aprons of this description, and made them at my house.
COURT. Q. Take the handkerchief up - whose is that? A. I do not know - I will not pretend to say, they are so much alike; women know their own hemming - I do not know that I could swear to mine; I dare say these stockings are hers, as I know she had a new pair; I will not swear they belong to her - I know she is as falsely accused as if they accused me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . She did surrender herself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
