





1636. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MUMFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, seventeen pieces of stained paper, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Horatio 
                  Robson
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Hale
               



            .
HORATIO ROBSON. I am in partnership with Mr. George Hale; we live in Piccadilly


, and are decorators to his Majesty

. About the 7th of October I told the peoplein my shop to go and paper the bed-room of Mr. Huskinson; they looked for the paper, but it could not be found - there was some conversation about it, and I put some more of the same paper in hand. About ten or eleven o'clock the same morning the high constable of Staines came to our house, and brought a piece of the paper, part of the eighteen pieces missing; I had seen it in my house about the middle of August, when it came in - it was a particular pattern, and none had been made like it.


                  JAMES 
                  WATERER
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live at Chertsey. On the 5th of October the prisoner came to my house, to sell some paper. I bought six pieces of him, which I gave afterwards to the constable.


                  JAMES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am high constable of Staines. I saw the prisoner offer a piece of this paper for sale at my door, and he said he had ten pieces more at the public-house, which he had bought at an auction room in Argyle-street, London; I said, "All paper is made under the Excise, and has the year it is made in stamped on it, and this was made this year." I then said, "What do you want for them?" he said a sovereign; I said, "Leave this piece, and go and fetch the other;" I called him back, and said, "Take this away, and let me see no more of you in this town;" he took it, and went away. I heard the same evening that he had been offering it about the town, and went to the public-house, where I found him, and took him to the Magistrate; we came up to town, and took a coach - the prisoner said, "Give me the check-string, and I will stop where I bought the paper;" he stopped at the back of Trotter's bazaar - we went in, but they knew nothing of it; the prisoner then said, "You will have a nice job to find it, and you may all be d - d." I then took him to Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  CROW
               



            . I am an artist. I drew the pattern of this paper about the middle of March last.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BULL
               



            . I made this paper, and delivered it on the 18th of August. I never heard of any pattern like this before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
