





16. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FRANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, at St. George in the East


, one frock, value 4 l. 10 s.; seven caps, value 19 s.; two shirts, value 3 s.; four pincloths, value 5 s.; five napkins, value 7 s.; one frill, value 5 s.; one wine-glass, value 1 s.; one cup, value 3 d., and one saucer, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  BETSY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harris
               



            , who is a baker
; we live in Cannon-street


, St. George's in the East. The prisoner lived servant
 with me four or five months, and has left me this ten months. I lost the articles stated in the indictment while she was with me, at different times; the frock was a child's frock, and cost four guineas and a half; it is Moravian work. I got a search warrant on the 14th of November, and went to search her apartments, near Cornwall-street, and found all the property, some in a drawer and some in a box; some were rough-dried, as I had lost them. She was in custody on another charge at that time. When I missed the frock, she assisted me in looking for it - She was married to a sailor, who is gone to sea - he was never at my house.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Where were they found - A. In the room she occupied. I know where to find the servant who lived with me before her. I missed the frock a fortnight before the prisoner left.
COURT. Q. Was the frock in your house after the prisoner entered your service - A. I cannot be certain; every thing else was there - she has washed them several times.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the warrant, and found the property; I did not see her before I went there - I saw her after at Lambeth-street office. I told the Magistrate, in her presence, that I found the articles at her lodgings, No. 5, John-street, St. George's, in the one pair of stairs back room - she said nothing to it.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRISDEN
               



            . I live at No. 5, John-street. Fortune searched the prisoner's apartment. I let it her ready furnished for thirteen weeks - her husband came there also. I was present before the Magistrate - I did not hear her say any thing.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
