





1288. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE ANN 
                     ALVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holmes
                        




                     
                  , seven sovereigns, and one Bank note
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a sailor
. On the night of the 6th of September. I met the prisoner at the Black Horse, public-house, Rosemary-lane


; she asked me to have something to drink - I gave her some rum and water, and stopped there for half an hour; I had a 5 l. note in my waistcoat pocket, and seven sovereigns in my side pocket. I do not know what time it was - I was drunk, but recollect what passed - she put her hand into my pocket, and took seven sovereigns - I felt her do it, and she took the 5 l. note from my waistcoat pocket; we were then in the street, we had gone outside the door - I took the 5 l. note out of her mouth - she ran away, I did not follow her; but in the morning, I found her drinking, and gave her in charge. I gave the note to the officer, and have not found the sovereigns.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. I was going out on the 7th of September; and at the watch-house, I found the prosecutor, the prisoner, and two more - he gave charge of her for robbing him of seven sovereigns, and a 5 l. note, and shewed me the note, saying he took it from her mouth; he was a little fresh then; I asked her what she did with the sovereigns; she said she did not take them; I asked her what she did with the note - she gave no answer.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him about half past one o'clock at night; he said, he wanted a girl who lived in St. Catherine's. I said, perhaps I might know her - I went to look for her - he had 5 s. or 6 s. worth of rum and water, and was very much in liquor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
