






522. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  MULLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, 1 coat, value 5s., and 1 waistcoat, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Wood
                     




                  , her master
            .


                  ANNA 
                  MARIA WOOD
               



            . I am the wife of Samuel Wood. He lives in Union-row, Bethnel-green


. The prisoner was in my service for six or seven months; she was out of place, and used to come to my house to sleep sometimes: she came on the 13th of January, when I was out; when I returned, she said she must sleep in the street, if I did not let her sleep there; she slept there that night, and breakfasted the next morning; I missed these articles after breakfast.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoner was given to me at the end of Maiden-lane; she acknowledged she had taken the things from Mr. Wood, and had pawned them.


                  JOHN 
                  STOKES
               



            . I live in Tothill-street, Westminster, and am a pawnbroker - I have a coat pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Strutton-ground - I have two sheets pawned by the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live with my father, in Chapple-street - he is a pawnbroker - I have several articles pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - I asked her where the articles were pawned, and she told me.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
