






1708. 
               
                  MARY 
                  MAHONEY
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  MANNING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, 1 watch, value 50s.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 crown piece, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Henderson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES HENDERSON. I am a sailor
, and belong to the Nicholas, a collier, which laid off the Tower. On Saturday night, the 5th of August, I left the vessel at half-past eight o'clock, and met the prisoners at a public-house in Ratcliff-highway; they were there when I went in; they came to me - Manning asked me to give her a glass of gin; I gave her 1s. to get half-a-pint for the prisoners and two old women, who were there - they had a glass a piece - I had nothing but a single pint of porter; I left the house with the prisoner about eleven o'clock; I went with them to a house I never was in before, in Blue Anchor-court


; I then went up stairs with Mahoney; I undressed myself, and laid my clothes on the table; I went to bed, and she laid on the bed with me - she then said she wanted to go down stairs for a minute, and she left me in bed - she did not come up again to my knowledge; I fell asleep, and slept till two o'clock as near as I can guess - there was no light in the room; I then went to my clothes, and missed my watch, hat, and handkerchief; I am quite certain I had put my watch on the table when I went to bed, and the crown-piece was in my pocket; I listened for awhile, and then an old woman came up, and said, "There are no girls here belonging to you;" Manning then came up, and said she knew nothing about it, but she would fetch the other to give me my things; I came down, and found Mahoney outside the door, who said she would give me a glass of something, and give me my things; I said I should like to know the number of the house, but I could not find it; we then went to a public-house to get something - there were a great many people - the prisoners got through them, and got out of the back door; I told the landlord, who said he would search the house, but they were not to be found - he then told me to go out, and see for the watchman, which I did, and the prisoners were taken; I have never seen any of the property since.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Are you quite certain you met the prisoners at the public-house? A. Yes; I am certain I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  TOLKER
               



            . I am the watchman. I was on my beat near Blue Anchor-court; I saw this sailor come out of the house with two girls, about two o'clock in the morning; I was not near enough to hear what they said - he came outof the public-house afterwards, and then complained to me; I asked if he should know the girls again - he said Yes; I had seen the two prisoners go down a yard; and I went and called them - they came, and I asked him if these were the girls - he said Yes; I took them to the watchhouse; I then searched them and their room, but found nothing; the sailor appeared a little in liquor, but he knew what he was about - he pointed out the house to me, and I knew they lived there.
MANNING's Defence. I know no more of the man than by seeing him at the Paviors' Arms public-house.
MAHONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
MANNING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
