





London Cases, Second Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
1673. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  M'KINSEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, two prints, framed and glazed, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hunt
               




            .
JOHN HUNT. I keep the Three Castles public-house, St. Andrew's-hill




. On Monday evening, about seven o'clock, three prints hung on the wall of my parlour; the prisoner came in and had some ale, about six o'clock, and two or three minutes after he was gone I missed them - nobody but him had been in the parlour. I went round two or three streets but did not find them; I sent my sons out and he was brought back with one of the prints, and said he was never in the house. I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was he alone in the room? A. Yes; it is a private parlour for company; I went into the room directly he went - nobody else went into the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I went in search of the prisoner, and found him on Blackfriars'-bridge; I told him he had been to my father's house and robbed him of some prints - he knocked me down - I got up, ran after him, calling Stop thief! he ran and took the prints out of a carpet bag which he had, and tried to throw them over into the water - the wind blew one back - I picked it up - the other lodged on the cornice of the bridge, and was found at ten o'clock at night by a waterman.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he is the man? A. Yes; I had not seen him in the house but stopped him from the description my father gave of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am a seaman. I was going over the bridge, about half-past six o'clock - there was a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running in great fury, and followed him - he threw something over the bridge - this print blew back - Hunt picked it up, and gave it to me - he crossed the road - I followed him very close - he dropped the bag, started down a stable yard, and concealed himself in a corner; I collared him - Hunt said "That is him." I took him to the house and gave Mines the print.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I am a constable. Carpenter delivered this print to me - one Perring picked up another.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
