






523. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  RATCLIFFE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January

, 5 bolts of osier rods, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  May
               



             and another; and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WALDRON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SHACKEL
               



            . I am warehouse and book-keeper at the Swan inn, Holborn-bridge. I am agent to 
               
                  George 
                  May
               



            , a carrier
, who is in partnership with Mr. Helyer. Their men brought thirty-two bundles of osier rods to the inn, and pitched them in Fleet-market. I received information on Saturday, the 17th of January - went up the yard, and found our guard holding the prisoner, Ratcliffe; the rods were in a liquor-shop - Waldron was in the liquor-shop, very tipsy; there were two bundles of rods there; the landlady said, in the presence of both the prisoners, that Ratcliffe had brought in one bundle; Waldron immediately claimed them as his property. I asked Waldron where he got them from - he appeared to have his senses about him - he said he had bought them; I said, "as an honest man, you will tell me who of." He said no, he would be d-d if he would. I said if not, he must go to the Compter. I took him in charge; when the officer came, he told me he had bought them of his brother over night, and he had three other bolts at home.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are they bundles or bolts? A. Bolt is the phrase the trade gives them; one of the witnesses tells me they are bolts - I know nothing of the trade myself. The prisoners were both drunk; but I do not conceive them so tipsy as not to know what they were saying; the officer said, we had better not take them before the Alderman till they were sober. Waldron acknowledged, in my hearing, when he was sober, that he had bought them of Ratcliffe, and paid him 9s.; Ratcliffe said he had only given him 6s. - that was taken down at the office.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not Waldron so tipsy that you would not have put him on his oath? A. I believe he knew right from wrong - I would have put him upon his oath, if necessary; he was not insensibly drunk - he answered me like a man - I believe he was capable of answering any question.


                  GEORGE 
                  BESSANT
               



            . I am in the employ of George May, and his partner. I brought some osier rods from them - some call them bolts and some bundles. I brought thirty-two bundles from Twyford to London, and pitched them at the top of Fleet-market, about five o'clock in the morning - the waggoner put me trustee over them. Shackel sent for me down the yard, and when I returned five bundles were gone; this was about eleven o'clock. I saw two bundles found in the gin-shop in about twenty minutes - both the prisoners were there; I know them to be the bundles - they generally sell for 2s. a bundle. While I was minding them, Waldron came up and asked Ratcliffe to sell him some; this was in my hearing, at the corner of Fleet-market. I told him he must not sell them, for they were not his; that I was trustee over them - I told him they were neither his nor mine to sell - that was about nine o'clock - Ratcliffe was standing by me at the time; I had been talking to him; they both went away together - I saw them again before the rods were taken, and left Ratcliffe to mind them while I went down the yard; when I returned, five bundles were gone - we found three at Waldron's house, in Plumbtree-court, about twelve o'clock- I am certain they are part of what I brought to town; I saw no other in the market that day. When I went to Ratcliffe about it, he told me he had sold them, and would give me 1s. not to say any thing about it; that it made no odds to me, as it would be the waggoner's loss.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If a man gave 10s. for them, it would be a fair price? A. Yes; I put Ratcliffe in care of them, openly, in the market; he knew they were not his to sell.
Q. If he were offered a fair price for them, you would not think it wrong in him to sell them? A. No. I know the bundles, by having tied one up just before; it had come apart - they were found before they had time to untie them; they were just as I had left them. Waldron was sober when he asked Ratcliffe to sell them; he was drunk when he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What day of the month was this? A. The 19th of January - I had seen Ratcliffe in the yard before; but never employed him - I saw him about three times a week for the last nine weeks; but never had any conversation with him; I have drank with him when the waggoner gave us a drop of beer; I never drank purl with him; I was told to pitch the rods in the market, for the man who belonged to them was coming to sell them there; and when he did come, hesold them for 2s. a bundle - I never told Ratcliffe the price, for I did not know it till afterwards. I call them bundles of rods - that is the proper name; some call them bolts, and some bundles - I should call them bundles - some call them bundles of bolts.
COURT. Q. Are they osiers? A. No; nothing but withes - I cannot tell whether they are called osiers in the trade.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHACKEL
               



            . I am agent to the proprietor. I have heard them called bolts of rods, and bundles of rods; we call them osiers; I went to Waldron's house on the 19th, immediately on coming from the Compter; it is in Plumbtree-court, Holborn-bridge; we there found one bundle entire, and two cut open; Bushnell was making baskets of them - it is the third house on the right-hand side from Holborn-bridge.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you swear it is not the fifth house? A. I cannot say; I will say it is the third or fourth. I have lived at the inn twenty-two years, and these things frequently come up; they are bundles or bolts, and I should call them osiers in London; but I may be mistaken.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What is the meaning of the word "Bolt?" A. It is a bundle bound up in a certain number of inches; I heard Bushnell say that; I have frequently heard them called bolts - nobody ever heard of a "bundle of bolts."


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSHNELL
               



            . I am a watchman and basket-maker; I make baskets of osiers, and these are osiers - when they are tied together, the trade call them bolts - this is not a bolt now, but I have no doubt it was, when it was sent up - it is not the regular size now - we reckon forty-two inches round a bolt. Shackel and Bessant found me at No. 3, Plumtree-court, between twelve and one o'clock on the 19th of January; there was a bundle of stuff there, and part of another that I was making baskets of; I was in the market-house that morning, and went to get a glass of liquor: Waldron asked if I had anything to do, I said No; he asked if I would make him half a dozen of baskets called "No. 5, longs;" I said I would- he told me not to deceive him, but go home and make them for he must get them in by six o'clock that night, he told me to finish three of No. 3, (two of which were began) and send them home, as they were paid for, for he had had the money for half a dozen; I went home for my knife, and then went to Waldron's lodgings in Plumbtree-court, and in about two hours Bessant and Shackel came and claimed the rods I was working on - I had not seen Ratcliffe at all; when I first got to the room there was no small stuff to make the baskets with: I went to Waldron, at Wood's house a little after ten o'clock and brought a bundle from there, and another from Scruton's, the Key public-house in Fleet-market, by Waldron's directions - I have frequently bought four or five bolts with him, and left them at public-houses; he came to his lodgings about a quarter-past eleven to see how I was getting on - he was very drunk and tumbled out of the chair; I saw no more of him till he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There was no concealment about it? A. No; the stuff was in a public-house where forty or fifty of the market people are constantly coming - he did not tell me to conceal them: I passed by where they were taken from; he has often told me to do things directly - I think 2s. are more than they are worth.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Whatever quantity were tied up together, would they be properly called a bundle? A. Some people call them bundles and some bolts.
COURT. Q. Did Waldron tell you where they came from? A. No, I did not ask him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HEINSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoners, between twelve and one o'clock, at Scuton's gin-shop, for stealing this property; I asked Ratcliffe how he came by them - he said, "I have stolen them" and Waldron said "I have bought them" - that is all.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did they know you were a constable? A. Yes, both of them. I said"You must tell me where you got them, for I am going to take you to the Compter" he told me he had stolen them, before I asked him; I afterwards said "You must tell me where you stole them from;" he was not sober - I did not say, what he said would be given in evidence against him; I never said I would transport Ratcliffe, or that I would do all in my power to get him transported, I must be a jackass to say so - how could I get him transported? I had never seen him before - I have had half a glass of gin tonight, and that is all, so help me God - I never said I would get him transported - I should be a rascal if I did say so.
RATCLIFFE's Defence. The guard of the waggon ordered me to sell them and I gave him part of the money, and was to give him the rest in the morning: if I had intended to steal them, I should not have taken them into the public-house.
GEORGE BESSANT. I never gave him orders to dispose of them.
WALDRON's Defence. I bought them and gave a fair price for them.


                  THOMAS 
                  ODELL
               



            . I am Scruton's son-in-law and have charge of the house; the prisoners brought the rods in -Waldron asked me to let them be there till the man fetched them - I saw him pay for them - I cannot say how much - there was no secrecy about it.
RATCLIFFE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WALDRON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
