





1133. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     BULLOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bygrave
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BYGRAVE
               



            . I am a land agent
, and live in Clement's-inn. On the 28th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was on the Strand side of Temple-bar


, coming towards the City - my handkerchief was safe just before, and as soon as I got through the Bar, I felt for it, and missed it; Waddington came up to me, and asked if I had lost anything - He said I think I know the man, and went up Shire-lane; I followed him, and in Carey-street, between Shire-lane and Bell-yard, he collared the prisoner and charged him with the robbery; he denied it - he took him into a public-house, and searched him, but the handkerchief was not found then - he took him to Hatton-garden, and in crossing over Chancery-lane, the handkerchief fell out of the bottom of his trowsers.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You missed it on the City side of Temple-bar - A. Yes, I was not more than three yards through the Bar.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a turner, and live in Peter's-lane, Cow-cross, and have been a constable. On the 28th of June, I was going down Fleet-street, and saw Mr. Bygrave coming towards the City, the prisoner was behind him, I saw him lay hold of the prosecutor's pocket; he let go of the coat, and then walked towards Shire-lane, where he turned up. I informed Mr. Bygrave, and we followed him together - we came up with him about the middle of Shire-lane. I said,
"Nick, I want you;" he said,
"What for;" I said,
"I suspect you have robbed this gentleman of his handkerchief;" we searched him, but could not find it. We were taking him to the office, and in crossing Chancery lane, one corner of it came from under his trowsers, and I pulled the rest out.
Cross-examined. Q. You were only four doors from the City, when you first saw him touch the coat - A. Yes, the prosecutor was walking gently, and gazing over the other side of the way; he let the coat tail drop, and passed the prosecutor before he got to the Bar; I did not see it taken - he could not have taken it in the City.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I kicked my foot against the handkerchief coming through the Bar; nobody owned it, and I put it in my pocket hole, but I had no pocket.



               GUILTY
             Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
