





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1607. 
               
                  
                     JAMES FRANCIS 
                     COTTRELL
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Madden
                        




                     
                  , on the 30th of July
, and stealing 3 gowns, value 15s.; 2 shirts, value 10s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 20s.; 1 hat, value 7s.; 3 shifts, value 7s.; 3 yards of lace, value 2s.; 2 rings, value 8s.; 1 pin, value 2s.; 2 sovereigns, and 18 shillings, his property
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I lodge at No. 64, Orchard-street, Westminster


. Mrs. Hammeson rents the house - she does not live there - her nephew does; I pay the rent to her. On the 30th of July, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I went out to work, and locked my door with a spring lock; I have one room on the second floor - it could not be opened without a key - I only shut it. I returned at seven o'clock in the evening, and missed a hat-box, and a square wooden box, which was not locked. I had left my wife in bed, and another young woman, who sleeps with my child.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  SARGEANT
               



            . I live at No. 58, Orchard-street, with my father. I have known the prisoner five or six years; I saw him about six o'clock on the morning of the 30th of July, sitting on the steps of the front door, at No. 64, Orchard-street; (the door was shut as I went by;) he had got nothing then; I went into the Park to look for work, returned in twenty minutes, and saw him sitting in the same place; I asked if he was out of work; I went up stairs to my house, and as I was looking through the window, I saw him coming out of the house with a square red box, and a hat-box; he turned down St. Ann's-lane; I did not suspect him, as a woman was going to Ireland that morning to her husband, who was a soldier - I thought he was carrying her boxes. I saw him come out of the house and shut the door; he used to work for a stone mason - his parents live in Medway-street, about a quarter of a mile off.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PETERS
               



            . I live with my parents in New-way, Westminster. I know the prisoner by sight - he used to live in New Tothill-street. On Monday morning, the 30th of July, I saw him sitting on the steps of No. 64, Orchard-street; he had nothing - I afterwards saw him get up the steps, push the door open, and go in - he came out in about five minutes with a hat-box and a square wooden box - he turned down St. Ann's-lane; I was called to go out with my milk - I said nothing to him - the door was ajar when he went in.


                  MARIA 
                  MIFFIN
               



            . I live with my husband in St. Ann's-lane. On the 30th of July, about half-past six o'clock I saw the prisoner go by my shop, with a hat-box and another box; he came from towards Orchard-street, and seemed much agitated, which made me notice him. I told my husband - I never saw him before, but am certain of him.


                  MARGARET 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. When he went out I was in bed - my child and a young woman were in another bed in the room; the boxes were safe when I went to bed; I missed them at twenty minutes to seven o'clock, when my child got up and awoke me - I found the door open - it could be opened outside; I do not know how the street door was opened - there was a string by which it could be opened outside. I never saw the prisoner till he was at Queen-square; the boxes contained the articles stated in the indictment. I have found nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  WARDER
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of August, in New Tothill-street. I asked if his name was 
               
                  James 
                  Cottrell
               



             - he said, No; I knew him before, but did not know his Christian name - he bore a very good character.


                  DANIEL 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I am certain the boxes were safe when I went out, for I put the hat-box on the top of the other - the street door could not be opened outside without a key, for I had cut the string. I am sure I shut it after me; there had been a string brought through a hole to pull the latch up, but not at that time. I know nothingof the prisoner - there are two working men in the house, who generally go out about six o'clock.
The prisoner received an excellent character.
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only, and not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years, to the Prison Ship
            .
