





336. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, I pair of ear-rings, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Caroline Susannah 
                  Metcalfe
               




            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  SUSANNAH METCALFE
               



            . I am single
, and keep a jeweller's shop
, at No. 88, Oxford-street


. On the 27th of December, about half-past ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came and asked to look at a pair of ear-rings; I took the tray from the window, and shewed them to her; after looking at them some time, she said she would call again on Monday: I then missed a pair of ear-rings from the tray which she had been looking at - I said I missed a pair of ear-rings which I was confident were there when she came in; she said she had not got them - she asserted that over and over again; I still stated that I was sure she had got them; she had a pocket-handkerchief in her hand, and I asked her if she would shake that, as probably she had taken them up in a mistake; she shook it, and said "It is not here - it is not here;" and if they had fallen then I must have heard them; she was then shuffling her foot on the ground, and I asked her to move from the counter, as probably they had fallen; she moved a little backwards, and as she moved she scraped her foot again, and got these ear-rings to the step of the door, which was not far from where she stood; she then stooped, snatched them up, and ran away; I got from behind the counter, and gave an alarm - she ran to Castle-street, which is about thirty or forty yards off, and there she was taken; I ran after her as fast as I could, and was not far from her when she was taken: I have never seen the ear-rings since, but I am positive and certain that I saw her take them from the ground, and run away with them.
JURY. Q. Was there any card attached to them? A. Yes; and when they were on the ground, I saw the card to them turned upside down.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOWE
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a great number of persons running; I went up, and one said, "This is the girl that has stolen the pair of ear-rings;" I took hold of the prisoner - she said "I have got nothing;" I said "If you have got nothing, you need not to have run away."
Prisoner. I was used very ill in the street before the watchman came up; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
