





1881. 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 1 reticule, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Garratt
               




            .


                  LOUISA 
                  TAPPY
               



            . I have a stand in the Soho Bazaar


; Mr. Henry Garratt has a stand next to mine - he deals in dressing-cases and reticules - Miss Garratt minds his stall. On the 13th of October, I saw the prisoner stand between his stall and mine, about four o'clock in the afternoon - I saw her take up a reticule, and I then saw her put something under her shawl - I suspected she had taken the reticule - I went outside the counter, missed it, and told Miss Garratt of it - she was taken in about half an hour. I saw the reticule after she was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Is the property you sell your own? A. Yes, it is not Mr. Trotter's - there was a woman at my stall; she did not speak to the prisoner - I do not think there was any other person in the room - I do not think the prisoner was called away; she was not taken in that room - there is an officer attends at the front of the building; but this was in the back lower room, called the Dean-street room.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am the officer. On the afternoon of Friday, the 13th of August, I took the prisoner, and found this reticule under her shawl - she said she had a child at home, and did it for want.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that all she said? A. She showed me some money; but did not say she intended to purchase it, till the second examination - I saw her purse in her hand.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GARRATT
               



            . I am the daughter of Henry Garratt - I take care of his stall; it is next to Miss Topping's - I saw the prisoner between the two stalls - this reticule is my father's property - I had not sold it - I missed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it in the state it was? A. Yes, all but a little ticket under the lock, which is not here now.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I went there for the purpose of buying a few articles - I took up the reticule, intending to purchase it, having sufficient silver for that purpose; I had scarcely taken it in my hand when a very old acquaintance passed me, and in the anxiety of the moment I passed on with it in my hand - I had passed only a few yards in conversation before I was taken by the officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
