





836. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  NIHILL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 11 spoons, value 20s.; 2 gowns, value 4s.; 2 shawls, value 6s.; 1 pelisse, value 3s.; and 5 caps, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hovee
                     




                  , her master
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HOVEE
               



            . I am the wife of John Hovee, and live at the Repository, in Goswell-street


; the prisoner had been with us a fortnight. On the 8th of March, I rang the bell, about half-past six o'clock, for her to get up - she did not answer, and I went up to her room and found she was gone - I came down and found the front door open - I missed all this property - I saw her in custody, about twelve o'clock that day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUFFIELD
               



            . I am stable-man to Mr. Hovee. I met the prisoner in Chiswell-street, about twelve o'clock- I told her her master and mistress were out after her - she offered me something in a handkerchief, which I would not take - but a young man, who was with me, took it home, and I detained her.


                  RICHARD 
                  FIELD
               



            . I was with Duffield. The prisoner said I might have the things if I would let her go - I took them, and left him in charge of her - there were some articles in the handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I took the prisoner. Onthe 8th of March, about 12 o'clock; Mr. Hovee delivered four table-spoons and tea spoons to me - the prisoner had a gown, a cap, and a shawl on her person - and she told me if I would go to Long-alley, I should find some more - I did so, and found more in Sweet-apple-court, and the other tea-spoons at a pawnbroker's.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Recommended to Mercy
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
