





357. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, nine sovereigns and fifteen shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Greves
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GREVES
               



            . I am master of a vessel
. On the 17th of December I came from Greenwich, and fell in with the prisoner between six and seven o'clock at night, near Cock-hill. She took me to a house in St. James's-place


 - I went to bed by myself; I counted my money, and had nine sovereigns and fifteen shillings. She went for a pot beer. I fell asleep before she returned. I had put my money under the pillow, rolled up in my trowsers-pocket. I awoke about twelve o'clock, and missed the trowsers and money. I found the trowsers by the bed-side, but the money gone. I came out, gave an alarm, told the watchman, and she was taken in a few minutes. I am positive that she is the girl. I had drank very little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KICHIE
               



            . I am a headborough. I went to the house, waited there, and the prisoner came out very drunk - I asked if she lived there; she said Yes, and that nobody had slept with her that night; we detained her. The prosecutor immediately fixed upon her as the woman. As we went before the Magistrate; she told me that she had robbed him, and she did not mind going to the mill, for she had been there before. A publican gave me two sovereigns, and fifteen shillings and sixpence.


                  HENRY 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a watchman. About ten minutes past twelve o'clock, I met the prosecutor, who shewed me the house he had been robbed at, and described the prisoner. We left him at the watch-house while we went to the house, and took the prisoner - he immediately said she was the woman; she asked me to get her some liquor; I said I could not without money - she said,
"Go to Mr. Marks, he has got the money."


                  RICHARD 
                  MARKS
               



            . I am a publican. The prisoner came to me about nine o'clock, for a pint and a half of ale, saying she had a captain to sup with her, and in ten minutes she gave me two sovereigns and two half crowns, to take care of, saying that he had given them to her.
Prisoner's Defence. When I met him, he was struggling with a woman, who would not take him home; he then turned to me, and asked if I would, and followed me up to my place, and while I was getting a light he was talking to two other women. He was very drunk; I went to get him a quartern of gin, and when I returned he was asleep, and undressed. I awoke him, and said he could not be there till he had satisfied me; he pulled his trowsers out, and gave me this money - I took it to Marks to take care of, and when I returned, the officers, were waiting for me. I do not know what I might have said, as I was drunk.
PROSECUTOR. I gave her four sixpences when I first went into the room, but no sovereigns. I knew what I was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
