






2142. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WHITFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, 2 sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Marson
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN MARSON
               



            . I am the wife of John Marson; we live in Feather's-court, Drury-lane; he is a cook
. On Saturday the 22d of September, about eleven o'clock at night, I went to Lamb and Gideon's, pawnbrokers, in Stanhope-street


 - I gave up a duplicate of a suit of clothes, which I pawned for 2l. - I laid two sovereigns on the counter, and was feeling for some silver, to pay the interest; the prisoner came in, and seized the two sovereigns off the counter - I seized his hand, and begged him not to rob me; he rushed out, and the door struck me a violent blow, as I followed him - I got out, and caught sight of him in a moment; he ran down two streets, and was taken at the corner of Duke-street.
Prisoner. Q. When I was taken to the watch-house, did not you say you did not know the man? A. No. I did not whisper to my husband.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPPER
               



            . I am shopman to Lamb and Co. Mrs. Marson gave me a ticket of a suit of clothes; a man at the same moment gave me one for a pair of trousers - I turned round to get them, heard an alarm, ran back, and saw a man going out, and the prosecutrix following him - I cannot swear the prisoner is the man who gave me the ticket, or who ran out - nobody has applied for the trousers; when I saw the prisoner in custody, he had on a black coat, and black handkerchief, the same as the man had.


                  EDWARD 
                  AVERN
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought into the watch-house - I found no money on him, but a duplicate which corresponds in name with the duplicate of the trousers.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPPER
               



            . This is a ticket in the name of John West; the one for the trousers is George West.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROWL
               



            . I was coming out of a house facing the pawn-shop, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running towards me - I caught at him, but he put out his foot, and nearly threw me down - I pursued him; he ran against a watchman, and was taken; he said, "What do you want with me? what have I done?" I said, "I don't know, you will know in a few minutes;" this poor woman then came up, and said he had taken two sovereigns - nobody else was running; he said his father was a Bow-street officer; but no such person is known - he made no resistance.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the shop - I was in the street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
