





209. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  SKINNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 22lbs. of cheese, value 11s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Jacobie
                  




               
            .
MARY 
               
                  ANN 
                  JACOBIE
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Jacobie
               



            ; he is a coffee-roaster
. On the 1st of December the watchman came, and asked if I had lost any cheese -I said No; but on looking round I missed it from about half way in the shop; I had seen it half an hour before -I found it at the watch-house; this is it - I can swear to it by a piece I had cut out of the side, and it has my father's name on it; it is dirty, because it was thrown down.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I was on duty, between nine and half-past nine o'clock last Tuesday evening - I saw the prisoner and another man - the prisoner had this coat, and something rolled in it; I followed him close, and said "What have you got there, friend?" he made no answer, but ran away- this was in the Back-road, St. George's in the East, where the prosecutor's shop is; I pursued, but I fell over some dirt - I got up, and sprang my rattle; I still pursued - I came up to him and said, "What have you got?" he said, "Nothing but this;" and gave me this coat - he said, "I was running after the thief;" he had dropped the cheese, but I did not see it drop - his hat fell off, and there was some hay in it.
JOSEPH WOODROW. I was going up the Back-road, and followed the prisoner; I saw him drop this cheese out of the coat, at the corner of Clark-street - I took it up, then threw it down, and followed him; I stopped him - Shields and another man took him; I had not lost sight of him after he had dropped the cheese - he only ran about thirty yards.


                  JOHN 
                  SKUES
               



            . About half-past nine o'clock last Tuesday, I heard the rattle; I ran up towards my brother watchman - as I turned the corner I saw this cheese on the ground; I took it up, and followed the prisoner - a woman took up his hat, and gave it me.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to carry a chest - I was returning home, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran after the man, and they took me instead of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
