





30. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 coat, value 50s,, and 1 waistcoat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wetherall
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM WETHERALL. I keep the Lamb public-house, in Hertford-street, Fitzroy-square




. On Thursday, the 26th of October, about one o'clock in the day, I found the prisoner in my parlour, with a pint of ale before him; when I came in he recognized me as having lived in part of the same family as himself, seven or eight years ago, and I recollected him; I asked what he was doing - he said he had come to town with his master for a week, to get some things - I asked who his master was - he hesitated, and I asked where his master lived; he paused, and then said his master was Mr. Rayne or Raynard, of Maidenhead Thicket; he said he would come and smoke a pipe some evening before he left town - he came next evening, and had a pipe in the parlour; he came to the bar about eleven o'clock, and asked if I could accommodate him with a bed, and the servant made him up a bed in the club-room - there were three or four suits of clothes in that room; he supped with me in the bar, staid all night, and came down about eight o'clock in the morning, saying that he had slept too long by an hour, and should get great anger, for his master would be up; he had a pennyworth of gin, and went away, saying he would come back to lunch, but did not. After he was gone I went upstairs, and missed my coat and waistcoat - I did not observe that he had any bundle; I have not seen them since - I did not see him again till the 17th of November, when he was apprehended; it was a blue coat, worth 40s. - I had had it twelve months, but had not worn it much; I would have given 1l. for the waistcoat - I had worn them the day before.


                  SOPHIA 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wetherall. I made the prisoner up a bed - I moved my master's clothes off the table to another table at the further end of the room; I missed them half an hour after the prisoner was gone - my master had missed them before me; another man slept in the house that night, but not in the same room - he went out before six o'clock, and had lodged there some time.
MR. WETHERALL. The other person slept at the top of the house; his name was Andrews - he had lodged twelve months with me; I never doubted his integrity.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a chair-man. I took the prisoner on the 17th of November, at the Weymouth Arms public-house, Portland-place - he asked where I was going with him; I said to High-street Office; he refused to go with me, but I made him.




               GUILTY. Aged 36. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
