





Before Mr. Justice Park.
350. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GUNTRIP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, seven coats, value 3 l.; three pair of trowsers, value 1 l.; a pair of breeches, value 10 s., and a pair of boots, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Tristram 
                           Radcliff
                        




                     
                  , to whom he was servant
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SMALLBONE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hall, a pawnbroker, of Marylebone. On Thursday, the 30th of January, the prisoner came and offered a great coat, a close body coat, and two pair of trowsers, in pawn for 2 l., which I gave him; he said they were his master's, and he was authorized to pawn them - that his master's name was Mr. Radcliff, No. 22, Upper Dorset-street, and that his own name was Guntrip. He came again on the Thursday following, with a great coat, a pair of trowsers, and a pair of breeches, and said he pledged them for his master, a plumber, named Hall, of George-street - I asked if I had not taken something of him before, he said, Yes; I asked if his name was Guntrip, he said, Yes, and that he thought he had redeemed the coat he pawned before - I said that was not the case, and detained him.


                  GEORGE 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Neat and Son, pawnbrokers, in Duke-street, Manchester-square. On the 3d of February, the prisoner pawned three frock coats for 17 s., in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Portman
               



            , No. 24, Davis-street.
MR. 
               
                  TRISTRAM 
                  RADCLIFF
               



            . I rent a furnished house by the week, in Welbeck-street, Marylebone


. The prisoner was in my service for eight months, I missed nothing till I received information from Mr. Hall, the pawnbrokerwho produced the clothes to me. They were in wear at the time. I never authorized him to pawn them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I meant to ask my friends for money to redeem them.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
