





THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
158. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CONDON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Whitehouse
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
ISAAC WHITEHOUSE. I am a traveller
, and reside at Birmingham. On the 3d of November I was in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles


, going to Oxford-street - I felt a twitch at my pocket - and thinking my handkerchief was being taken, I felt conscious the man would come before me, and in a moment the prisoner came before me - I saw his hand in his breast - I seized him, opened his breast, and found my handkerchief there - on seizing him, a man, named Connelly, and eleven or twelve others, sprang upon me and pushed me violently about; I lost my hold of him; but I got from them and seized him again; they seized me again, and Connelly cut my fingers, either with his nails or something else, and the prisoner got from me again - I broke from them and seized him again; not less than twenty persons then attacked me; and Connelly, who was one of the most active, seized me again; but Eldridge came up to my assistance, and I kept him till the officers came up - by this time there were not less than sixty of the lower orders around me; the prisoner and Connelly were finally secured, and committed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I was passing and saw this gentleman surrounded by a number of persons; I went to his assistance.



                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I was on duty near St. Giles on the 3d of November, with Clark; I saw the mob; went up, and saw the prosecutor struggling with Connelly, who held Mr. Whitehouse by the collar; the prisoner and Connelly were secured.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I was with Bartlett, and confirm his statement.
Prisoner's Defence. I never touched the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
