





1313. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  BELL
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Archibald 
                        Reed
                     




                  , on the 4th of June
, and stealing 4 pistols, value 5l.
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM DOUVENETT
               



            . I live with my mother, at No. 3, Gray's-buildings, Kingsland-road. On the 4th of June I was nearly facing Reed's shop between me and two o'clock, and saw the prisoner and another, they were going up the road - he looked into Reed's shop - I went away for about half an hour; as I returned I saw the prisoner taking some pistols out of the window - he took two or three: they were both there - there was a piece of board to the window which was broken; the prisoner put them under his jacket, and then they walked away; Miller, who was with me, went and told the master - the prisoner was then taken; I saw him drop one pistol from his coat -


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I live opposite Reed. I was in the parlour - a boy came in and gave me information; I ran across the road and stopped the prisoner; I did not see his companion; I saw one pistol lying on the pavement.
JOHN WINTLE. I am an officer. I was sent for and took the prisoner; I found 4s. and a knife on him - I found four pistols on the table at Mr. Reed's.


                  JOHN 
                  REED
               



            . I am brother to Archibald Reed - his dwelling-house is in the parish of Shoreditch


 - I do not know whether it is St. Leonard. I went out and heard a noise - the prisoner was brought back; I ran back and picked up one pistol; Ashton brought the prisoner up, and I took three pistols from under his coat.
Prisoner's Defence. A boy came up to me, and said,"Hold these pistols till I go next door - I shall be back directly."




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 4l. only
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
