





1745. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  FINN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 key, value 2s.; 1 spoon, value 8s., and 4 cruets, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN SMITH. I am an ironmonger
, and live in High-street, Bloomsbury


; the prisoner was in my service, but had left me. On the 18th of June I went to church, leaving Harris, my servant, in the house - this watch was on the kitchen-dresser as usual; on returning it was gone; it was worth 3l. - I have not found it.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What kind of watch was it? A. Silver; I had had it sixteen years; she was taken in about a week.


                  ANN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am Mr. Smith's servant. I was left at home alone; the prisoner came to the door; she asked for Mr. or Mrs. Smith; she was a stranger to me; I said they were not at home; she said "I know that, I am Mrs. Smith's sister; I will walk in and wait in the dining-room;" she went in, and I went into the kitchen; in about ten minutes she rang the bell; I went up; she asked me to go to Mr. Smith's, in Brownlow-street, and get her half a pint of home-brewed ale; I did not know it - but she directed me and I went; it was church-time, they would not serve me; I returned in ten minutes, and found the door a-jar, and the prisoner gone; in about five minutes I missed the watch, which was in the kitchen when I went out.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you never seen her before? A. No; she was talking to me a few minutes; she wore a black veil, but drew it aside to speak; I noticed her dress and features; I was five minutes in the room with her; she wore a white bonnet, black spencer, and white gown.


                  MARIA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor. On this morning I saw the prisoner pass our window twice, and look over at Smith's house; I then saw her cross to Smith's door and pull her veil down; she went in; I afterwards saw the servant come out with a jug, and shut the door; before she returned I saw the prisoner come out and walk fast up the street; she had a white bonnet, black spencer, and white gown.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoner a week after the robbery, in Nottingham-court, playing at cards with her husband; I said "You know what I want, and if you are honest you will let Mr. Smith examine your boxes;" she said "Indeed, I shall not, unless you have a warrant;" I took her, and the servant identified her; I found in her box a white bonnet, black veil and white gown.
Prisoner's Defence, The young woman has sworn false.




               GUILTY. Aged 30. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
