





1039. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 2 steel plates, value 13s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hurdlestone
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HURDLESTONE. I am a manufacturer of gold and silver lace
. On the 8th of April I had been to take some lace home, and was returning to my house about half-past ten o'clock at night; I was in Whitechapel


, the prisoner came up to me, and asked me to go with her; before I could speak to her, I found her hand in my right hand breeches pocket; I pulled it out - she ran away, and I immediately missed two steel plates from the pocket which her hand had been into - I pursued her, she ran into a young man's arms; I went to take her and the man knocked me down. I got up, and still pursued, but could hardly keep sight of her - I ran nearly a mile, till I could run no further; and then I called to a watchman to stop her, which he did. I had not lost sight of her; she went behind a man and woman, and was taken - one of the plates was found in the road, along which she had run.


                  HENRY 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the prosecutor cry Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running in Old Castle-street, towards Wentworth-street; I pursued, and stopped her - the prosecutor came up, and said she was the girl.


                  MOSELY 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a watchman. I picked up this steel plate, at the top of Old Castle-street; the other has not been found.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Castle-alley, and this man was standing there; he took hold of me, and said, "Now, I have got you;" I said, "I will give myself up to the watchman;" he came up, and said "What is the matter?" I said, "This man says I have robbed him, and I will give myself up to you;" the prosecutor said, "You were with another girl, who took my plates out of my pocket."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
