





549. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 fixture, (i. e.) 1 copper, value 10s., and 40lbs. weight of lead, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            , against the Statute, & c.


                  ANN 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I have the care of a house, No. 7, Kingsland-crescent


, which belongs to Mr. Edward Jones. On the 29th of January I was passing the door, and saw a man turning the lock, to go in - I did not see who he was, but in figure and dress he resembled the prisoner; I went and got Mr. White - we went to the house, and opened the door with my key, which I had with me; we went into the front kitchen, and found the prisoner standing, with his face towards the window; I asked him what he was doing - he said nothing: Mr. White then secured him - he was a stranger, and had no right there; we found this copper had been taken out of the brickwork, ready to carry away, and this lead, which had been over it - I had seen it safe in the brick-work two days before.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  WHITE
               



            . I went with Robson to thehouse; she opened the street-door with her key, and I found the prisoner in the kitchen - I found the copper, and this lead, which had been removed; I believe we have employed the prisoner, but I am not certain.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . The house belonged to me; Robson had the care of it. This lead and copper are mine.


                  JOHN 
                  BURTON
               



            . I was sent for, and found the prisoner - he said his name was White, and he came from Bromley - that he saw the door open, and went in to see the house; I found these two keys on his person, and in a cupboard I found this picklock-key, which unlocked the street door.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by the house and saw a young man go out; I went in, and was taken in three minutes. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
