





129. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LOWICK
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, six yards of linen, value 4 s.; four yards of cotton, value 4 s.; one coat, value 2 l.; two jackets, value 1 l.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; two petticoats, value 5 s.; three shirts, value 6 s.; one pair of ear-rings, value 10 s.; one shawl, value 1 l.; one gown, value 4 s.; two quilts, value 1 l., and one smock frock, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wegmeyer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FAGAN
               



            . On the 12th of June I gave the prisoner 10 l. to redeem Wegmeyer's things. He absconded, and did not bring them.


                  SUSAN 
                  WEGMEYER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Wegmever
               



            . I pledged a pair of trowsers at Williams's, Broadway, Westminster. I saw the prisoner with them on in the office. They belonged to my son, who is twenty years old. He had my son's shirt on also; they were not taken from him. My son left them in my possession - they were in our care. He is at sea.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . Mrs. Wegmeyer pledged on the 15th of June, one pair of trowsers. The prisoner redeemed them on the 13th of June.
Prisoner. I wish to know if they can swear to them. I have them on now.


                  SUSAN 
                  WEGMEYER
               



            . He has not got them on now - he has sown a patch over where I mended them. I am sure they are my son's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant,
