





881. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 1 half-pint of cauliflower seed, value 15s., and 1 quart of lettuce seed, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a market-gardener
, and live at Walham-green


. The prisoner had undertaken to do some trenching work for me, for which I was to pay him 4d. a rood - it would have come to 27s., but he left it unfinished, and had drawn 22s.; he came to me for the rest of his wages, and said "You b-y thief, do you mean to pay what you owe me;" I said "Go about your business, I will not have my house disturbed;" I sent for the constable, but he was not at home - I said, "If you don't go away, I will make you;" I went to make some resistance - he took up a large hoe and swore he would knock it into me; he then swore that if he caught me or my housekeeper out at night he would murder us, and said he would rob me that night, or some night, to the amount of 10l. - I did not miss any thing till I was told by my man of it, and then missed some cauliflower seed; I went to the house at which the prisoner lodges; I went into the house with one officer and another stood outside - this bag was thrown out of the window; the officer brought it in - it is my bag and my marking; there was lettuce and cauliflower seeds in it - I had missed some seed before I went to his place; the prisoner was in the house - I saw him taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IVIMEY
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. I went to the house with the prosecutor; when I had been there about five minutes, a window was thrown open; I went and picked up this bag of seed - I went into the house again, and found the prisoner behind the door; he said he had taken this seed from Mr. Carter.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to work for this man, and was to do so much work at 4d. per rood - I did it; and then we were to fork it and have 4d. a rood for that - he said, "Make your bill out and bring it;" I did so - he then said "You may go and look for your money where you like, you have not finished your work, there is a bit of hedging to put up;" I said "That will not take ten minutes;" we went to do that, and he told a man that he knew very well he could keep us us out of the money for a fortnight, as we must go to Hammersmith to get a summons, which will cost a shilling - after we had finished the work I went to him again on the Sunday, and met him against the gate, and two more with him; he said I might settle it how I liked, and worse than that; I went again about eleven o'clock; he said he had not time to talk to me - I said I had neither victuals nor drink, and the place I had been at work was where I must come for money; he began to abuse me, and I did him - at last he ran for a poker to knock me away from the door; I went across the yard and took a hoe to stand in my own defence; when I came back the door was shut - I do not say but what I made use of very bad expressions, but I did not strike the house at all; I took the hoe back to its place - I saw a bag of seed, and said I will take this till he settles with me for the money; he said I must do as I liked - I left the seed upon the binding-board and went away; in the afternoon I went again for my money, and he said he would not pay me - I took the seed, held it up, and said "I shall keep this till you pay." 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
