







835. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RAWLINS
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PRITCHARD
               




            , and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  DONOVAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 3l.; 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 watch chain, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 pair of scissars, value 1s., and 1 knife, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Tanner
                     




                  , from his person
            .

Mr. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
CHARLES TANNER. I am an independent gentleman
. - On Easter Tuesday, the 28th of March, I spent the evening with some friends - I was rather forward in liquor, and met the prisoner Donovan in Oxford-street, near St. Giles's - she invited me home with her, and I went, not knowing where she was going to take me - I had not much judgment. She took me to Bainbridge-street, St. Giles's


, as I afterwards found - we went into a back room up one pair of stairs, and it was agreed that I was to pass the night there. I undressed, and she took off her gown, but was very slow in getting her things off. I had two purses in my side pocket, containing silver and gold, and to the best of my recollection, I had a watch; I am certain I had had it two hours before. I cannot say but what it might have been extracted from my pocket before - I had come from the City, and had been walking about; I had a blue cotton handkerchief in my pocket. The prisoner then said I should give her the money before we went to bed, but I was quite unwilling to remain, from the appearance of the place, which was very mean and shocking - I said I would go away; she then said she would have some money, but I was unwilling to show where my purses were, as my clothes were off, and on a chair; I therefore declined giving her any at that time; she then sat down on a chair, took up the coat, and searched the hinder pockets; she threw the coat about several times, but did not discover the purses; she arose up again, and said if I would not give her some money she would soon call in some person who should make me - she then went outside the door, and instantly Pritchard came in; I had not heard her say anything outside the door. She came and stood on one side of me, quite close - he stood on the other - she began telling him that I would not give her any money - at that moment Rawlins came in at a window - they both stood by me, but said nothing. Donovan then took up the poker, held it over my head, and said she would dash my brains out, unless she had some money; she then struck me with her first under my right ear; I saw I had better concede to any thing then lose my life. I told her my property was in my waistcoat pocket; she then went back to the table, snatched up the waistcoat, and blew out the candle; they then all three went away with my waistcoat. I put on my clothes as fast as I could, went out, and called the watchman, Ryan - he went with me up to the room, and found nothing there. I described them to him - as we were going up the stairs I found my pocket handkerchief. We then went three or four houses off, up to the second floor - he knocked at the door, and said, "Let me in;" they said, "Who is there?" and I think it was the woman, who said, "We are all in bed;" the watchman said if they did not let him in he would burst the door open - the door was then opened; my waistcoat was laying on the table; the three prisoners were in bed together, and another woman, who is not here - Ryan and the other watchman made them all get up - Donovan was quite dressed, as when she left me; I believe the men had their coats off. I am certain the waistcoat was the one she took from the room.
Prisoner DONOVAN. Q. Did not you tell me I might take the waistcoat, and did I not take two letters and two small keys out of it, and say I would go and get a light? A. No.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 28th of March I saw Donovan come into the street, between one and two o'clock - and in the course of ten minutes afterwards she came out with a candle, and asked me for a light, which I gave her; she then went back into Jones'-court. I was going down Bainbridge-street between two and three o'clock, and the prosecutor said, "I am robbed by a girl and two men;" I went with him to the room, and found nothing there - I told him to be silent, as I had seen the girl come out of No. 6, and he had come out of No. 10. I got the next watchman, and went to No. 6 - I found the handkerchief on the stairs; I went up, and told them to open the door; one said, No, the door was locked, and what did I want - I said they must open the door - some one did so; we entered, and the three prisoners and another woman were in bed together - Donovan was dressed, and the others had their clothes off, except their shifts and shirts. The prosecutor said, "I can swear that is the girl, and these are the men;" he had described them before. I found this waistcoat on the table.


                  MORRIS 
                  LEONARD
               



            . I was called to assist Ryan - he has stated what is correct.(Waistcoat and Handkerchief produced and sworn to.)
DONOVAN'S Defence. These two young men are innocent. I never saw them till I went up into their room.
RAWLINS' Defence. I was in bed about twelve o'clock- about three I heard a knock; Donovan came in, and asked for a light; I said there was no light and no fire; she had not been there many minutes before she heard footsteps on the stairs; she appeared very confused, and ran to the bed - the door was only on the latch.
RAWLINS - GUILTY. Aged 18.
PRITCHARD - GUILTY. Aged 16.
DONOVAN - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
