





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
62. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTRIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 5 mills, value 3l., and 4 weighing-machines, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Yearly
                     




                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOWTER
               



            . I am a fixture-dealer, and live in Castle-street, Long-acre. I have known the prisoner about twelve months - I bought a coffee-mill and a pepper-mill of him, on the 23d of November - I gave 10s. for the two; they are not worth more. I sold the small one, and the other is here; I have bought some of him before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know whether he is the manufacturer himself? A. I always considered him so.
JOHN YEARLY. I am a mill and machine-maker
, and live in High Holborn


. The prisoner was in my employ four months, up to the time of his apprehension, as a journeyman weighing-machine maker
, at weekly wages. I received information, and went on the 29th of November, to Bowter's, and there saw a mill; I asked him the price, and desired him to put it aside - I returned in five minutes with Furzeman, and claimed it - it is worth 25s.; I know it by the make, and there is my name, and the name of my predecessor (Stockwell) inside - it had been made in my shop within three months - I do not believe it was ever sold. Bowter accompanied us to my shop, where the prisoner was at work, and recognized him as the man who sold it to him. I brought him into the shop, and asked him to tell me to what other places he had taken my property, as I had lost some weighing-machines -I said it would save me a deal of trouble, as I was determined to find it out; he then said, voluntarily, that he had sold two mills and two weighing-machines of mine, to Mr. Frost, of Castle-street, and some mills and weighing-machines to Levi, of Belton-street; we went to Frost's, and found two mills and two machines; we also found two mills and two machines, at Levi's - I know them all to be mine. I had missed such things the day before. I believe they have all been made within three months.
Cross-examined. Q. You have sold a great many? - A. Yes. I will not swear that these have not been sold.


                  SAMUEL 
                  THOMAS FROST
               



            . I dealt with the prisoner several years ago - and within the last few months I have bought some weighing-machines and mills of him - I bought them separately. The machines are worth about 15s. each; they are of a very inferior manufacture.


                  LEVI 
                  LEVI
               



            . I have known the prisoner above six years. Mr. Yearly claims two machines and two mills which I bought of him - I bought them separately; I gave 15s. for one mill, and 14s. for the other, but he was to alter the first.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I went with the prosecutor to Bowter's - we returned, and found the prisoner at work; Mr. Yearly charged him with robbing him - he acknowledged he had sold some mills and machines at Frost's and Levi's.
MR. YEARLY. I believe these things all belong to me, and have no doubt of their having been stolen; here is the copper pan of one machine, which I am certain was never sold - it was separate from the machine, but it was not complete without it; the mills are worth 12s. each, and the machines are worth 20s.; no one article is worth 40s.




               GUILTY. Aged 24. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
