





986. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     KELDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, 15 lbs. of copper, value 18 s., belonging to 
                     
                        Julius Ludolphus 
                        Schroder
                     



                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lutwych
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John William 
                           Bryant
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to belong to 
               
                  Julius 
                  Ludolphus Schroder
               



            , and fixed to a building of his.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am a patrol of Vintry Ward. On the 10th of July, between one and two o'clock in the morning, Dawson, the watchman, brought two pieces of copper to me, which he said he found at the door of the sugar-house in Maiden-lane


, they weighed 15 lbs. I went with him, searched the premises, and saw where the copper had been taken from, the mortar was quite fresh - we found a hammer and wrench just by, which it had been done with. The prisoner was brought down from the upper part of the premises; I took him to the watch-house, and put the tools upon the table. He said the hammer was his, but he did not know the wrench.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a watchman. Mr. Schroder's sugar-house is in my beat. Between one and two o'clock I saw a light there, and heard a noise like copper moving. I found the door not locked, and two pieces of copper outside on the threshold - the moment I called my partner the light was put out. Baylis went with me, the prisoner was brought down.


                  JOHN 
                  PETTIFER
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the copper at the door - the light was put out when I came up. I went on the roof of the premises with Mr. Schroder, and found the prisoner behind a chimney, brought him down, and asked him if he had any more with him? he said he was alone.
MR. 
               
                  JULIUS 
                  LUDOLPHUS SCHRODER
               



            . I am a sugar-refiner
. The premises were not at work at this time. I consider the buildings to be my sole property. I am in possession of them. I was called up by the watchman, and found part of the copper gone - it was the lining of some frame-work, it appeared quite fresh done. I fitted it with the copper that remained - much more was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the door half open, and went there to sleep, as I was turned out of my lodgings. When the watchman came I was alarmed, and ran upon the roof.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
