





1745. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 1 pair of boots, value 12s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sarjeants
               




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS SARJEANTS. I am superintendent of the Sailors' Asylum
. I do not recollect that I had ever seen the prisoner, but my wife shewed me a pair of stockings and a pair of boots on the 8th of July, which were mine.


                  MARY 
                  SARJEANTS
               



            . I am the wife of John Sarjeants. On the 8th of July I was in my back room on the first floor, and heard a strange footstep coming down the stairs; I went to the door, and saw the prisoner - I asked what he wanted; he said he had come there for relief: he said money was meant for such as him - he was distressed, and would have it; the office is in the house, but down stairs, and he was coming down from the attic; I told him Mr. Sarjeants was not at home, and he could not have it then; I saw something bulky under his frock - I came down after him to the street door, and said, "You have robbed this house!" he said, "I have not," and he ran about five yards, to the second house, when he took out the boots, and threw them down; I took them up - Mr. Smith ran and took hold of him, and brought him back; there were some other trifling articles found on him, which I had mended up to give to a poor woman.
COURT. Q. Had he been at your house before to ask for relief? A. I cannot say I recollect him; but I believe he was relieved, in December last; the office was then up two pairs of stairs; these are the boots he dropped - they have my husband's name on them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HABGOOD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner, and produce the boots; he swore most desperately, and said he would have his revenge on Mrs. Sarjeants.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I came to the assistance of Mrs. Sarjeants; I saw the prisoner drop the boots from under his smock-frock, and run off; I chased and caught him - I brought him back; his hat was taken off, and these stocking were found in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know what I did; I was intoxicated - they know I was.

MRS. SARJEANTS. I believe he was perfectly sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
