







1287. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah Henry 
                     Joyce
                  




               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HENRY JOYCE
               



            . I live in Crescent-street, Euston-square


. On the 5th of June this handkerchief hung up in my shop on a clothes-horse; a person could not reach it going by - they must have got on the step to reach; I saw it safe between eleven and twelve o'clock when I went out - the prisoners were taken at the time.(Property produced and sworn to)


                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live opposite to the prosecutor. On the 5th of June I saw the prisoners near his door, about five o'clock, standing on the step; I came out of my shop, and went in at a private door - I came out again, and missed the handkerchief; I went, and told Mr. Joyce's people of it - the prisoners had only got about twelve doors down the street; I did not see them taken.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  CONNELLY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Pearse, a neighbour of Mr. Joyce's. I saw the two prisoners running, and Austin putting this handkerchief into his trousers behind him - I ran after them, and they were taken in the middle of Euston-square, about a hundred yards from the prosecutor's; I saw the handkerchief found on Austin at the watch-house - it was claimed by Mr. Joyce.
Prisoner JOHNSON. Q. Who stopped us? A. Mr. Joyce's lad, and another person took up the handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEABORN
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoners at the watch-house, and found this yellow handkerchief in Johnson's hat; I searched, and found nothing else - I then ordered him to pull off his boots, and found one handkerchief in each of his boots; I found Mr. Joyce's handkerchief in Austin's trousers - it had this shop ticket on it; this waistcoat, which they said belonged to Austin, was put on the table at the watch-house.
JOHNSON'S Defence. I passed the shop door, and looked at some of the things; when I got about six doors further, the man took me.
AUSTIN'S Defence. I saw this at the door, picked it up, and the man came after us.
AUSTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
