





385. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVISON
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, six spoons, value 15 s. a pair of sugar tongs, value 5 s.; a coat, value 30 s. and acrown piece, the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Kidd
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
CHARLES KIDD. I live at Cobourg house, in the Fulham road


. The prisoner came to lodge with me on Thursday, the 2d of December; he took the second floor back room, and was to pay 5 s. per week; he left on Wednesday, the 7th, without any notice: I missed this property, which was locked up in a drawer in my bed-room, adjoining his room. I had seen the drawer safe locked on the Wednesday, and I found it broken open and the property gone next morning; the coat was in my first floor front room. I went up to clean myself at ten o'clock on Wednesday morning, and the prisoner opened his door, and put his boots out, and said
"Will you get my boots cleaned?" I locked my own door and went down, and gave the boots to the servant. I went up again to my room - the drawer was then perfectly right; he did not leave the house before I left on Wednesday morning - he went out afterwards; the coat had been in wear ever since last May - it was a great coat; I was at home about two o'clock, when the prisoner came home, and asked the servant to get him a mutton chop for his dinner, for which he gave her 6 d.; she went and got a beef-steak; I went out, then returned, and found the steak in the front of the fire - I asked why it was not gone up, and the servant said the gentleman is gone out.
Prisoner. The room on the first floor was often open.
Witness. It was always locked when no person was there - I am certain it was locked on the day he went away.


                  MARY 
                  ANN KIDD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I had not opened the door on the first floor; it was locked, unless the servant had left it open. I missed all the articles the day after the prisoner went - the spoons are here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cameron, a pawnbroker, who lives in the Strand. I have six teaspoons, which were pawned at our shop on the 31st of December, by a person very much like the prisoner - this is the duplicate I gave of them (looking at it).


                  JOHN 
                  LANGFIELD
               



            . This duplicate was found in the prisoner's box, which was delivered to me by Mr. Seymour.
(Spoons produced and sworn to.)
MRS. KIDD re-examined. We had two other lodgers in the house who did not leave it till last Friday.
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
