





1197. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HEATH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 7lbs. weight of mutton, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Collingwood
               




            .
EDMUND COLLINGWOOD. I am a butcher
, and live in Lamb's Conduit-street. The prisoner has been in my employ two years and a half - he was employed to carry out meat. On the 17th of May my wife was at the books, and took in the orders; she told me she was satisfied the prisoner had taken a loin of mutton, and put it into his tray - we let him load his tray, and as he went out I called him back, and asked him to account for the meat he had in it; I called over two or three joints, and then we found a loin of mutton, which was not chopped, nor the fat cut off - there was one other loin of mutton, which was in his orders; he seemed much confused, and I said to him "This is the way you have been robbing me ever since you have been here - you shall go to Hatton-garden" - he said, "I hope you are not going to hurt me" - he went out backwards; I thought he might have got away, and went after him - I found him in the privy; he went down stairs - I called him, and he went very reluctantly with me to go to Hatton-garden; when we got to John-street he said"I shall not go any further - I have to call on some one;" I said, "You can't go now;" he then set off, and ran as fast as he could - I had the mutton under my arm, but after a long time I collared him - he begged me to let him go.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. How many men do you keep? A. Five or six; there might be two or three customers in the shop, but none of my men; I have two customers (a Mr. Good and a Mr. Thwaites), who do not have the fat cut off their meat, but they have it jointed. The prisoner did not go their way.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  COLLINGWOOD
               



            . I have heard the statement my husband has given - it is quite correct.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor knows that a person of the name of Gold always has his meat without being chopped. I did not know of its being there; I told my master first that it was a mistake, and I did not know how it got there. It is the rule when we go out and take orders to take a joint or two, and put them into the tray, and then we weigh the orders.


                  HENRY 
                  DOSSITER
               



            . I have been two years and a half in the prosecutor's employ. I do not know any customer who takes meat without being chopped; but I have one, Mr. Thwaites, who has it with the fat on; I did not put this meat into the prisoner's tray. No butcher would think of sending out a loin of mutton uncut.
JURY to MRS. COLLINGWOOD. Q. Did you see him put it into the tray? A. Yes - I saw him put it in; I have his order-book here - here is one loin of mutton ordered for a Mr. Benbow, of Mecklenburgh-square - that was cut and jointed, and was on the top of the tray.
COURT. Q. Had you any suspicion of the prisoner? A. Yes. When he came in the took this mutton and put it into his tray, and then weighed the other meat, and put upon it; we never send out meat without being weighed and booked. They weigh their own trays - he weighed the other meat, but not this.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
