





1577. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HANCOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, 19 yards of cloth, value 15l.; 74 yards of kerseymere, value 22l., and 1 wrapper, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Zachary 
                        Langton
                     




                  , and others, his partners, to whom he was a servant

.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am in the employ of Pickford and Co. - Zachary Langton is one of the partners. I saw this bale of goods at Bow-street


 - the prisoner has been in our employ three or four years - we pay the Captain, who pays him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WISE
               



            . I am porter at Messrs. Pickford's. I remember a bale of goods coming, directed to Mr. Sclater, Knutsford; I saw it opened the next day, and it contained seventy-six yards of kerseymere in one wrapper - it was brought to our warehouse from the Castle inn, Wood-street, on the 3d of August; I saw it in the warehouse - it was to go to Knutsford, by Pickford and Co.'s canal boat. It was the duty of the shipping clerk to put it on board; the prisoner was boatman to Messrs. Pickford and Co.; this truss was to have gone by a Liverpool boat; I saw the prisoner going across the warehouse with it - he had no business with it, because he was not loading that boat then - this was about nine o'clock at night; I was at work in the warehouse, and he set the truss against the door, near the scale where they weigh the goods; I went out, and when I returned I saw the prisoner - the truss was gone; I went up to the door to see where he was gone with it, and he was carrying it in his arms, up to the far end of the boat - it fell into the water - he took it up, and put it in a place where they put coals- not where they put goods - when he came back I asked what he had been at, and what that was which he let fall in the water; he said he supposed it was a block fell off the boat; I then went and told the gentleman of it - they came out and we went and pulled the boat back, and found the truss - the prisoner was then gone out.


                  EDWARD 
                  POWNER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Pickford and Co. The prisoner was a boatman - it was not his duty to remove this truss - he had nothing to do with it; on Thursday evening Wise said they had got something in the boat which they had no business with; I went and took it out, and saw the direction on it; it was not to have gone by that boat - it was loading for Leicester; the prisoner belonged to that boat; the bale was found among the coals - not a proper place to stow goods; I saw it opened afterwards - it contained seventy yards of kerseymere.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . This kerseymere is worth 22l., and the broad-cloth 15l. - making 37l. together.


                  JOHN 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I am a porter. The prisoner gave me 6d., to go and get a drop of beer, and while I was gone he made away with the truss.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MOORE
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner; he said he knew nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
