





609. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  STARBUCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 2 brushes, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 shoe-horn, value 3d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 2 caps, value 1s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 skirt of a gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, value 4d.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 1 piece of calico, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 night-gown, value 2s., and 1 muff, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wade
               




            .
ELIZABETH WADE. I am single
, and live in William-street, Hampstead-road


; the prisoner has lodged with me about ten months; the articles stated were in the drawers, in my bed-room; I missed them on the 15th of January, when the prisoner had been gone out about three quarters of an hour; I expected she would come back, but she did not - I did not find where she was till the 18th.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  DOHERTY
               



            . I produce these articles, which I got at No. 20, Union-court, Holborn; the prisoner and her mother were there; I found the articles in a bag, behind the bedstead; I charged the prisoner with taking them, and, a few minutes before I locked her up, she requested me to beg the prosecutrix not to lock her up, and to be as lenient as possible.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARLE
               



            . I live where the prosecutrix does. On the 15th of January last, I was going home, and the prisoner walked with me up the New-road; I saw a bit of gown hanging out of her muff, but I did not know she was leaving the prosecutrix; when I went home I stated what I had seen, and these articles were missed.
Prisoner's Defence. The reason I left the prosecutrix was, because she used me so ill; she is nothing more than myself, a common prostitute; and when I have not been able to walk, she has driven me out in the pouring rain, and took every farthing I got. I wished to leave her, and to return to my mother, and reform my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
