





709. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     CRANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 15 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Fraile
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am footman to Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Fraile
               



            , who lives at No. 60, Russell-square


. On the morning of the 15th of May we missed this lead off the privy in the back garden - I saw it safe two days before. I was awoke about a quarter past four o'clock in the morning by a female servant, who said somebody was stealing it - it was daybreak. I got up; we searched the garden, and found three pieces of lead - one piece in the garden, one on the parapet, and another in the next garden, they were rolled up. I left the watchman in the garden and went up stairs for my stockings. I looked out of window, and saw a man going over three garden walls into Mrs. Hoffman's garden, he had a long coat and a hat on. I saw him in custody before five o'clock that morning. The watchman brought him out of Southampton-mews. By getting over the walls he might drop into that mews. He had the same kind of a coat on as the man I saw get over the walls.



                  LETITIA 
                  OAKLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Hoffman, of No. 57, Russell-square. About three o'clock in the morning I got up, went to the window, and saw a man at the corner of Mrs. Fraile's garden, he was stooping. I opened the window, he tried to conceal himself behind the trees. In a few minutes I heard a noise like a hinge or something knocking, which alarmed me. I called the watchman, he sprang his rattle, and another came. I saw him get over Mrs. Fraile's wall and seven other walls, the last of which led into the back of Bedford-place and Bloomsbury-square, he could then get into the mews. He had a bottle-green loose great-coat on. I saw a man jump from a house at the corner of the mews, and run along the mews about three-quarters of an hour after. I watched him getting over the walls till that time.


                  JAMES 
                  ARTIS
               



            . I am footman at No. 59, Russell-square. I was awoke a little before four o'clock by the watchman's rattle. I looked out of the window, and the watchman asked me if any man was in the gardens? I then saw a man going out of the gardens over several walls; he had a dark loose great coat on. I had a side view of his face, and can swear the prisoner is the man. It was quite light. I and the watchman went into every garden in Bedford-place till we came to Bloomsbury-square, I then saw him at the top of the stables in Southampton-mews, sitting behind a chimney. I called to him, he came towards me, and said,
"It is no use making a resistance." As soon as he came to the parapet wall, which is twenty feet high, he jumped down and the watchman took him at the end of the mews. I am quite sure he is the man - I had a full view of his face.
JOHN SIMMONDS. I am a watchman of Russell-square. About a quarter past four o'clock in the morning Oakley alarmed me; I placed watchmen in different directions, and went round myself to the mews, hearing he was coming that way, and stopped him - he had a loose brown great coat on.


                  MATTHEW 
                  RAGAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner drop from the stable, he was secured.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARONEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I found part of the lead in Mrs. Fraile's garden, and part in the adjoining garden. I was present when it was compared with the building, it exactly covered the privy, and matched a small piece at the end which was left.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZEMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I compared the lead - it was nailed at the sides, and this was cut out of the middle - it matched exactly; there was above 100 lbs. of it. On the seat by which the prisoner stood at the lock-up house I found a knife, he told me to notice that I did not find it on him - no person there claimed it.
WILLIAM LIGHTFOOT. I am a watchman. I collared the prisoner in the mews.
Prisoner's Defence. A bricklayer told me to come for a job; I went up a ladder to the tiles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
