





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1790. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, a watch, value 2 l.; a seal, value 6 d., and a waistcoat, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Palmer
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JANE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Palmer
               



             - we live in Long-alley, Moorfields


; I keep a clothes shop. On the 16th of August, about three o'clock, I stood opposite my door, and saw the prisoner come out of my parlour, and run through the shop - I had not seen him go in. I followed him, hallooing out,
"What do you want?" I was convinced that he had taken something, and pursued him for half a mile; he was brought back by a mob: I had lost sight of him several times - he called Stop thief! himself frequently. I returned to the shop, and missed a watch off a nail over the parlour fire-place - I had seen it safe at twelve o'clock, and I think at two. When he was brought back I said he was the man; I put my hands round him, and said,
"Give me my watch, and go about your business" - he said,
"I have not got it now," or
"I have not got it," and pulled a waistcoat from behind his coat, and said,
"There is a waistcoat I have taken, it is not worth above 1 s.;" it had laid on a bale of old clothes, on the left side of the shop. I think I have seen him at my shop once before, selling a pair of stockings; but am certain he is the man who ran out of the shop. I have not found the watch. I had been from the shop a very few minutes.


                  HANNAH 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I was standing opposite Mrs. Palmer's, and heard her say a man had run out - she ran after him immediately; I stood at her door till she returned: nobody went in during that time. When the prisoner was brought back she felt about him, and said,
"Give me my watch, and go about your business" - he put his hand behind his coat, and took out a waistcoat, and said,
"Here is your waistcoat, it is not worth above 1 s.; I have no watch."


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the cry, but did not see the prisoner till he was taken. I found no watch on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The constable who brought me to Newgate said,
"The lady means to try you for your life - you have got into bad hands, for she is an old offender, and will do all she can against you." I was passing her shop, and seeing some phials in the window I went in to buy one. I picked up this waistcoat; rapped on the counter, and called out
"Shop!" but no one answered. I came out, and she said,
"There is a man come out of my shop; Stop thief!" I said I had stolen nothing - she followed me, and gathered a crowd. I met a friend, who said,
"What row is this;" I said I did not know, but would go back, as the waistcoat might be owned.
MRS. PALMER. I value the watch at 40 s.; I had had it six or seven years.
GUILTY. Aged 38.
Of 


               stealing to the value 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
