






1099. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GALLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 5 lbs. of beef, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gardner
               




            .
JOSEPH GARDNER. I am a butcher
, and live at Lisson Grove


. On Sunday morning, the 19th of June, I missed some beef which hung up in the shop late the night before; when I came down that morning at eight o'clock, I found one piece lying in the shop, and the piece in question gone; I saw by some fat on the rails, over the door, that it had been drawn through there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I live in Lisson-grove. On the morning of the 19th of June, I was looking out at my window, and saw the watchman going across the road with a stool in his hand, which he placed against Mr. Gardner's shop door, and with a stick he drew a piece of beef over the door, which he took away; I had seen the same man before crying the hour, and as soon as he had taken the beef he cried the half-hour - I cannot swear that the prisoner is the man.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I went to the prisoner's house on Sunday, the 19th of June, and found his wife cooking some bacon - I found this piece of beef in the cupboard; I took the prisoner into custody on the charge; he said he hoped Mr. Gardner would forgive him: I heard at the watch-house that he had been the watchman on duty that night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought this piece of beef on Saturday morning, in Oxford-market.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  RAYMENT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gardner; I saw the prisoner before our house as watchman on that Saturday night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
