






566. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAMS 
                  ADAMS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 86 lbs. lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BLANDFORD
               



            . I am porter at the Gloucester coffee-house


, kept by Mr. Henry Wilson, at the corner of Berkeley-street and Piccadilly


. The officer brought theprisoner back to our house with the lead. I believe it was on the 20th of March. I saw it fitted to the larder where lead had been cut from - it is part of the dwelling-house. I first missed it on the evening of the 18th. I had seen it safe in the evening of the 17th.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday morning, the 18th of March, about five minutes past six o'clock, I was coming up Vigo-lane, turned round Saville-row, and saw the prisoner coming towards me, Adams had lead on his head in a bag, and Hughes had a basket under his arm. I said,
"You are the very chaps I have been looking for all the morning," Adams had passed me. I said to Hughes, I want you - he said to Adams,
"This man wants you" - Adams turned round and said he would be d - d if I should not carry the lead myself - he threw his basket of lead down and ran away - I followed him - he got away, Hughes escaped up Saville-row; next day he was brought to Malborough-street. I took Adams on the Friday following. I am sure they are the men, I knew them before, both the bag and basket contained lead. I took it to the watch-house and marked it. I was present when it was fitted to the larder - it corresponded exactly. I had left it at the watch-house with Pepper.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable. I produced the lead, it weighs 86 lbs. I took it to the Gloucester Coffee-house, and fitted it - it fitted in every respect.
HUGHES'S Defence. I am innocent.
ADAMS'S Defence. I am innocent.
HUGHES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
