





1550. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BALLINGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, one copper, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Morgan
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  DUNN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th of October, about six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Edward-street, and saw the prisoner with this copper on his head - Fry, another watchman, asked where he got it; he said,
"Not from far." Fry said," You must take it back then" - he said he would. We followed him to the top of Union-place - he was then crossing a meadow, and said he was going to the house over the bridge, where his father lived - Fry brought him back with the copper to the top of Edward-street. I went up, and he immediately left the copper, and ran away. I secured him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty. Dunn's account is correct. The prisoner said he was going home with the copper - I said he could not move things at that time; he said he would return with it. He pointed to a house in Maiden-lane, and said Smith lived there. I knew it was Camplin's house, and took him back - he said he should not carry the copper about in that way - I said,
"Then I will." I laid hold of one end, and as soon as I called Dunn he ran off, but was secured.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live in St. Pancras


. On the 9th of October, about seven o'clock, I came down and missed the copper from the wash-house. The one produced has been fitted to the hole, and matches.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . The watchmen brought the prisoner and copper to my house about six o'clock in the morning. I compared it at the prosecutor's house; it fitted exactly.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a man gave him the copper on the bridge in Maiden-lane, to carry to the Colonade in Russell-square.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUNN
               



            . He said nothing of this sort to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
