






580. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CAMDEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, ten yards of cotton, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Darwell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LANCASTER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Darwell
               



            , a linen-draper
, who lives at Cock-hill, Ratcliff


. On the 9th of march, at a quarter past eight o'clock at night, Brown informed me two persons had taken a piece of print from the door. I pursued the prisoners, and overtook Camden. Brown said he was an accomplice with Burn. I charged him with it - he denied all knowledge of it. I gave him in charge.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was going by Darwell's shop, and saw the prisoners and another opposite the shop. Burn crossed over and took a piece of print from the door, and ran towards Shadwell-office. I went in and told them. I and Lancaster went towards Shadwell-office, and coming back met the prisoners, one on each side of the way. He took Camden, and Burn got away. I knew Burn before, and am sure they are the men.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EDNEY
               



            . On the 9th of March, between eight and nine o'clock, I stood at my father's door, which is within four doors from Mr. Darwell's, and saw a piece of paper with 10 d. marked on it. I picked it up, looked further, behind a hatch-door of the next house, and found a piece of print, which Darwell claimed.
JOHN BROWN. I apprehended Burn on the Sunday following.
CAMDEN'S Defence. I was coming by the house, and was taken.
CAMDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
BURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
