





600. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 1 leg of mutton, value 4s. 2 1/2d., 15 shillings, and 9 1/2d. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Merrett
               




            .
WILLIAM MERRETT. I am a butcher
, and live in Bowyer's-court, Tottenham-court-road. Between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday morning, the 20th of January, the prisoner came and asked the price of a leg of mutton; I said 7d. per lb.; she offered 6 1/2d., and I told my boy to weigh it; he said it was seven pounds and three quarters, which came to 4s. 2 1/2d.: she told me to sent it to Great Russel-street, with change for a sovereign; I put it into the boy's basket, and sent him with the change, but he was not to part with the meat or the change till he got the sovereign: he returned in about five minutes, and gave me a sovereign, which was a bad one, and said I was to send two pounds of beef suet: I went to the house the prisoner had described, but there was no such person known there: I then took my stick and went down to St. Giles's, where I saw the prisoner; I said I wanted her - she said she had never seen me or ordered any meat; this was within a quarter of an hour after she had been at my shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live with Mr. Merrett; I was at home when the prisoner came and bought the leg of mutton; I did not know her before, but I am sure she is the person: I took the meat, and the 15s. 9 1/2d. to Mr. Harwood's, in Great Russel-street, as she had directed, but I was ordered not to leave them without the sovereign - when I got there, I saw the prisoner standing at the door, but a man came up to me, a few yards from the door, and asked if that was for Mr. Harwood; I said Yes; he said,"Give it me, and the change, and run back for two pounds of beef suet:" he took the mutton and change, and gave me the sovereign, which I took to my master - the prisoner was at Mr. Harwood's door, about two doors off, at the time - the prisoner and my master had both desired me to leave it at Mr. Harwood's.


                  JANE 
                  GOODACRE
               



            . I live at Mr. Harwood's, No. 21, Great Russel-street; I know nothing of the prisoner, but Mr. Merrett came to our house on that Sunday morning to know if there had been any order about a leg of mutton - I said No.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I only came out of the country on the Friday before I was taken - Mr. Merrett came and asked if I had been to his shop, I said No; he took me into a shop and asked what I had got in my apron, and he found a piece of bacon, and some tea and sugar.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
