





359. 
               
                  
                     LUKE 
                     FREE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Bond
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 21st of January
, puting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 6 l.; one chain, value 30 s.; one seal, value 5 s., and one key, value 5 s.
            , his property.
BENJAMIN BOND. On the 21st of January, I was walking home to dinner, about half-past one o'clock. I am lame. I was in Gower's-walk, Whitechapel


, and was accosted by a youth, not the prisoner, he looked at me indifferently, as he passed me; my face was towards Rosemary-lane, and his towards Church-lane; when he came abreast of me he rushed upon me with great violence, and snatched my watch from my pocket, with such violence that the outside case came off, and fell on the ground - he got the watch and appendages, and ran off as fast as he could; I cried Stop thief! pretty loud, and at that moment my attention was drawn to the prisoner, who was fifteen or sixteen yards from me; I had seen him before the other man came up, loitering about, and looking towards me. I do not think he was walking when I first saw him; I did not suspect him, and thought he might stop the other, but he did not; but when the man that robbed me came up to the prisoner, there were three of them, and all ran off together. I rather trembled, and was almost overcome; I sat down in a house for a few minutes - he was apprehended the same evening.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . On the 21st of January, I saw the prisoner standing by our door, in Gower's-walk; I noticed him, and saw another lad come up to him, he was about fourteen years old: he said to the prisoner as he turned the corner
"Now." I looked the other way, and saw another lad, of the same size, standing by the corner, and immediately, as Mr. Bond turned the corner, I saw the lad snatch the watch out of his pocket, and run off by our door. Mr. Bond cried Stop thief! I could not get out of the house to pursue him as the table stood by the door, but directly the lad ran off the prisoner ran to him and hit him on the head. I saw the watch in his hand, with the chain hanging out; the lad directly gathered the chain up in his hand, and all three ran off together. A dog ran out of a cooperage and ran after them - the prisoner beat the dog back twice.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 21st of January, I met Bond in Lambeth-street, about three minutes walk from Thompson's; he said he had been robbed of his watch - Thompson was with him, also a cooper, who described the persons. I went with Thompson to look for them, and between seven and eight o'clock, I found the prisoner at the Anchor,public-house, Lower East Smithfield; I took him from the description I received of his hat; I found 9 s. 6 d. in his pocket. He said he knew nothing about it. Next morning Thompson and Bond came to the office - Bond said he had no doubt of his being one of the three.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . He is the boy the other ran up to.
Prisoner's Defence. Miller told my master not to come and give me a character.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . It is false.
GUILTY - Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
