





1452. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 18th of September
, a purse, value 1 d.; a sovereign, a half-crown, four shillings, and four sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gregory
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Lucy his wife

.


                     LUCY 
                     GREGORY
                  



               
            . My husband's name is John - we live in Water-lane, Blackfriars; he is a green-grocer
. I was in Covent-garden market


 on the 18th of September, buying some things, and had a purse in my pocket when I entered the market; it contained a sovereign and some silver in it. I paid for some grapes; and just as I had put my purse into my pocket I felt something at my side; I said to my daughter,
"Sally, my purse is gone." I looked round, and saw a boy running; I cried out,
"My purse is gone!" my daughter and some others pursued him - he was followed, and stopped at the distance of three streets. I overtook him - I did not see him stopped; my purse was delivered to me with 1 l. 8 s. 6 d. in it - the prisoner was a stranger to me.



                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness, by her former husband. I was with her about nine o'clock in the morning: I saw her buy some things, and put her purse into her pocket, and in an instant she turned, and said,
"My purse is gone." I looked, and saw the prisoner running away, and did not lose sight of him till he was stopped; there was another boy with him, who said,
"It was not me, it was the other." I held the other for a moment, but he bit my wrist, and I let him go, and pursued the prisoner. I called Stop thief! and he was stopped; he told the people who stopped him that he had broke a window, and they were about to let him go, I said,
"Don't let him go; he has got my mother's purse;" he said he had not, and turned out his pockets: there was nothing in them - he then pulled off his hat; one of the men said,
"You are surely satisfied?" I said I was not - he then put his hand into a pocket behind him, and took the purse out.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCHALL
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The purse was thrown at me - I picked it up; some boys threw a halfpenny at me, I thought it had broken a window, and ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
