





2109. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 1 half-crown
            , the money of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Chasemore
               




            .
CHARLES CHASEMORE. I am a butcher
, and live at Fulham; my father is manager of the toll-house at Fulham-bridge


; this half-crown was stolen from me; I was toll-keeper that day; the prisoner trimmed the lamps at the toll-gate
; this occurred about four o'clock in the afternoon - I counted up 9l. worth of silver, and put it into a drawer, locked it, and put the key into my pocket when I went off duty; the prisoner came at five o'clock to trim his lamps; he kept his oil and cotton in the toll-house; after I had told the money twice, my brother counted it in my presence.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The money was all in silver? A. Yes; there were some half-crowns, but I do not know how many; there was no half sovereign; while the prisoner was there I was obliged to go out to the door, to attend my duty at the gate; I do not know that he had any key to open the drawer; when he was searched a razor was found on him.


                  HENRY 
                  CHASEMORE
               



            . I am the brother of the last witness; I saw my brother lock the drawer - I counted the money twice over, and there was 9l. - we had strong suspicion of the prisoner - the drawer was locked with a common key; when I counted the money afterwards there was only 8l. 17s. 6d.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear that no person was in the place but the prisoner? A. Yes; I do not know that it was stated before the Magistrate that there were other persons there; I swear there were several half-crowns among the money; I do not recollect saying any thing to the prisoner - I do not know what my brother said to him - I was in and out of the toll-room; I never heard him make him any promise to my knowledge.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer, and apprehended the prisoner; he said he knew nothing about the charge, and denied it altogether; he then said if I would let him go to his prosecutor, he would let him know all about it; I took him to old Mr. Chasemore; the old gentleman did not say he should be forgiven if he told what had happened; he told him he was in the hands of an officer, and the law must take its course; the prisoner then said he opened the drawer with a key, which he threw into the water.


                  HENRY 
                  CHASEMORE
               



            . I do not know where my father is.
RICHARD CUFF. I belong to Bow-street; I found the key where the prisoner said he had put it, near Putney-bridge - it opens the prosecutor's drawer.
CHARLES CHASEMORE re-examined. The boy has been with us four years, and down to lately we had a good opinion of him: my father never promised the prisoner any favour - he is very ill.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
