






Before Mr. Justice Park.
411. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAKER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, forty guineas; one 10 l., forty-seven 5 l.; and eight 1 l., promissory notes; forty 5 l., and three hundred and twentyeight 1 l., Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sparkes
                  



               
            , and others his partners,
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Augustus Robert 
                     Hankey
                  



               
             and others his partners.
MESSRS. BOLLAND and ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am clerk in the banking-house, of Messrs. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sparkes
               



             and Co's. of Exeter. On the 5th of December, I enclosed the notes stated in the indictment, in a parcel for the Exeter subscription coach, of which Baker was the guard, and had carried parcels for us for many years, containing money to a large amount; he received 6 s. 8 d. a parcel, for himself, besides the carriage - he knew that it contained money; we had no regular time to send them, he was always to carry them sown up in his pocket, and to deliver it to Messrs. Hankey, or their resident clerk, I sealed the inside cover and directed it to Messrs. Hankey's, No. 7, Fenchurch-street, and the outside one, to the guard of the Exeter subscription coach, and sowed it up in his left hand outside coat pocket; his coat was on at the time. I have since seen five of the 5 l. country notes, at the Mansion House.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. The parcel in question, I believe was to have been sent by the five o'clock coach, but the guard who went that time, being a stranger, you sent it by Baker - A. Yes. I took the numbers of the country notes. His coach left Exeter, at six o'clock in the evening. I sewed the parcel in his coat, about twenty-five minutes before six o'clock; I saw him the next time he came to Exeter, which was on the following Monday; we had not sent a parcel by him, for more than four months before.
COURT. Q. Where, were the five notes you saw at the Mansion-house, made payable - A. At Messrs. Hanbury's. We sent parcels much oftener by the morning coaches, than by Baker, as he was evening guard, (looking at a parcel,) this represents the size and appearance of it, and is about the same weight.


                  JOHN 
                  CORK
               



            . I am resident clerk at Messrs. Augustus 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hankey
               



             and Co's. banking-house, and know Baker perfectly well. On Friday night, the 6th of December, about half past ten o'clock, he came to the banking-house, and said, he had bad news to communicate to me, that he had lost the parcel, I said how could that be; he saidhe found it cumbersome, and took it out of his pocket, and put it in the coach seat. I detained him until eleven o'clock, when Mr. Hankey came home, he was then suffered to go, upon promising to come next morning, which he punctually did. Nothing was said to him in my hearing, he was permitted to go away. He seldom brought parcels from the Exeter bank, but when he did, they were always sown up in his pocket, and which is the way all the guards bring them, and we unstitch them at the banking-house - I never recollect a guard bringing a parcel in any other way, but once.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How long had you been in the habit of receiving parcels from Exeter - A. I have been there five or six years, and generally receive them myself. He said, he had lost it at the White Horse-cellar he believed, and accounted for his calling so late, by saying he had been after two female passengers; he usually came between seven and eight o'clock - he said he missed it first at the Bull and Mouth, but had seen it safe at the White Horse-cellar, and had returned there, and told them he had lost it. That he took the address of the female passengers, which he gave me, they were Holman and Masters. We had received no advice of the notes, or we could have stopped them - he gave me all the information in his power, and was permitted to go on his journey on Saturday night.


                  MARY 
                  HOLLOWAY HOLMAN
               



            . I came from Exeter by the subscription coach - we left about six o'clock in the evening, on the 5th of December. Baker was guard - we stopped at the White Horse-cellar next evening, about six o'clock, (after dark), Baker appeared then to have a white coat on, the same as when we left Exeter. At the White Horse-cellar, Mr. Barnett came and looked over all the parcels on each side of the coach - I did not observe him take any out. I told him there was one he had not seen, he then looked at it, but did not take it out; it appeared to be a white parcel, like the one produced. I did not see Baker at this time. Barnett shut the door after him, there was a woman in the coach with me. Soon after Barnett left, Baker came into the coach on the same side as Barnett with a lantern, and looked at the parcels in the seat - and while he was looking, I heard a voice on the other side of the coach, the window was down, but the door shut - Baker only looked into the front sent where the white parcel was. I could not distinguish what the voice said, but Baker said something, which I supposed to be answering the voice, and almost immediately left the coach. I did not observe him take it away - he shut the door, and after that, I heard a voice on the road side, saying,
"Hand me that parcel," I turned round to the woman in the coach, and said,
"That parcel is wanted." I lifted up the seat, and gave the white parcel to the man who spoke.
Q. What induced you to give that parcel - A. It was the first I laid my hand upon, and thought of course if it was not right, he would have returned it. I had not seen it before Barnett came. I did not see the face of the man I gave it to, so as to know him again - we drove to the Bull and Mouth, and soon after arriving there, Baker asked me if any one had come into the coach to look for parcels - I said,
"No one has been in the coach, but the person you was speaking to asked me for that parcel, and I gave it to him," he made no answer, but turned round, and said to the people who stood near,
"I must go back to Piccadilly." I heard him say,
"It is that fellow Bob there;" I saw no more of him. The other woman went to the Bull and Mouth with me - I got out first.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Baker applied to you for your address - A. Yes. There was no other passenger but the woman and her child. I believe Barnett keeps the booking office at the White Horse-cellar. I believe there were outside passengers.
Q. When you told Barnett that one parcel had escaped his attention, did he not say,
"Oh, that is the guard's parcel" - A. He might have said so, but I have no recollection of anything of the kind.
COURT. Q. When the guard came to look, I suppose you moved to let him open the seat - A. No; he only looked at the front side - he might have taken anything away without my seeing it. Barnett looked at both sides. The woman came outside part of the way; but being very wet, she came in in the morning.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I was a passenger by the Exeter coach. I got inside about seven o'clock in the morning, as it rained hard - we got to the White Horse-cellar about seven o'clock in the evening. A gentleman came with a lantern, and searched both sides of the coach, but took no parcel out. Baker came soon after, and looked in at the coach seat, but took nothing out. I forget whether he had a light; I did not hear any voice - I had a child. Mrs. Holman and I sat on the same side, with our backs to the horses - we stopped on the left hand side of the road; Mrs. Holman was next to the road, and I next the pavement. After Baker went away, a man came and asked for the parcel, it was a man of Thomas's appearance, but I am not certain of him - he opened the door, and said,
"Will you have the goodness to give me that white parcel;" Mrs. Holman rose, and lifted up the side where I was sitting (I had moved my seat after Barnett came) and gave him out the white parcel, which was like the one produced; we then went on to the Bull and Mouth. Baker asked for the parcel, and said he did not know what he should do - he must go back to the White Horse-cellar about it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. He took your address, I believe - A. Yes; Mrs. Holman told Barnett there was a parcel he had not seen - he returned and looked at it - he said nothing about it being the guard's; he merely touched it, but did not take it up.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What time did you come to town - A. About seven o'clock; it was dark - the person who demanded the parcel, opened the door on the right side.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENNIS
               



            . On the 6th December, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I and my brother Phillip were going up Holborn, to Mr. Hemmings, a hardwareman, of Broad-street, St. Giles; with some Waterloo crackers, which we make - and in our way, saw the prisoner Thomas in company with three others, at the Bell and Crown, Holborn; about the inn gateway. I had seen him before, and stopped to notice him - we went and stood at Furnival's Inn-gate; I saw Thomas and his companions talking together, and whipping about the inn. The old Salisbury coach came out, and drovetowards Oxford-road - one of the three men had a great coat over his arm; they all ran with Thomas to the first coach-stand, beyond Middle-row - and there he and two others got into the first chariot. I saw no more of the fourth man. We followed the chariot up Holborn, down Little and Great Queen-street, Lisle-street, and in Piccadilly it stopped; at the corner of Arlington-street, all three got out; two of them ran round the hind part of the coach, and just as they got out, the old Salisbury coach came up - we had then got into the road to see who came out of the coach; Thomas was then on the pavement - the other two crossed over to the old Salisbury coach; we then went and stood by the Gloucester coffee-house door, one of the two men put on his great coat, and appeared as if he was going off by the coach; but seeing the old Salisbury coach full inside, they went to another coach which stood on the opposite side, on the Arlington-street, side, the horses heads being towards the City. They crossed behind the coach; we went round the horses heads, I walked by the coach door, and the two who were in great coats appeared to be assisting a lady out, and Thomas stood behind them, with his face towards the coach door. I then went by, and the guard stood against the hind-wheel with a light in his hand, looking over some boxes; I do not know who the guard was. I then crossed the way to the corner of Berkley-street, and stood looking over a post, and saw Thomas come round the hind part of the coach, and go up to the road-side of the coach, which was nearest to me. I did not see him doing any thing, but he came away stooping, with his hands on his knees, and appeared to be looking under the coach - he went up a second time towards the coach door, but I could not see what passed; he then came back holding his hands in front, and when he went to the corner, I saw he had something white, which appeared to me to be a parcel - the other two who had been at the door joined his company; I crossed the way, and went up Berkley-street; they passed close to me. I walked over to the coach, and saw Exeter on it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What are you - A. A fire-work maker. Mr. Hemmings's son has a toy business, and I was going to him with the crackers - my brother had the crackers. I generally go with him to see what they fetch - we had done work, and I went with him; we trotted all the way to the White Horse-cellar. The old Salisbury coach went another road; we got to Piccadilly before it.
Q. When did you mention all this - A. Directly I saw the bill up in Long-lane.
Q. Offering 500 l. reward - A. Yes. I thought there was something wrong, but I would not get myself into trouble till I was sure of it. I went to Mr. Brown, the City marshal, according to the direction on the bill, and he sent for Forrester - this was about a fortnight before Christmas. My brother said,
"Let us go over, and ask the guard if he has lost anything;" I said we had better not get ourselves into trouble, because we were not rightly certain, and if anything was lost it would be advertised. I hardly knew whether to go and ask the guard or not.
Q. Did you ever come into this Court, at the same door as the prisoners have - A. Yes, but my innocence was proved. I was told I should be asked about that, and offered money to keep away. I have been tried here twice, but it was when I was a boy, and might be among bad company. My innocence was proved both times.
Q. When did you first hear the guard was in custody - A. When I saw the bill. I knew nothing about Baker being committed till Martin told me he stood for trial on the following morning, which was the day after I gave the information - that is the first I heard of his being taken up, to the best of my knowledge - I will not swear it, as I might have heard it. I never read it in the newspaper. I was tried here about the year 1810; I cannot recollect the time, for I have been at work ever since, and do not wish to remember it - it was thirteen or fourteen years ago; I am thirty years old. I was only tried twice. The reward offered is 500 l. upon conviction and recovery of the property, and 200 l. upon conviction, whether it is recovered or not. I believe the guard to be innocent.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You watched them from the first, and never saw the guard do anything - A. I did not.
COURT. Q. How did you manage to keep up with the coach - A. We ran all the way. The horses were bad, or we could not have kept up with it. I had seen Thomas before in bad company, which was my reason for watching him.


                  PHILIP 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I am a fire-work maker. On the night of the 6th of December, I was in Holborn, with my brother, and saw four men - Thomas was one of them; I did not know them before, but I took particular notice of him. He walked up and down by the gateway, and kept looking up, and in about ten minutes, the old Salisbury coach drove out of the Bell and Crown; they all ran after it to the first coach stand by Middle-row, then Thomas and two of them got in. We followed the coach down Little and Great Queen-street, Long-acre, and Lisle-street - it stopped on the left hand of Piccadilly; they got out. The Salisbury coach came up, and two of them ran up, leaving Thomas on the pavement - one of them took hold of the dickey of the Salisbury coach, and gave a swing; they then went on the pavement, and one put on his coat; they stood at the coffee-house door. Thomas was on the other side of the way. The two then crossed the road to the pavement, by the Exeter coach, (I cannot read, but my brother read the name;) they went round the back part of the coach; we crossed and went round the horses' heads. I stood by the hind horse, and my brother walked by them, as they stood at the coach door. I saw Thomas go round the hind part of the coach, and leave the coach door - the other two stood on the pavement at the coach door. Thomas came away in about a minute, with his hands before him, and the other two men one on each side of him, looking at his bosom. I was behind and could not see what they were looking at. They went away.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Where were you going - A. To take some Waterloo crackers to Mr. Hemmings. I had them tied in a handkerchief. I asked my brother to go with me - he had half the profits; he generally goes with me. I did not see them do anything to the Salisbury coach. I mentioned this matter at the wine vaults in Fleet-market; they told me the guard was taken up, and I ought to mention it - I went to my brother directly, and said,
"If you don't give information, I will;" Itold him the guard was taken up. He said he would go and let them know of it. I heard of the reward along while afterwards. I do not know when my brother gave information.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. What made you stop in Holborn - A. To see what these men were about. I knew nothing of the Salisbury coach being in the yard, till it came out.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROWE
               



            . I am a freeman and porter of the City. On Saturday morning, the 7th of December, about ten o'clock, I was at my stand in Angel-court, Throgmorton-street. The prisoner Thomas came and gave me five 5 l. notes, and said,
"Go to Lloyd's, and get me sovereigns for these" - Messrs. Jones and Lloyd, live in Lothbury, but as I was going along, I observed that he was mistaken, and that they were payable at Messrs. Hanbury and Lloyd's, of Lombard-street; I went there, received sovereigns for them, and brought them to him. I had asked where he would be, he said,
"Up in these chambers," pointing to the first door in Angel-court - but on returning I met him at the end of the court; I think I walked on to the door, and gave him the sovereigns in the door way - he then took out six more 5 l. notes, and said,
"You may as well go and get me these done," they were payable at Messrs. Hoares and Barnett's, and were Tavistock Bank notes - I got sovereigns for them. He met me about half way down Angel-court, where I delivered them to him - he put them into his pocket, without counting them, and gave me 2 s.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You have not always expressed yourself so certain of his person - A. I did not swear to him at the Mansion House; I swore that I believed he was the man - I felt as confident of him as I do now. When I was shewn into the room at the Mansion House, I said,
"That is the man who employed me." I am not a ticket porter - I was one for three years, one of my bondsman died - I provided another, who was not accepted. I have a badge; it is merely my name, and stating that I am a freeman; I produce it. I thought this a singular circumstance when I saw him put the money into his pocket without counting it. I then thought he might be a servant who had robbed his master, and went and gave information at the banking-houses, as soon as I saw it in the papers, which was on the Tuesday or Wednesday. I never had the least doubt of his being the man.


                  MARY 
                  CREEDON
               



            . I sell fruit in Angel-court. I know Rowe; he stands opposite the Auction-mart. I saw him give a handful of sovereigns into Thomas's hand; he was waiting at the post close by me. I am certain he is the man - he did not count the sovereigns. I saw him for upwards of ten minutes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am clerk at Messrs. Hanbury's and Co., and produce five 5 l. notes paid on the morning of the 7th of December.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. How do you know that you paid them that morning - A. By the numbers - I was applied to about them on Monday, and found we had paid them on Saturday. They are Weymouth and Dorsetshire notes,


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . These are five of the notes I enclosed in the parcel. I know them by a red ink number on the back.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dennis
               



            , I apprehended Thomas on the night of the 15th of January, about ten o'clock, at a public-house in Tash-street, Gray's Inn-lane, sitting in the parlour with a woman. I called him by name, and said I wanted to speak to him; he came out into the court. I said, I did not know whether he knew me, but that I knew him very well, and he must go with me, on suspicion of robbing the Exeter subscription coach; he said he new nothing about it, and would not go. I collared him, and called Thomas and 
               
                  Phillip 
                  Dennis
               



            , who were in the court; he then said he would go quietly with us. I got him near the top of Gray's Inn-lane; he there tried to wrench himself from my grasp, and said, he would go no further, that he was in the country, and I should not take him out of it. (I am a City officer.) I forced him into a coach, and took him to the Compter, and found eleven sovereigns on him in a purse, three gold seals, a ribbon, and two keys; he refused his name or address - he knew I was a city officer.
The prisoner Baker put in a long written defence, stating, that he did not miss the parcel till he arrived at the Bull and Mouth, when he used every exertion to recover it, and went to the banking-house to inform Mr. Cork, supposing they had received advice of the parcel, in which case, they could stop the notes before they could be presented for payment, that it was the common practice of the guards, to take their parcels out of their pockets, on account of their being so cumbersome, and that he had no idea of his having to convey the parcel till within half an hour of the time the coach started.


                  ROBERT 
                  OXENHAM
               



            . I am guard to the Exeter subscription coach. There are two coaches, the one Baker is guard to, leaves at six o'clock in the evening, and arrives in town about seven o'clock next night - it is one hundred and eighty miles from town; he would have to get up and down between thirty and forty times in the journey. I have had banker's parcels sown up in my pockets when I left Exeter, but in consequence of the inconvenience, have frequently taken them out. He has been guard for eight or nine years.


                  JOHN 
                  BESFORD
               



            . I was coachman. On the night the parcel was lost, Baker told me at the Bull and Mouth, that the parcel was missing; he immediately went off to the White Horse-cellar, and was very anxious about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a clerk at the booking-office, White Horse-cellar. Baker came back on the evening the parcel was lost, to see if it was mislaid, and appeared very anxious about it.
MRS. HOLLMAN re-examined. There were two ladies got out before we got to the White Horse-cellar.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BAKER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
