





1645. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  RICHARDS
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, three shirts, value 30 s.; seven cravats, value 7 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 9 s.; a pair of drawers, value 1 s.; a bag, value 6 d.; seven pairs of stockings, value 10 s.; a waistcoat, value 10 s., and a towel, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Constable
               




            .
CHARLES CONSTABLE. I am an attorney
 of Symond's-inn. On the 15th of October, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Taylor
               



             brought me some linen from her mistress, and I gave her the dirty linen, stated in the indictment, to take back; I paid her a sovereign - she tied it in the corner of a handkerchief, and carried away the linen in a bag and a basket.
ANN TAYLOR. I am turned eleven years of age. I live with Mrs. Smithers. I took the linen from Mr. Constable, and tied the sovereign in a handkerchief - I put the bag in a basket, and a cloth over it. I went on to the Bull public-house, at Somer's-town, where I saw the prisoner, whom I had seen before; she said, "Will you go on an errand for me?" I said, "I will run home with these things, and then go." She said, "Can't you come now? it is only just here." I said, "I am afraid to leave the things;" she said, "You had better go now." I put the things down at the corner of Smith-street, and went to a tailor's shop to get some work and five shillings for her. I left my brother with them - and when I was going, he cried, "Nancy! Nancy! the woman is running away with the things." I went back, and cried - "Stop Thief!" - a gentleman went and brought her back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a constable. I received charge of the prisoner from Mr. Fielder, who gave me the property.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I live in Brook-street, St. Pancras. On the morning of the 15th of October, I heard the little girl cry - "She has got my things." I saw the prisoner run with the basket, and followed her into a court. I found her in a privy with the basket, which I took up and gave to the constable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
