







1018. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMALE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 7 cwt. of iron, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Wiggins
               



            , the elder, and 
               
                  William 
                  Wiggins
               



            , the younger.
JAMES FOGG. I am a constable of the Thames Police. Mr. Wiggins is a contractor for the St. Katharine's Docks, and has a smith's shop

 on his premises where he repairs his carts; on the 4th of June, about six o'clock in the morning, I saw a cart with his name on it at that shop, there Smale and Smith work; Knight is a farrier
, and was there that morning - I left a brother officer to watch the cart, and I went some distance, as I was afraid the men would know me; the cart afterwards came by where I was; Smale was leading the horse - Knight was in the cart leaning over the front, with a hammer and a pair of pincers in his hand, and there was a long piece of wood in the cart; Mr. Wiggins has some other premises at a little distance, where Knight works - I let the cart go on till it got past there- I then went and stopped Smale, and asked what they had in the cart; he said, "A little old iron;" I said,"Where have you brought it from?" he said, "From St. Katharine's," which I understood was St. Katharine's Docks; I said, "I know better than that, it is one of Mr. Wiggins's carts, and you brought it from there;" he said,"Yes, and Mr. Wiggins allows it us as perquisites to get a drop of beer;" Knight heard this, and he said, "It is only for a drop of beer, master, it is not worth while taking us back:" I asked if Smith knew any thing about it; they said, Yes; I then went down to Mr. Wiggins, and saw Smith; Mr. Wiggins' foreman was with me, and he said to Smith; "Here is a nice thing, Smale and Knight are at the Thames Police;" Smith said, "What for?" I said, "For some iron they have taken from here this morning; do you know any thing about it?" he said, No; I said, "You must know it was taken from this place; you must have seen it go, it is a small place;" he then said,"Why I saw it go, and Smale told me Mr. Wiggins allowed it to him as a perquisite;" I asked if Mr. Wiggins had told him that; he said, No, it was only what he had heard from Smale; there was 7 cwt. of iron in the cart: part of it was nails; they were at the top, and the large pieces of iron at the bottom.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What time in the morning was this? A. About six o'clock - there were several men at work on the wharf, but not at that place; I do not know whether the prisoners were employed by Mr. Wiggins at that time - there was a piece of oak in the cart, which I believe was to blind me - they had no business with it; I did not see Smith do any thing; I did not see Knight do any thing, but he told me it was a perquisite - Smith afterwards said he would attend at the Police-office; it was mostly old iron - there were some new pieces.


                  ROBERT 
                  MUTTON CREBER
               



            . I went with Fogg - I staid and watched the cart; it was standing with the tail on the ground, and the shafts upwards; there was no horse in it- Smale was at work at the other end of the wharf, not far from the cart; Smith was at work at a little distance -I saw Knight bring something heavy, and put into the cart; Smale could see what Knight was doing while he was loading the cart - while he was doing it, Smale went into the shop, and came out again; he gave a look into the cart as he went by, and went to his work again - I then saw him put his head to Smith, as if he was speaking to him, but I could not hear what was said; I then saw Smith come and undo the prop of the cart; he tried to pull it down, but could not - he went into the shop, got a hammer, and went to his work again; I went to the other side of the wharf, and saw a truck drawn in by a brown horse; I watched, and saw the horse taken and put into the cart, but I could not see by whom; the cart was then drawn out - I kept close behind; Knight was in the cart, and Smale led the horse.
Cross-examined. Q.There was no horse in the cart at the time you saw something put into it? A. No; I thought it was iron by the sound; I did not know Knight before -I could see it was a very heavy substance that he put into the cart.
WILLIAM WIGGINS. JUN. Our firm consists of my father, 
               
                  William 
                  Wiggins
               



            , and myself; the cart and the iron were ours - I believe there is about 7 cwt. of it; I had seen some of it in the shop on the Monday - Smale and Smith were wheelers, and Knight was a farrier, employed by my brother-in-law.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever said you would take every means in your power to prosecute Knight and transport him, but you cared nothing about the others? A. No, I did not; I have said I heard the officer had information that the iron was to be stolen - I can swear to part of this iron; this piece is part of an axle-tree of a cart; I broke up fifty of them, and cannot find one - many pieces of bolts were on my premises, and I have not seen them since; here is one piece I can swear to; I never allow pieces of iron to the men to get beer - I never heard of such a thing in the trade; some of these pieces may have been on the premises twelve months, and some not two days; they were up in a corner.
SMALE'S Defence. This large piece of iron I was going to make a tool of for Mr. Wiggins.
SMALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.




               Confined Twelve Months
            .
