






58. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANCIS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, a fixture, (i. e.) a copper, value 5s., of and belonging to 
                     
                        Phillis 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , widow
, and fixed to a dwelling-house of hers
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to have been fixed to a building of hers.


                  AMOS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I did belong to Bow-street, but am now a labourer in the East India Company's service. On the 31st of October I was coming out of my own door in in Dorset-crescent, Hoxton New-town, about half past seven o'clock in the evening - I saw the two prisoners together - Francis had the copper and Howson had Francis' hat in his hand; I knew them and followed them; when they got some distance Francis shifted the copper to Howson; when they got to Old-street they crossed the road, and put it down; I went over and asked what they had got there; Howson said an old iron pot; I put my stick against it, and found it was a copper - Francis then ran off - I seized Howson, and took him with the copper to the watch-house. Francis was taken by Grafton the next morning - I had known them both before.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAFTON
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information from Barnes, I took Francis in the brickfields, beyond Newington-green.
PHILLIS JOHNSON. I am a widow, and lived at No. 7, Edward-place, Ball's-pond


. I now live at a short distance from there; I had been at that house on the Thursday before, and had fastened it up - no one lives there now, but I have to pay rent till Christmas. On Tuesday morning, the 1st of November, I passed the house and saw one of the shutters broken down; I went in and saw a stove taken from the fire-place, ready to carry away; I then missed the copper; it was brought to me the same evening. I am quite certain that it is mine - my husband was a butcher - I used to scald pigs in it, in doing which I placed a stick across it, which has made those marks.
FRANCIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
HOWSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
