







423. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOBIN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, two gowns, value 4 s.; two shifts, value 2 s.; a petticoat, value 1 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 10 d.; a shawl, value 1 s.; four yards of ribbon, value 4 d.; a pocket-book, value 1 d.; fifty cards, value 1 d., and twelve shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Murphy
                        



                     
                  ; and four coats, value 1 l.; three waistcoats, value 7 s.; a pair of breeches, value 4 s., and a pair of braces, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fitzmaurice
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a milk-woman
, and live with Fitzmaurice, in the kitchen of a house in Tower-street, Seven-dials


. I know Tobin. Last Thursday fortnight, I left my room about half-past one o'clock, leaving a child eleven years old in the room - I came home at four o'clock, and every thing I had was gone out of my box. I lost the articles stated in the indictment. I saw my gown and shawl at Bow-street, on Monday.


                  THOMAS 
                  FITZMAURICE
               



            . I live with Murphy. I went out a little before eleven o'clock, and returned about half-past four. I missed my things. We found the prisoners at Bow-street.


                  HENRY 
                  WILD
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Holland, pawnbroker, of Museum-street, I have a gown, and two waistcoats pawned on the 6th of February, by Tobin, about five o'clock in the evening.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  JOHN CONDEL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Tobin on Sunday morning, in bed, in King-street, Seven-dials. I told him the charge - he said nothing. As we went to the watch-house, he burst out crying. I went to him there at eleven o'clock, and received information, and took the prisoners in bed together, in Church-street, St. Giles's. I said I wanted them for felony. I found in the room, a shawl, three odd braces, fifty cards, and a skeleton key. There was a crow-bar in the prosecutor's room, the door of which was broken open, and the hasp forced off - part of the door was cut away with a knife, and then wrenched. They did not account how they came by the property.
Prisoner BURGESS. Q. Did I not say that Tobin brought the things to my place for me to buy them - 
               A. 
            He said so at the watch-house. Thomas said he was innocent, and if he could go home, he would return all the things back.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BURGESS'S Defence. He could not swear to the coat at Bow-street.
TOBIN'S Defence. I have lived fourteen weeks in the prosecutor's house, and was never out after six o'clock.
THOMAS'S Defence. Tobin told the officer I was innocent. I was locked out that night, and went to sleep with him.
BURGESS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
TOBIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
