





27. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 6 d., and two keys, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dove
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  DOVE
               



            . I live in Nassau-street, Middlesex Hospital. On the 30th of October, about seven o'clock in the morning, I was in Lombard-street


, my silver hunting watch, was in my fob, and a bundle in my hand - three men stood, two with their backs against the post, and one against the wall at the corner of Clement's-lane, leaving just room for one person to pass between them; I attempted to pass, but they rushed upon me, and took my watch; I am sure the prisoner was one of them - I pursued them, crying Stop thief! they all three ran as far as Birchin-lane, where they separated, the prisoner went up there, and the other two along Lombard-street - I did not lose sight of the the prisoner till a post stopped him, my watch has not been found - I charged him with the robbery, he denied it, and said he was only walking along the street. I am quite sure he was one of the three.
Prisoner. Q. Was I running when I was stopped - A. I think he was, I came up immediately as he was stopped.


                  CATHARINE 
                  WELSH
               



            . I am a market-woman, and live in Gilbert-street, Bloomsbury. I was going up Lombard-street, about seven o'clock in the morning, and heard the prosecutor crying Stop thief,! and saw three men coming along with pipes in their mouths, one ran and the other two walked to the end of the street - the one ran up Birchin-lane, I went up the lane, and called out Stop thief! the prisoner walked with another person to the end of the street, and then ran, he was stopped.
Prisoner. Q. You told the Lord Mayor that another man passed me in Birchin-lane - A. The first man ran up there, then the prisoner ran up also, he was one of the three I am certain.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOROUGHGOOD
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given to me in Birchin-lane - I found nothing on him, Welsh was by, and said he was one of the men who ran away, he said nothing till after I took him away, he then said he knew nothing about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Snow-hill, and turned down Birchin-lane, I heard the alarm, saw nothing, and went on, the prosecutor and woman turned the corner, and said "Stop that man, he is one of them", I said I knew nothing of it, he said he would hang me if it laid in his power.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
