






1930. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BISHOP
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DUMON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 1 writing-desk, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ann Clementia 
                  Teschemacher
               




            .
MISS ANN CLEMENTIA TESCHEMACHER. I am single
, and live in Prospect Cottages, Barnsbury-park, Islington


; this writing-desk stood in my drawing-room. On the 26th of September I was in my parlour, which is separated from my drawing-room by a passage; between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was alarmed by a violent ringing at the bell - I got up, and went to the window - I saw two persons standing by our rails, the gate was locked - they said a robbery had been committed - I went into the drawing-room, and found the window and blinds wide open; the blinds had been shut before, and the window a little up, to admit the air - I was then desired to look about the room, and I missed the desk, which I had seen on the table; but I cannot say I had seen it that day.


                  ROBERT 
                  OLDFIELD
               



            . I am a milkman. On the 26th of September, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoners with another person, at the corner of Prospect-row - I passed them twice, and went home, which is two hundred yards off - I was working in the field, and saw them looking about - I saw Bishop go into the fore-court, and get over the iron-rails into the prosecutrix's fore-court, and get in at the window: he came out in two minutes with something wrapped in a bag or apron, and gave it to the man, who is not here - Dumon stood at the corner, while Bishop went in, and the other received the article from Bishop, and went down Brooksby-street - the prisoners went another way - I rang the bell, and told the lady - I followed, and took them in Park-street - a man, who works for the lady, seized Dumon, who knocked him down - the street-keeper came by, and took them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were they strangers to you? A. Yes; the parcel seemed about the size of a desk.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I live in Elliott-place, Lower-road, Islington. I saw Dumon strike another man, and knock him down - I secured him and Bishop - I found on Dumon a bad sovereign, or gilt farthing, and one of Bramah's patent keys.
BISHOP'S Defence. He swore to Dumon first, and then to me.
BISHOP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
DUMON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
