






47. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  COLEMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November

, 5000lbs. of iron, value 14l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Galloway
                     



                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIDSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. A. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.

MR. RICHARD GALLOWAY. I am the son of Mr. Alexander Galloway, whose factory is in West-street, Smithfield; the prisoner Davidson was our clerk
; it was part of his duty to receive the iron which came into the factory, to see that it corresponded with the invoice, and enter it in a book; Coleman was our carman
 - it was his duty to fetch iron from the wharf. On the 6th of November he was employed in fetching iron from Messrs. Drew's wharf, Steel-yard, Upper Thames-street, to my father's premises; he brought, on the 6th of November, to my father's premises, two single horse-loads, about 25 cwt. In consequence of the information, which Mr. Carden gave me that day, I went to Mr. Dobell's yard, in St. John's-street, and from the information which I got there, I went to Llewellyn's, in Cow-cross; I then returned to our manufactory, and saw the prisoner Coleman just entering the yard with a load of iron; I called him into my father's office (this was before twelve o'clock) - I did not hold him out any promise or threat whatever; I asked how many loads of iron he had brought that morning from the Steel-yard; he said he had brought in three loads that morning - I knew myself he had brought but two, for I had seen him deliver one load, and he was then bringing another in- he had left the premises about half-past seven o'clock in the morning; he delivered one load about nine, and it was between eleven and twelve when I questioned him.
Q. Was the time taken in the delivery of these two loads more than usual? A. It certainly was considerably longer than he should have been; he said this was the third load; I denied that he had brought in two, previous to the one then in the yard; after hesitating a little, he said the one he had just brought in was only the second; I asked if he had been any where else with any iron that morning from the Steel-yard; he said he had not; I then asked whether he had not taken a load to Mr. Dobell's yard, in St. John's-street; he said Yes, he had; I asked by whose orders; he said by Mr. Davidson's; I asked whether he had received any money from Mr. Davidson for having conveyed any iron that morning by his orders; he said he had received no other money but 2l. - 1l. on the former week, and 1l. on the day before, which was Monday; he did not say what iron he had received it for, but that he had received but 2l. from Davidson: I saw Davidson, and asked him how many loads had been delivered that morning by Coleman; he also said there had been three delivered by him, and that the load then in the yard made the third; I then asked whether he had given Coleman orders to take iron to Dobell's yard; he said he had; I asked if he had given him any money for conveying that iron; he said he had given him 1l. yesterday, but I had stated the two transactions together.
Q. In what way were orders given to your carman? A. When we have a quantity of iron at the wharf, it has happened, that after I have given a written order for the delivery of the whole, that Davidson has given a verbal order for a single load; if iron was to go any where without coming to to the premises, it should be weighed at the wharf, and a delivery and receipt note made out - that is the invariable practice; Davidson said there was no note on this occasion, and Coleman said so also.
Q. Was the authority of Davidson sufficient for the carman to deliver iron? A. Certainly not; I went to Dobell's yard in the afternoon, after this conversation; I also went before the Magistrate at Guildhall, then to the stables of a man named Birmingham, in Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross, and there found a quantity of Madely-wood pig-iron, with that name cast on it; I took it away in our cart - it weighed about 30 cwt. odd; it corresponded in quality with that at the wharf, and had the name on it - I had given the carman a written order for the conveyance of the Madely-wood iron from the wharf; he was to bring the whole to our manufactory, and did bring it there previous to the 6th of November.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have not got the order here? A. No; it was given to him to deliver to Messrs. Drew's; my inquiry about the iron in the former case, was also on the 6th of November; the conversation was kept up some time, and we were separated before it concluded; Coleman was separated from Davidson - I had taken one into another room; the prisoners' situation had not been altered while they were in our employ; the iron in question was the first that I questioned Coleman about; he did not say he had delivered one load by order of Davidson till I asked him the question.
Q. Did he not say he had delivered two at the yard, and one by his order at another place? A. Yes.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Which of the two transactions took place first? A. This is the first I questioned him about; the other iron was first taken, but it was not discovered till the 6th of November.


                  JAMES 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Drew and Co., at the Steel-yard. On Tuesday, the 6th of November, I assisted in placing three loads of pig-iron into Mr. Galloway's cart; I do not know the name of the iron- I delivered it to his servant.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have an immense quantity of iron there? A. We had a quantity of iron belonging to Mr. Galloway, but, at that time, had no pigiron but what did belong to him; I delivered the first load to Coleman about eight o'clock, or a little after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWDERY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobell, of St. John's-street; he has stables in Peter's-lane, and keeps a place for killing cattle. On Tuesday, the 6th of November, I remember Coleman bringing some iron to the yard in a cart, with Mr. Galloway's name on it; he shot it down in the yard; I asked whose iron it was; he said the man would be there presently; it remained there about an hour and a half, and was removed in a cart, which came for it; I do not know the name of the man who fetched it; Davidson was present when it was fetched - he said nothing to me - he spoke to Mr. Carden about it; what he said I do not know - I saw the horse and cart which brought it, and the driver the same day, opposite the Ram Iun, Smithfield, with some iron; Mr. Carden rented premises for drying bacon in Dobell's-yard; I had never seen iron brought to the yard but once before.


                  ISAAC 
                  DOBELL
               



            . I keep the Black Bull public-house, St. John's-street. On Tuesday, the 6th of November, about nine o'clock, I was called up, and saw this iron down in the middle of the yard; I did not know who brought it, or or whom it belong to; I immediately ordered Cowderoy to go and inquire who it belonged to, and ordered it immediately to be removed, as it stopped the passage of carts into the yard; Davidson came up to me afterwards, and I quarrelled with him about bringing the iron there; I told him hemight as well take possession of my yard and house at once, as to put iron there without my leave; he said it should be removed.
Cross-examined. Q. There was a great deal of iron there, was there not? A. Only this; the other had been moved about a week or more before; my yard is in Middlesex - I do not know who moved the iron away.
COURT. Q. Was Mr. Carden there? A. Yes, the whole time, because it stopped his cart from coming in; nothing passed between them while I was there.
MR. CARDEN. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Newgate-street - I rent premises in Dobell's-yard. On Tuesday morning, the 6th of November, I saw this iron in the yard; Davidson was talking to Dobell when I first saw him, and after Dobell left, I saw him giving directions to a carman, to convey away some iron, which I had complained of, as being in the way of our carts; I did not know him before. I heard, in the yard, in whose employ he was; I inquired of him what was the value of the iron which was then loading in the cart - he said from 5l. to 6l. a ton; I asked if he was a dealer in iron; he said he was - that the lease of his own premises had expired, and he had engaged Dobell's yard to put his iron in. In consequence of what I saw I went and informed Mr. Galloway.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it Coleman who was removing it? A. No.
ISAAC DOBELL re-examined. I had had no conversawith Davidson about taking my yard; I was angry with him for placing the iron there.
- BIRMINGHAM. I am a jobbing carman, and have a stable in Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross, Middlesex. On Tuesday, the 6th of November, Davidson came to me, as I was waiting for a job, and asked if my horse was engaged; I said, No; he said, "Will you go and move a load of iron for me?" I harnessed my horse, and he took me to Dobell's yard; he walked before me to show me the way - I there found the iron - he told me to back the cart up, and begin to load, which I did; I put it all into the cart, and asked him where I was to go with it; we went over to Greenhill's-rents; I asked where I was going with it; he said, "The lease of my premises is expired, and I will give you 1s. to let it remain in your place;" it was deposited in my place.
MR. R. GALLOWAY. I saw the iron on this man's premises, and moved it by our cart to our manufactory; we had about 30 cwt., and it was the same sort as we had at Drew's.
Cross-examined. Q. Nobody else has that sort of iron, I suppose? A. Oh, Yes; we never sold any; we work it up; it was worth 7l. or 8l. a ton.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  GALLOWAY
               



            , ESQ. I am proprietor of the premises in West-street. On the 6th of November Coleman was in my employ, and was sent to fetch iron from the Steel-yard; I recollect seeing him about the middle of the day - I asked him how many loads he had brought that day - he said, "Two" - I said, "Only two?" - he then attempted to hesitate, and at last reluctantly acknowledged it was three - I then asked him if he had delivered those three loads in our yard - he again hesitated, and again reluctanty acknowledged that he had taken one load somewhere else, and, after a good deal of trouble, he acknowledged he had taken it to Dobell's, in St. John's-street - I called Davidson into the counting-house that day, in consequence of a communication from Mr. Carden, relative to some iron - I communicated my suspicions to him, and he acknowledged that he had directed Coleman to take the Madely-wood iron; and subsequently he acknowledged that he had directed him to take two loads of the other iron.
Q. Confine yourself to the Madely-wood iron - did you see Davidson in company with Coleman? A. I did, and he accused Coleman of having received 2l. of him for conveying iron to Dobell's yard - he said he was to give him 1l. a load - Coleman at first denied it, but at last acknowledged that he had paid him 2l.
Cross-examined. Q. Was your son there at the time? A. He was; I was at home this morning, when the last case was tried; I heard of the verdict - I cannot say whether my son was present during the whole of the conversation - I believe he went out once or twice - I am sure he was not present the whole time - I have no partner, and am sole proprietor of the business.
COLEMAN'S Defence (written.) I am unfortunately brought to this bar for an offence of which I can assure you I am perfectly innocent; if I have done wrong to my worthy master, it has been through ignorance, and under the impression that I was bound to obey the commands of George Davidson, clerk and superintendant of Mr. Galloway's manufactery, who was my superior in education and situation; and further I might have lost my situation, which would have brought distress upon my dear wife and family of small children, together with myself. I therefore was obedient to all and every one of his commands. On one occasion I certainly asked him a question, at which he seemed offended, and morosely said, "Did Mr. Galloway order you to obey me or not?" I answered him, Yes! He immediately said, "Then obey. my commands," which I was forced to do, under the pain and penalty of losing my situation. Gentlemen, you will see by this statement, that I had no will of my own, but my will was to obey the commands of my superiors, mine being a menial station in life, in which I was at the command of all my superiors, one of which was Mr. George Davidson; therefore you will please to take my hard case into your serious consideration, as I am no scholar, and not qualified for any higher or better situation; therefore I cannot be so much to blame as might appear, had I not have laid this statement of my injured case before you. - Gentlemen of the Jury, 1 beg leave to thank you for your kind attention, and hope you will consider of this my unfortunate case, and restore me to my disconsolate wife and family of small children, who are wholly dependent on my small efforts for their daily support; and thus I throw myself upon the mercy of the Court.
Both the prisoners received a good character.
COLEMAN - GUILTY. Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DAVIDSON - GUILTY. Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .




               Both recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury
            .
