







1581. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ADEY
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  RICHARDSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, three clothes baskets, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Rider
               




            .
JOHN RIDER. I am a basket-maker
. On the 27th of July, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I sent Jonathan Primatt to Bethlem Hospital, with three clothes baskets.


                  JONATHAN 
                  PRIMATT
               



            . I was eleven years of age last March. I am in Rider's employ. I was sent by him on the 27th of July, from Crispin-street, Spital-fields, to take three baskets to Bethlem Hospital; when I was near London-bridge


 I saw the prisoner Richardson, who asked me to go on an errand for him, and he would give me 2 d. - I said Yes; Adey was on the other side of the road, and Richardson gave him a penny to mind the baskets; I went on the errand, to carry a note to a gentleman - the gentleman said "It is not mine." I went back in about five minutes and the baskets were gone - I looked about and saw the officer with two men.
Prisoner RICHARDSON. I saw the witness, and asked him to go for a pennyworth of biscuits, and he picked up the note and took it to the house. Witness. No; he gave me the note.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the 27th of July I saw the prisoners together in Cheapside; I saw Richardson go to a lad who had a bag on his head, and speak to him for some time; I then followed the prisoners toward London-bridge, and when they got near to Eastcheap, Adey sat down on the end of the curb - Richardson went up to the witness who put the baskets down; in a few minutes Adey took them up - he and Richardson went away together - Adey pitched them down in George-street, and I took them into custody. I came back the same way, and found the witness, who was crying - he had two halfpence and this note in his hand.
ADEY'S Defence. I never saw this prisoner before, but he asked me to carry the baskets for him.
ADEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
