





394. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza Mary 
                           Ward
                        



                     
                  , one pocket-pook, value 1 s., and one 1 l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ward
                        



.


                  ELIZA 
                  MARY WARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Ward
               



            , and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green. On the 12th of April, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was in Messrs. Todds' shop in Fore-street


; the prisoner was on my right hand side for some time - I was sitting on a stool with my pocket-book containing a 1 l. Bank note in my lap. The prisoner came and took it out of my lap; I turned round immediately, followed him, and rose an alarm, but he got out of the shop, and was stopped in Aldermanbury - my pocket-book has never been found; I cannot be mistaken in his person. When I saw him stopped I returned to the shop - he denied it.


                  PETER 
                  HOVEY
               



            . I am a barber. I was coming down Grub-street into Fore-street, and heard the cry, saw the prisoner running, and several people pursuing him. I followed, and took him by Aldermanbury Postern; he used very bad language and made a great resistance - he kicked me as hard as he could. I kept him till assistance came, then took him to Messrs. Todds, and saw Mrs. Ward, who charged him with taking her pocket-book out of her lap. He denied it, and said he would give her 13 s., to let him go.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIAM PEARCE
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Todds'. I sold the prisoner 3-16ths of Persian, which came to 4 1/2 d. I saw him start from Mrs. Ward, who was at the opposite side of the counter, pursued him, and kept him in sight till Hovey stopped him. I did not see him throw any thing away.


                  MATTHEW 
                  POLLACK
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge, and found 13 s. on him, which he offered Mrs. Ward to let him go.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the lady.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
