






564. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUCKLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  GOTHEB MARCUS 
                  LEVI
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, one hundred and eighty seal skins, value 90 l. 18 s.
            , the good of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Wells
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a general merchant
, and live in Cable-street, Whitechapel. The prisoner Buckley came with 
               
                  James 
                  Wilson
               



            , (who is included in the indictment,) on 14th March, to look at some fur seal skins at my house; I shewed him about six. Buckley said he came with Wilson from Boxer and Co., and appointed the following morning for me to see him at Boxer and Co's office, No. 1, Pinner's Court, Broad-street. I attended there, and found Wilson sitting in a chair; it had the appearance of a merchant's counting-house. Wilson asked if I would give a little credit for the skins - he had said he should be a large buyer if we could agree. I said, if I sold them, I must have cash, and could give no credit; he appointed to meet me at two o'clock that day, at my house. Buckley was writing at the desk as a clerk, and within hearing. Wilson came to my house at two o'clock, and looked out 180 skins, which came to 90 l. 18 s. I asked when they were to be delivered; he looked at his watch, and said
"You can deliver them, I suppose, in an hour." I said I could. I got a porter with a truck to take them, and sent my son with them. He brought the skins back in one hour and a half, directing me to be their the next morning before half-past ten o'clock. I got to Pinner's Court, about twenty minutes before ten with them. Buckley was sitting at the desk writing, and an elderly man was there. I asked if Mr. Wilson had been there. They said,
"No." I said,
"Do you suppose he will be long." Buckley said,
"No, Mr. Wilsonseldom exceeds ten o'clock." I waited a few minutes; said I will go to the end of the court to the porter, and perhaps I might see Mr. Wilson come up the street. I stood talking to the porter, and saw Mr. Wilson coming; he came up to me, and said
"Good morning." I said
"I have brought the skins according to order." He said
"Let the porter deliver them, and I will pay you for them." The porter put them down in the office. There were sixteen others, a little damaged besides, which I had in a bag to see if I could sell them, as he seemed anxious for skins. Buckley was there when they were delivered. I told Wilson there was a mistake of 3 s. in the invoice; he was to pay the portage; he took the invoice, and looked at it, and said
"Very well, 3 s. is of no consequence." I said
"Will you look at these sixteen skins." He did, and said
"I will not purchase them now; we will leave them for the present till I have paid for the others." I waited a few minutes for my money, and he said he had two heavy bills, and must wait till the office was open to get them cashed, which would be in the course of an hour. I said
"I thought you would have been prepared with the money, my business is urgent, and I cannot leave home long together." He said he was sorry to detain me, but the office would be open in an hour, and then he could get the cash. I said
"I will wait then till you have the money." The skins were still in the office. He left the office to get the money as I thought; Buckley still remained there. I waited some little time, and then walked to the end of the court, and returned; the skins were still in the office. Buckley said,
"Take a seat, for Mr. Wilson will not be long." While I stood at the end of the courtthe elderly man passed me, and on my return Buckley was alone in the office. I said
"I suppose you know Mr. Wilson, don't you." He said
"Yes." I said,
"Is he a respectable man." He said,
"A very respectable man, and in an extensive way of business near Manchester." I said,
"Not in Manchester." He said,
"No." I asked what place. I understood him to say Salford, about six miles from Manchester. In a few minutes the prisoner Levi came into the office, and bent his head over the railing of the desk, and said in plain English,
"Have the goodness to tell Mr. Wilson he can have 200 l. at five o'clock." This was near eleven o'clock. I took notice of him, he left the office. In a few minutes Wilson came in, and apologized for detaining me. I said I was sorry too, for my business was urgent at home, and I expected the money, and said,
"It will not be long now before you get it." I never intended to give up the goods without the money. He said he was sorry to detain me. I said,
"If one of the two bills you have is not too heavy, and a good one, I will take my amount out of it, and give you the difference." He said,
"You are very polite, but I have left the bills at the banking-house, and should not like to take them away." He took out his pocket-book, and said,
"I have got a bill here, you see, but it is not of very large amount." I leant my head over, and saw it was a bill. He said he could not get the money before three o'clock. I said
"I thought that was very strange, that he ought to be prepared with the money. He proposed paying me at three o'clock. I said,
"Then you cannot get the money." He said,
"No, not till three o'clock." I took the sixteen skins, and put them in a brown holland bag, and put it on the rest of the skins, and said to Buckley,
"Sir, these skins will be safe here till I return, or send my son?" He said,
"Yes," as I was to send for the money, if I could not come myself. I then hastened home.
Q. Did you give them credit till three o'clock, or leave them on their assurance, that they would be safe till you had the money - A. It was about half-past eleven. I hastened home and instantly sent my son to the place to retain possession of the goods. It would take about quarter of an hour to go there. I told him to stay near the door till three, and then go in if I did not come - and if he could not get the cash to bring away the goods. He came home after three, and said we were robbed. I went to Pinner's Court, and found the clerks, the skins, and all the books gone, and nothing but a few wafers left. I made enquiry, and on Sunday Hewksley gave me information. I found 174 of the skins at Rose and Crown Court next morning, on the first floor. The sixteen skins were left behind in the counting-house. The prisoners were taken on Monday.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You have recovered all but six - A. I dealt with Wilson; he was recommended by Buckley. I am a woollen-draper and shipowner, and various businesses. Wilson is not to be found. I never saw Levi till he came, and said Wilson might have 200 l. at five o'clock.


                  HENRY 
                  A. WELLS
               



            . I am the son of the last witness. I went to Pinner's Court in the afternoon, and saw Buckley. I had the skins on a truck, in care of a porter. Buckley asked for an invoice, which I gave him. He then said Mr. Wilson was gone to drink tea with a gentleman (it was then a quarter-past four o'clock) and had left word for my father to come next morning at half-past nine with the skins. I came back, and next morning, about a quarter-past twelve, I went to the counting-house, and waited outside till three o'clock, and was to go in then if my father did not come. He did not, and I went in at three o'clock, and found nobody there, nor any skins, except the sixteen damaged ones. Books and every thing were gone. Nothing was taken out while I was waiting; they must have been gone before I get there. I returned and told my father. I was not above a quarter of an hour going from my father's to the counting-house.


                  JAMES 
                  SELLING HEWKLEY
               



            . I am a ticket-porter, and live in Little Moorfields - my stand is at St. Lawrence Church. A person came to me at twelve o'clock, and said if I would go to No. 2, Pinner's Court, there was a job for me. I went, and when I got into the counting-house, the skins were delivered into my sheet by Buckley. I could get no answer where I was to take them to, but Levi went with me, having a few in a bag, when I got opposite Old Bethlem, I asked if he was going through the gates. He said
"No; to Rose and Crown court." He spoke very good English. My load was too bulky to get through the gate. He took me to a private house, No. 12, Rose and Crown Court. I untied them below; they were carried up to the first floor. He asked me what the job was. I said 1 s. 6 d. He gave me 1 s. 2 d. I saw some bills stuck up afterwards, which led me to Wells. I shewed him where I took the goods, and they were recovered. I am sure of the prisoner person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended Buckley in Rose and Crown Court, on Monday the 18th of March. I took him to the Mansion House; then went and took Levi in the same court.
"I told him he must go with me." He asked for what.
"I told him," and the lady of the house said,
"I advise you not to go without a coach. He said, he would not, and went in a coach, saying, he would not be dragged through the streets like a dog. He spoke very good English.
BUCKLEY'S Defence. I had been servant to Boxer and Co.'s a very short time, and merely acted according to the instructions of the principal clerk, and Mr. Wilson, who was a friend of Boxer's. I have been made a dupe of.
Levi, representing that he could not understand English, had the evidence interpreted to him.
BUCKLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
LEVY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
