





736. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ABRAHAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, a cap, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Maide
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Maide
                     



.


                  ELLEN 
                  MAIDE
               



            . I am the wife of John Maide, a tailor
; we live in Queen-street; my son William is a year and nine months old. On the 24th of March he was playing on Tower-hill


 with two more children - he came home without his cap; my children fetched me to the watch-house, where I found the prisoner in custody with it.


                  LEWIS 
                  MARKS
               



            . On the 24th of March I was on Tower-hill, and saw a crowd of people looking at a show; I saw the prisoner there fumbling about this child's cap, trying to take it off; he hit one boy who was with me for looking at him; we then went to another part of the crowd and watched, and saw him take the child's cap off, and throw it on the ground - he picked it up, and then went and pulled off a pair of white trowsers which he had on, and put them into his hat; he had a dark pair on under them, and when the crowd were gone, the children were crying about the cap; he came and asked what was the matter; an officer came by and took him, and found the cap on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, as Mark's charged him with the robbery; I took off his hat, and found the cap and white trowsers in it; he had corderoy trowsers on.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
