






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1344. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HILLIARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RAVEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stewart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . On the 17th of September, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Chancery-lane


, coming out of my father's house - he is a law-stationer. I saw Mr. Stewart walking with a friend - the two prisoners went up to him, followed him a little way. Raven then took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and gave it to Hilliard, who was close by. I crossed over, and told Mr. Stewart, who went after them with me. I pointed them out, and charged them with it. Raven said it was more likely that I took it, and cried - a crowd collected, they were taken into a bootmaker's shop. I put my hand down the prisoner Hilliard's breeches, and took the handkerchiefout. I had seen him put it there, it was half way down his thigh.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STEWART
               



            . I live in Lee-street, Burton-crescent, and am an attorney. I was in Chancery-lane - Woods came up - I missed my handkerchief - his account is correct; he found it on Hilliard, and gave it to me - they denied knowing each other.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HILLIARD'S Defence. Written. I was in possession of the property, but not with any intent of robbery; seeing it thrown down, I picked it up, and walked on my father's business. I know nothing of the other prisoner.
HILLIARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
RAVEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
