





782. 
               
                  AARON 
                  PAINTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 bag, value 2d.; 5 sovereigns, and 16 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Ward
                     




                  , spinster
, from her person
            .
MARY ANN WARD. I am single, and live at Finchley. I was in St. John-street, Clerkenwell


, with my mother, about seven o'clock in the evening of the 10th of March; I had a black silk bag in my hand, containing five sovereigns and sixteen shillings in silver, a little black apron, a thimble, and some keys; the prisoner stood at the end of Taylor's-row - he came up to me, and snatched my bag from me - he ran down the turning; I followed, crying Stop thief! and a gentleman stopped him; I asked him if he would give me what he took; he said he had nothing: while we were talking a little boy came up, and said,"Where are the ladies? here is the bag;" my mother took it of him. I am quite certain of the prisoner's person.


                  MARY 
                  WARD
               



            . My daughter had hold of my arm, and was carrying the bag in her right hand. I saw the prisoner take it from her, and run down Taylor's-row; we ran, and cried Stop thief! and a gentleman stopped him; I am quite certain of his person - the bag was brought back by a little boy.


                  ROBERT 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I was coming up Northampton-square, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I looked up Taylor's-row; the prisoner saw me holding up my stick - he then left off running; I went and collared him. I asked what he had been doing - he said nothing; the lady and her daughter then came up.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am nine years of age. I picked up a black bag in Taylor's-row, and gave it to the lady, and soon after the prisoner was taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I am a constable. I have the bag, with the trinkets, but the money was given to the lady.(Bag produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
