





81. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     GOLDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 sovereign and 1 half-crown
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Simmons
                  




               
            .
GEORGE SIMMONS. On the 8th of November, about nine or half-past nine o'clock, I was passing through Gordon-square, leading out of Tavistock-square


, and met the prisoner - she accosted me, but I only staid with her about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, as I particularly wished to get away; I did not retire with her at all- I kept on the road; I went on about twenty yards, and she still kept stopping me - I had a sovereign, a halfcrown, and some other money in my left-hand trousers pocket; I had a shilling and a sixpence, besides what I gave to her - because she asked me, and for the purpose of doing her good, as I supposed; I took out the whole of the money, and selected the shilling and sixpence from it; it was then all right: she saw the money in my hand, and left me in two or three minutes - I afterwards missed the sovereign and the half-crown; I saw her again about eleven o'clock that night, in Tavistock-square - I hadbeen in search of her till then; the watchman took her -I saw her searched in the watch-house, and the sovereign was taken from her shoe; as we went down the street she dropped the half-crown, which the watchman took up - she had only a single halfpenny besides.


                  CHARLES 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner, and as we were going along I heard a half-crown fall - I took it up; she said it was hers - she did not say who gave it to her; at the watch-house I asked what money she had got - she said very little; she gave me her pockets off, and there was one halfpenny in them - Tarry found the sovereign in her shoe.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TARRY
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. I took the sovereign from her left shoe - she said we could not blame her, she thought it was a shilling; she acknowledged afterwards that she had a sixpence in her mouth.
Prisoner's Defence. It was nearly one o'clock when he met me - he stopped half an hour with me; he put down his basket and said, "I have been waiting for you to give you a drop of gin" - I said a trifle of money would be more acceptable; he said, "Walk and talk, and I'll give you a little;" he gave me the sovereign for a shilling, and a sixpence - the half-crown I had from a gentleman in Tottenham-court-road; in about an hour he and the watchman met me - he said, "I have been waiting for you some time;" I said, "For what?" he said, "You have got a sovereign of mine" - I was then taken to the watch-house; in going along the half-crown fell - I said,"That's mine;" the prosecutor then said, "I think you have got more money" - he did not give it to me out of charity; he wanted * * * * - he is married, and has a family.
COURT to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SIMMONS
               



            ? Q.Are you sure it was 1s. 6d. you gave her? A. Yes - I had received 30s. for my week's wages, and laid out 6s. for my children; I had then 1l. 4s. left, and gave her 1s. 6d. - I met no one else till I missed my money; I was as sober as I am now.
JURY. Q. Was the place dark? A. Not particularly dark - it was moonlight; I could easily discover a sovereign from a shilling at any time if I were blindfold.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
