





15. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BECKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, a tea-caddy, value 20 s., and a sugar basin, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burgess
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  PENDERGAST
               



            . I was in the Vale of Health at Hampstead


 (on the 29th of November.) I was near Mr. Burgess's house, which I serve with hardware. I saw the prisoner at the front parlour window in the little garden before the house - the window was open, and he took out the caddy in his arms. I rang the bell - he came running out of the gate. I collared him, and he collared me and got me down - I cried "Murder;" a man came up and he was taken; the caddy was dropped in the struggle.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COOK
               



            . I keep a horse and cart, and was passing the Vale of Health about two o'clock. I heard a cry of murder - I ran up and saw Pendergast on the ground, and the prisoner upon him. I took the prisoner and delivered him to a constable.


                  ELIZA 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Henry Burgess. I heard our gate-bell ring, ran out, and saw the prisoner and Pendergast struggling on the ground; the caddy was safe half an hour before in the dining room, close to the window - the prisoner was quite a stranger; our house is close to the road, but there is a garden before it as large as this Court.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I took the prisoner and property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out selling a few shirt buttons. I went up to the gentleman's house to see for hare-skins, and as I was coming out this witness stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
