





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1902. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 door, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bradley
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bradley
               



            , dealer in shop fixtures
, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Innfields


. This door was missed between eight and nine o'clock on Monday morning - I had seen it about an hour before; I saw it again on Thursday, in possession of Moseley, and knew it well - it is a large street door, and stood at our door for sale.


                  DAVID 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Moseley, dealer in building materials, Cottage-place, City-road. The prisoner came to the yard, on Monday, the 5th of October, and asked for the owner of the yard; I asked what he wanted - he said he had a door to sell, and it was at the gate; I looked at it - it was on a truck; he wanted 15s., for it - master was not at home, and told him to come another time; he came twice, and was detained.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  MOSELEY
               



            . Pocock called me to the prisoner on Tuesday, the 6th, when he came for the money for the door, which was in my yard - I detained him, and asked where he got it; he said it was his own - I sent for an officer; he then walked out of the place, and said he would show me his master, who it belonged to - I followed him, and in King-square he made a blow at me, knocked me down, and ran round the square; I followed, and took him in a minute, and am certain of his person.
MICHAEL CONNELL. I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! saw the prisoner running, and took him to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURN
               



            . I live in King's Head-yard, Duke-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. On Monday, the 5th of October, the prisoner borrowed a truck of me, and brought it back again - I did not know him before; he gave me a reference.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man, who said he had a door and a bedstead against the wall: he employed me to get a truck, and carry them to Old-street - when we got there, he said, "Take this door, and sell it at a broker's, and meet me here by the turnpike," and said, "Get 15s. for it, if not take what you can get;" I went to the yard - this man offered me 7s., and gave me 2s. - I was to call tomorrow for the rest, as his master was out; I went for it in the morning - he said his master was out, and the man said I was making a fool of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
