





546. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, a watch, value 2 s.; a chain, value 3 d.; and two seals, value 8 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Limeston
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LIMESTON
               



            . I live in Castle-lane, Westminster


. On the 7th of February, my watch hung over the fireplace; the prisoner came in between one and two o'clock, and asked my wife to buy some herrings - she said she had no money, and he trusted her till night, and came between seven and eight o'clock for the money; she went out to borrow a shilling - the watch was then safe - she returned, saying she had not got it, but would go elsewhere, and asked him to sit down; he went to the fire in about a minute, saying he would light his pipe. I was at work with my back to the fire - he immediately went out. My wife returned - he came in after her, received the shilling, and immediately left, and in a very few minutes we missed the watch. I found it in pawn.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JANE 
                  LIMESTON
               



            . The prisoner called for his shilling in the evening, and when he was gone we missed the watch, which was safe just before.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 7th of February, the prisoner pawned the watch in the name of Deacon.


                  ROBERT 
                  GREENHILL
               



            . I am a watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and said he had torn up the duplicate of the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. It was an extorted confession; the prosecutor promised not to prosecute if I told where it was. If I could have paid the money, he would have let me off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
