





1156. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, one blanket, value 3 s., and one sheet, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pears
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARS
               



            . I keep a house in St. Mary-le-bone


. The prisoner took a lodging in my house on the 17th of July; she had the first-floor back room, furnished, at 4 s. a week. She left on the 31st of July. She owed me a fortnight's rent, and left the door padlocked. I got in at the window two days after, and found these things gone, and a duplicate of a sheet and blanket on the shelf. I met her on the Tuesday following in North Audley-street, and said,
"Aynt you a pretty creature to pawn my things; I have a great mind to charge the watch with you;" she said,
"No, pray, don't be so cruel as that; I will call on Friday or Saturday and pay you." I let her go. She did not come, and on Saturday night we found her in Duke-street, and gave her in charge.


                  PHOEBE 
                  PEARS
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. On the 17th of July the prisoner took the back room furnished, and left on the 31st. She took a basket out with her. My husband got into the room two days afterwards, and found the duplicates in a milk-jug on the shelf. The sheet was pawned on the 17th of July, and the blanket on the 27th.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant. The prisoner pawned the blanket with us for 2 s. 6 d.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did their washing, which they never paid me for, and having nothing of my own to pawn, I took these things, intending to redeem them when they paid me. They owed me 18 s.
MRS. PEARS. I could never get her to say what I owed her - but she brought in a bill of 18 s. when we had a quarrel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
