





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1925. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MANNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 gowns, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 petticoat, value 5s., and 1 purse, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Agnes 
                  Kerridge
               




            .


                  AGNES 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I am single
, and live with my brother, who keeps a public-house, at Holloway


. The prisoner was servant
 there, and I slept with her - this property was mine, and was in a cupboard in the room we slept in; there were two of her gowns there. On the 30th of September she asked if I had disturbed her gowns which were in that cupboard; I said No - I went to look for them, and missed my own things; she came down and asked the ostler if he had seen any one about; he said No- she said there had been a man in the tap-room that morning, who had been trying the gates the night before. On the Saturday after the officer brought in my property.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. On the Saturday after the robbery I had a man at the office, and as I was going along I saw the prisoner and a boy with a bundle in his hand; the prisoner said to me, "What has become of the man?" I said, "He is ordered for re-examination:" I then said to the boy, "Where did you get this bundle?" he said first his mother gave it him, and then he said the prisoner gave it him - I took the boy, and went into the office; the prosecutrix there claimed the property: I went out again, and took the prisoner - she had then parted with a child which she had had in her hand, and hid herself in a field.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live with my father and mother. The prisoner came to our house, and said, "I want your little boy to carry this bundle to the King's Head," and she said she would give me 1s. - I went with her, carried it, and the officer took me.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
