





1145. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, two sheets, value 11 s.; two blankets, value 10 s.; one counterpane, value 20 s.; one set of bed furniture, value 9 s.; one decanter, value 5 s., and six pounds of feathers, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Page
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PAGE
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house, from the 4th of March to the 22d of May, on which day he had agreed to pay me all he owed, which was 2 l. 11 s.; he said he should be ready with his attorney, at eleven o'clock, to settle it; but he went out in the morning, and never returned. I broke his door open four days after, and missed the articles enumerated in the indictment, which were let to him with the room; some feathers were gone out of the bed.



                  ANN 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness, I went into the prisoner's room sometimes; a woman whom he called his wife lived with him.


                  RICHARD 
                  REAKES
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Morrett, pawnbroker, York-street, Westminster. The prisoner pawned two sheets, two blankets, and a counterpane, at our shop, at different times.


                  THOMAS 
                  TANNER
               



            . I am a watchman of Aldersgate-street. On the 27th of May, there was a mob in the street; the prisoner was running away from a cry of Stop thief! and I took him; some duplicates were found on him.


                  HOWELL 
                  GODDARD
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; his wife was present, and produced three duplicates; one was for the blankets; he said Page gave him leave to pawn them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner in his defence entered into a long detail of money transactions with the prosecutor; stated that he had obtained discounts for him - and advanced money on his lease; and that the prosecutor gave him leave to pawn the property.


                  JOHN 
                  PAGE
               



            . I never gave him leave to pawn anything - nor did I know they were pawned; he offered to get a 50 l. bill cashed for me; and wanted me to buy furniture of him. I never gave him my lease; but I found him at a public-house, persuading a man to lend him 10 l. on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
