





594. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  M'GUTHERIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, four shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Brook
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am a corn-dealer
, and live in Foley-street


. On the morning of the 27th of January, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked if I had any large halfpence - that he wanted some to put round a board; I shewed him some - he then asked for some thick rimmed shillings; I shewed him the till, took some out, and was looking at them; he said,
"You cannot tell that way" - I gave 8 s. into his hands, to select some; he returned them to me, and while I was giving the witness Rose 6 d., he took four shillings out of the till, and put them into his breeches. I asked him for them - he said he had taken none; but he unbuttoned the knee of his breeches, and out fell three shillings, and one was found in the corn bin.
Cross-examined by MR. SHORT. Q. Was not something said about giving you more than 1 s. for them - A. He said nothing about it. He put his hand over the counter, and took them out of the till, after he had returned them to me; and while I was speaking to Rose. He said he wanted them to make a punch ladle with.
Q. Have you never said that you would do all you could convict him - A. I said the first man who tricked me I would prosecute.


                  ANN 
                  ROSE
               



            . I was in this shop. The prosecutor shewed the prisoner some silver - he returned it, and after that I saw him put his hand into the till, and take silver out, and put it into his breeches - it fell out at his knee.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness swore to three shillings, now he swears to four.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
