





1423. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, twelve shillings; two twenty-five pound, and eighteen one-pound Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Peourie
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  PEOURIE
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Austin-street, Shoreditch. The prisoner went with me on the 18th of September, 1820, to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Perring
               



            's bank, in Cornhill; I went there to receive a cheque of Mr. Nicholls; the prisoner had proposed going into partnership with me a few weeks before; the banker's clerk put on the counter two twenty-pound notes, eighteen one-pound notes, and twelve shillings; the prisoner counted it for me, to see if it was all right, and said it would look mean if he did not return with the money, as he was entrusted with the cheque; he took it off the counter, and put it in his pocket. I said it did not matter, provided it was safely delivered to Mr. Beaumont, the Sheriff's officer. Nicholls had thrown the cheque down, and the prisoner said hecould go in half the time that I could. The money was to discharge a bond of judgment against me. I agreed he should take the draft; we went in a coach to the Sheriff's office, in Wych-street; just before we got there, he said he wanted a draught of beer. We got out of the coach; I said he might have some, but must not sit down to drink; he said he would go and pay the money at the Sheriff's office, which was next door - and I remained in the house, thinking he was gone for that purpose, but he ran away with it. I never saw him again till about four weeks back.


                  ROBERT 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am an auctioneer. I gave the prosecutor a cheque on Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Perring
               



            's, for 68 l. 12 s. 6 d., two years ago, at the Sheriff's office, Wych-street; the prisoner was a stranger to me; he took the draft up, and offered to go to the banker's for the cash. None of it was intended for him.


                  ELIZA 
                  PEOURIE
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor; the prisoner followed him out with the cheque. I wished to go with him to receive it; he said it was a pity I should he harrassed about so; and they set off without me. I stopped at the public-house all the while. I saw him a month ago by Hackney-turnpike, and laid hold of him; and said,
"How do you do Mr. Walker?" he said,
"How do you do, Ma'am, but I don't know you;" I said,
"What have you done with Mr. Peourie's cheque of 68 l. 12 s. 6 d.;" he said nothing, but turned pale, and rather resisted; at last he said,
"Well, where do you live, I will go home and settle it;" he went home with me. I locked him in, and got assistance - he at first said he was drunk at the time, which was false - afterwards he said he did it through distress. I said I knew better. He wanted to go into partnership with my husband.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge at the prosecutor's house; he said he did not deny it; that he certainly received it, and had been unhappy ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. We were both drinking together.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
