








Middlesex Cases, before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1443. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  HOLLAND
               




            , 
               
                  ANN 
                  EDWARDS
               




            , 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  HILL
               




            , and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Randall
                     




                  , on the 17th of August
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, twenty-five sovereigns, his monies
            .
ALEXANDER RANDALL. I am a lighterman
 and live in London-street, Limehouse. On the 17th of August, I received sixty sovereigns; I paid away thirty-four or thirty-five, and had the rest in a Scotch plaid bag, in my pocket; I was a little fresh in liquor, but perfectly sensible. On leaving the East India-house I went along Whitechapel, and bought two neats' feet and a calf's foot, which I put into a bundle handkerchief, and carried in my hand; I walked down Church-lane, and in turning the corner into Cable-street, my hat was taken from my head by a woman - it was about two o'clock in the afternoon; I called out "You hussy, bring me my hat;" I had never seen her before - she said nothing - I followed her up Cable-court


 - she went into a house after turning a corner - I went to the door and demanded my hat at the door, which was open - three women seized me by the collar instantly, and forced me into the house - I held the side of the door-post with my left-hand, having my bundle in my right, but was overpowered; they dragged me in with all their force, pulled me into a room, and there was Holland; he instantly started off his chair and joined them - the bundle was torn in pieces before I gave it up - they began to pull me about in a violent manner - I made to the door and tried to force myself out, but could not - I was knocked down on the floor by Holland and the three women (whom were the prisoners) - all knocked me down and stripped my arm out of my left sleeve, by my resistance to get from them; I begged of them to let me out, saying, "I am robbed of my money;" I had felt my bag go out of my pocket - they were all round me at the time; I begged for my life, saying, I had a large family depending on me; I was knocked down again, and thought my head was totally split - I was completely speechless; after that they dragged me into a place behind the house, called the waste ground, and left me there speechless and senseless - I felt myself being dragged out; I was left there, on a ruinous place of bricks and tiles, till I was conveyed to the watch-house - when I found myself there. I think they said it was between three and four o'clock, when I came to my senses. I am sure my bag and money were safe when I was dragged into the house. I had made a purchase just before - I saw my bundle at the watch-house, with the handkerchief, and neat's feet in it. I am certain of the prisoners' persons - all of them. Holland had a hairy cap on, but in the course of the scuffle he appeared in a red cap, which he had on under the hairy one - I cannot swear which of the women took my hat.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who had you drank with? A. A man named Farrier, in Little-Bell-alley, about half-past eleven o'clock. I drank part of two bottles of ale with him and another - I had a glass of gin and water; that is all I had that day; it was called Scotch ale - it made me a little fresh. I did not see three women till I got to the house - I was dragged in instantly,and was no sooner in than down - I resisted being dragged in at the door.
Q. Why not call for assistance? A. It is nothing but a den of thieves - I have discovered that since; it is about thirty yards from the main street - I could not have been heard - I was not half a minute at the door, before I was pulled in. I was terrified, but not so much as some people might be - I held the door-post as long as I could; I had no opportunity of seeing either of the prisoners, after I was pulled down; I am positive to all their persons.
COURT. Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing them, while they were pulling you? A. I had - several times.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. After drinking with the person, did you call elsewhere? A. Yes, at three places - but had nothing to drink.
Prisoner HOLLAND. When the handkerchief was at the office, it was not torn. Witness. I produced it at the office torn in this state.


                  CATHERINE 
                  KAIL
               



            . I live in Cable-place, Cable-street; this place is called Cable-tier, or Long-alley - it is six or seven yards from the alley, to the top of Cable-court. On the 17th of August, near four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw Holland, and three girls going down the court - I knew two of them - they came out of Cable-tier - I saw no more of them after they went out to the main street. I saw Smith, who goes by the name of Kit Lips and Hall, who goes by the name of Davis, and another young woman, whose face I did not see; I heard Holland say to them, "Get on, or go on," he used an improper word, and said, "Get on, let the **** lay;" or something of that sort. Mrs. M'Ardell, came round the corner in a quarter of an hour, or ten minutes - and in consequence of what she said, I opened my yard-door, and went out into the waste ground, and there saw Randall lying on his back - a bundle lay at the back of his head in a belcher handkerchief quite torn, with cowheels, or neat's-feet, and cucumbers - his hat was nearly off his head - he was a few yards from the door of No. 21. I have frequently seen Smith, Holland and Hill, going in and out there. I always knew Hill, by the name of Davis. Randall lay there sometimes. A man of colour fetched Jackson from the watch-house; he appeared quite insensible, there was no movement in him. I know nothing of Edwards.
Cross-examined. Q. There were cucumbers in the bundle? A. Yes. I did not open it, but saw them.


                  ANN 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live in Cable-court, and am married. I have seen all the prisoners, at the house where this happened - I do not know who lives in it. On the 17th of August, between two and three o'clock, I saw Edwards take Randall's hat off - she was at the top of the court. Randall was just at the end of the court, ten or twelve yards from the street; he followed her, and I saw him go into the house after his hat. I saw the three female prisoners go in at the door before him - and I saw him walk in. I stood at my door, which is three or four houses off, for more than half an hour, before I saw the three women go out of the court. I saw nobody with them - I then went by the door, and saw the prosecutor laying on his back on the ground in the room; I looked in, and saw Holland trying to lift him up - I said, "Dan, can't you lift him up?" He said, "Hold your tongue, he will get up by and by, let him be," or something of that sort. I went home, and afterwards saw Randall laying on the waste, at the back of my house; he was five or six yards from their house - and while he lay there, I saw Holland moving his things out of his own into another house. I am certain of the prisoners' persons.
Q. Did you not tell the Magistrate, you could not tell whether Hill or Smith, were two of the women? A. I do not know the names they go by - but they are the three women. I did not hear any noise in the house.
Cross-examined. Q. Randall was ten or twelve yards inside the court when his hat was taken off; not in the main street? A. No, not in the street, there was no man with the three women when they passed me - they had time to go into the main street before Holland joined them.
COURT. Q. How many rooms does the house consist of? A. I do not know - the room and street doors were open when I passed.


                  MARY 
                  HILL
               



            . I am married, and live in Cable-court, Cable-street. Holland lives at No. 21, Cable-court. On the 17th of August, between three and four o'clock, I went to the back of my house to take an apron in, and saw Randall laying at the bottom of the ground, near No. 21. I went to Mrs. M'Ardell, she came, and looked at him - he seemed dead. I saw Holland come out of the back door of No. 21, and drop a bundle near Randall's head - he went into one of the back doors again. I did not know Randall, and did not see further into it.
Q. Did you not take the pains to see whether he was alive or dead? A. No.
Cross-examined. Q. You live near the house, and do not know the women? A. No; No. 21 has a first floor to it, and stairs in the passage.
COURT. Q. Is the door in the middle of the house? Q. No, at the side; there is but one room down stairs, and one above.


                  MARY 
                  M'ARDELL
               



            . I keep a mangle in Cable-place. I and Hill went into the waste behind the house, and saw the prosecutor laying on his back, with one arm out of his coat. Holland came and put a bundle down about a yard from Randall, who was insensible. We made an alarm after Holland was gone, and the people came. I have known Holland three or four years, and I believe he lives in the court, but I do not know at what number - I have seen him lately at No. 21 - he has no family, but a parcel of women live there - the female prisoners live in the court, in different places I believe - I saw them up and down the court - I do not remember seeing Holland that day, except at that time.
Cross-examined. Q. On your making an alarm were you instantly attended to? A. Yes, persons came out of their back doors; the court is long, and goes sideways; I do not think a person calling out would be heard in the main street.


                  JOHN 
                  KAIL
               



            . I am eleven years old, and live with my parents in Cable-street. I know Smith; on the day this happened I saw her in the court; I was going down to the bottom of the court, and saw one of the girls take off the man's hat; he said "Give me my hat;" she said
"Come for it." I heard Smith say to the girl who hadthe hat, "Get him up." She then asked him to come for his hat, and he went up to the top of the court; the girl ran up another alley, and told him to come for it; he said he should not; she asked him again, he went up to the door - I saw some of their hands lay hold of his collar, and then he walked in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am headborough of St. George's. I apprehended Hill on the 1st of September; I think in Hyam's-buildings, Blue-gate-fields; and told her I wanted her concerning a robbery committed in Cable-tier; she begged of me to take her as private as possible; I called her by the name of Davis, which she usually goes by; she said she would not go by that name, but by her right name, Hill. Next morning, about three o'clock, I apprehended Edwards, and asked her how long she had left Cable-court; she said she had left it two or three months; I took her in Blue-gate-fields; I asked the landlady, in her presence, how long she had been there; she said not more than a fortnight, if so long.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am beadle of St. George's. On the 17th of August I went to No. 21, Cable-tier, about four o'clock in the afternoon. I found the house locked up, and shutters fastened. I went through the next house, and found Randall on the waste ground on his back, with a bundle laying by his side - he appeared quite insensible - I got assistance, and conveyed him to the watch-house, where he recovered - his coat was on then - I cannot say whether he had been beaten - he might have had some liquor - when he came to himself he complained of being very stiff - a bundle laid by him, containing neats' and calves' feet, and some cucumbers - I broke open the house, and found all the goods, except the bedstead, moved from the lower floor - I know that Hill and Holland lived there - I have often seen them in bed there - a person passing the door can see into the room if the door is open - I should think this house is about forty yards from the main street - there are noises so frequently there, that if the man had hallooed it would not be noticed - I know the other two women by their living in the court.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Randall leave the watch-house? A. I saw him in the morning - he had recovered so as to speak; I saw no blood or bruises; he overhauled his pockets, and said my book has been changed from one pocket to the other, but there was nothing for them there; but they had taken his bag with twenty-five sovereigns.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I apprehended Holland in Wells-street. I saw him run through the lane, followed him into a public house, called him out, and told him I took him on suspicion of a robbery in Cable-place; he said he knew nothing of it, but he supposed it was in consequence of his former life; he had a brown short coat on, and a hairy cap.
HOLLAND'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
HILL'S Defence. Jackson says the things were taken from No. 21 - I had left there on the Monday.
HOLLAND - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
EDWARDS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HILL - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing from the person only.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
