






1732. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOBLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 table-cloth, value 4d.; 2 petticoats, value 4s.; 1 cap, value 4d.; 1 pair of stays, value 4s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d., and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Summerfield
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  SUMMERFIELD
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Ann's-place, Hackney-road, and take in washing
. I sent my son James for a bundle of dirty linen, from Mrs. Donald's, near the Rose and Crown public-house, Cambridge-heath; he was brought home without it - I found the prisoner in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  SUMMERFIELD
               



            . I am near eight years old. About half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I went to Mrs. Donald's, who gave me a bundle for my mother - Perry came to me, just over the bridge, and said, if I would take a note for him he would give me 6d. - Noble was on the other side of the road - I said, very well; he took me down a street opposite, about four yards - Perry showed me the house I was to go to; he told me to put my bundle down, and he would mind it, white I went with the note, which he gave me - I put down my bundle, and saw Perry run away with it; he gave it to Noble, who was across the road, and they ran away together - I called out, and some people came - I saw Perry caught - I am quite sure of them both.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLASSICK
               



            . I am a butcher. I was in Pollard's-row, about nine o'clock in the morning, and saw this boy crying; the two prisoners were running before him - Noble had the bundle under his arm - I followed, and saw Noble throw it down - I took it up immediately - Perry was running first.



                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN RUSSELL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and was at work near Cambridge-heath. I heard a cry of Stop thief! ran out, and saw Noble who had just been stopped - I took hold of him, as we crossed the street; he said, I was no officer, and had no business with him - I took him to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I heard an alarm, ran and took Perry, who somebody had stopped; the boy gave me this blank paper, folded up like a note.


                  JOHN 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I received them in charge.
PERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
NOBLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
