





682. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SWAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 6 lbs. of lead, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Brooksbank
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his; and one fixture, that is to say, one brass cock, value 1 s., his property, and fixed to the said building
            .

REV.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROOKSBANK
               



            . I live at No. 11, Winkworth's-buildings, City-road


. The pipe that conveyed the water into my wash-house was fixed to the garden-wall - the cock was at the end of it. I saw it safe in the afternoon of the 22d of April, and next morning, at a quarter past six o'clock, the watchmen came and said I had been robbed. I went with them and found the pipe gone, and the brick-work of the copper partly broken away. Abel brought the pipe - it matched exactly - it was fixed to the wall, and run through the brick-work of the house.
THOMAS HAINES. I am a watchman. About five minutes past five o'clock in the morning, I saw a man at the end of Craven-street, behind the prosecutor's premises, with a bag under his arm - he saw me and went away. I looked over the wall and saw the prisoner in the garden of No. 9. I asked what he did there, and what he had got. He said he had got nothing. He used bad language when he came out of the gate, and offered me a crown to let him go - I still kept my hold. He said,
"It is a d - d hard thing you can't let a man get his living." I took him to the watch-house with assistance - he still persisted that he had nothing; but when he got there, he pulled the pipe and cock from his bosom, said that was all he had, and he found it in the garden, where he had been easing himself. We went to the garden of No. 9, found no pipe gone from there, traced his footsteps into the prosecutor's garden, and there found the pipe cut off.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ABEL
               



            . I am a headborough. I received the lead and prisoner in charge. I have no doubt but it is the same pipe; it appears to be partly cut, and then twisted off. I found a knife on him with some appearance of lead on it. After I told him where he got it from, he said he did it through distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant. Esq.
