





233. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  NASH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 12 sovereigns; five half sovereigns; 1 warrant, for payment of and value 6l. 3s. 8d., and four 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas Chickley 
                        Tiltman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS CHICKLEY TILTMAN. I am a fruiterer
, of Covent-garden and Newgate-markets. On Lord Mayor's day, I was at the end of Fleet-market, in Fleet-street


; between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I wanted to get through the crowd, but could not; I was trying to press through, and all at once the crowd left me - I put my hand to my pocket, and missed all my money. I missed four 5l. Bank notes, a cheque for 6l. 3s. 8d., and I believe twelve sovereigns, and five half sovereigns, which had been all in one pocket. I turned sharp round, and saw the prisoner, I collared him, and said "You have robbed me;" he struck at me, and knocked me away from holding him - he struck at me four or five times afterwards, but I received only one blow - I got a black eye. I still held him, and called for assistance; a person caught hold of one of his hands, and he said I was not robbed, for I had got my money in my pocket - he was trying to put his hand into my pocket again - I caught hold of his hand, told him to open it, and I took the notes from his hand - the cheque was wrapped in them; I said, "Now give me my sovereigns" - he said he had not got them - I put my hand to his waistcoat-pocket, found something rattle, and said, "You have;" he then put his hand into his pocket, and gave me eleven sovereigns and five half-sovereigns.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was he searched afterwards? A. Yes, and a sovereign and some silver found on him; I had lost some papers, which were not found - the prisoner had not time to pick the money up - he did not say he had done so.


                  SIMEON 
                  ODWELL
               



            . I am a publican. Tiltman called out, "For God's sake, assist me; I have lost all my money;" I turned round, and saw the prisoner beating him all over his face - the blood ran from his mouth - I caught him by the hand and collar; the money was found on him; he took the gold from his pocket himself.


                  HENRY 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I took the prisoner to the watch-house; I found one sovereign and 14s. 6d. on him - I returned him the silver.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, declaring his innocence, but not accounting for his possession of the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
