







1182. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BADMAN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, one snuff-box, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Stone Kitchen, public-house in the Tower
. On the 11th of September, between four and five o'clock, I was on the Tower-wharf


, there was a rowing-match, which brought a crowd round, and my snuffbox was stolen.


                  WALTER 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable of Tower Ward. I was on the wharf between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and observed Barnet and Williams particularly active in looking at different peoples' pockets. Badman was with him, but I did not observe him do any thing. Just as the boats started there was a sudden rush. I observed four or five bad characters, and told a person to tell me if the prisoners left the crowd. In a few minutes I was informed they had left. I came up with them on the bridge which leads to the lawn. Barnett was nearest to me, I took him, and Lewis took the other two, who were further off. We took them to the Guard-house. Just as we entered I heard something drop, at that time Barnett and I were behind, the others had entered the guard-house. I found the snuff-box laying between Barnett and me, he said
"You know I did not drop it." I took him to the guard-house. Nobody was in custody but the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I saw Badman and Williams on the wharf for a considerable time. I afterwards had information, and saw the prisoners together. I took Badman and Williams to the guard-house. I was before Stone, and was searching them at the time the snuff-box fell. Stone had not entered with Barnett.

(Property produced and sworn to.)
BARNETT'S Defence. The other prisoners were just before me.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
BADMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
