





2065. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RYLAND
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 21st of October
, of a certain evil-disposed person, 35 lbs. of tobacco, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Fish
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Collins
                     



                  , which had been lately before stolen by the said evil-disposed person, the prisoner well knowing it to have been stolen, against the statute
            .


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I was desired to watch the premises of Messrs. Fish and Collins, in St. John-street


; and on the morning of the 22d of October I saw Wright come out, and followed him to the Gun public-house, St. John-street, about one hundred yards off; I saw the prisoner standing up in the house - he knew me, and said to Wright, "Be quiet," and pointed with his hand for him to sit down - Wright sat down; I handcuffed the prisoner, and left him in the landlord's care, while I followed Wright and secured him. When I first went in I stood at the bar for a minute or two before they saw me - I saw the prisoner give Wright some gin; after they were secured I went to search the prisoner's house, in Little Coleman-street, St. Luke, Middlesex - I know it to be his house - and in his room I found a drawer which had contained tobacco - there was about half a spoonful of tobacco dust in it; I found a little girl in the house; I afterwards searched a Mrs. Scott's room, on the first floor, and found this box, which was locked - I broke it open; it contained about 35 lbs. of tobacco - the box and all weighed 48 lbs. 9 ozs.; I brought it down stairs, and Mrs. Scott with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST, Q. Where is the tobacco dust? A. I have not brought it here; I did not think it necessary, it was so small a quantity; I showed it to the prosecutor - he took the drawer out, and shook the dust into one corner of it; Ryland holds part of the house, there are only three rooms - he had two of them; I always considered it his house; I took Mrs. Scott to the Magistrate - he thought proper to admit her evidence; she attended four days at Hicks'-hall; I have not seen her here: I found her in the room the box was in - I cannot say that it is her room; she did not take me into the room, I went there without being led - it was about half-past nine o'clock- Mrs. Scott stood at the street door I believe when I first went in; I asked for Mrs. Ryland, and she was looking for her.
MR. QUIN. Q. Would the grains of tobacco give the drawer any smell? A. It would; I smelt the grains of tobacco - they stuck round the drawer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOTTRAM
               



            . I am landlord of the Gun public-house, and was present on the 22d of October, when the prisoner was taken; I had frequently seen him and Wright at my house together for some months before - they generally came about nine o'clock in the morning, sometimes together, and sometimes one followed the other; they adjourned into a small box in the tap-room - Wright generally went out first - they sometimes went out together; they were at my house most days for some months.


                  Ann 
                  Scott
               



            , being called, did not appear.


                  ELIZA 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I was the prisoner's servant, and have lived nine months with him. I know that box, and have seen it in Ryland's room; I have moved it about when I have been cleaning - it was always heavy, and was kept by the side of his bed the whole time I was there; he lives in one room - I saw it in his room when I came down to light the fire at seven o'clock in the morning of the day the officer came - it was on a chair by his bed-side; I have seen Wright come to Ryland's, but not often - I was always turned out of the room when he came, and the door was locked.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the box that morning? A. Yes - I have often moved it; I once put it on the carpet - it was heavy then, but not so heavy as when it was full; it always seemed full of something, and was always equally heavy; I believe the first morning I went there I saw it open - I think there were a few clothes in it, but I did not look into it; I am sure it was not Mrs. Scott's box, for I saw it in master's room every day; I do not know how it got into her room - I was never in the room when master dressed.
MR. QUIN. Q. The first day you were there was nine months ago? A. Yes; I took no particular notice when I saw it open.
COURT. Q. Were there any servants in the house but yourself? A. No. Scott cleaned her own room - I fetched her errands; I never saw the box in her room; she left the house about three days ago: my master is a shoe-maker - I never saw him deal in tobacco; I am thirteen years old; I have been to a Sunday-school - I believe God will punish wicked people who speak falsely.
MR. COLLINS. I accompanied Vann to the prisoner's lodgings; I saw a large drawer there, and it had a small portion of tobacco left in it - it smelt as if much more had been there; I saw this box in a room which I was told Scott occupied; I am certain the tobacco in it is ours - it is manufactured by a peculiar process, and is worth about 7l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
