





FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, JUNE 5.
Third Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1269. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOPKINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               




            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Oxford-street; the prisoner came to me on the 14th of August last, on trial, as an apprentice
; he staid till the 29th of March, when I told him he did not suit me; he left two or three days after that; he had received monies for me, and should account for them directly he came home - Miss Cormick was a customer, and owed me 20l. 1s. 3d. - I never authorized him to promise her any deductions, provided she paid; she is a respectable lady; he never accounted to me for that bill; if he received a cheque I had always told him to bring it to me; he brought me no cheque from her, nor any money.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where does he come from? A. Yorkshire; his family are respectable - I went down there, but did not see them; I had a good opinion of him, but he had not wit enough even to learn my private mark.
MISS 
               
                  ANN 
                  STAUNTON CORMICK
               



            . I live in Beaumont-street. In March last I owed Mr. Richards about 20l.; a person called and pressed me very much for it (I was not to have paid it immediately); he deducted a discount for prompt payment - I gave him a draft for 19l., on Coutts' Bank; (looking at a draft) this is it, and here is the person's receipt; 1l. 1s. 3d. was the discount - I do not recollect his person; it was a young man - I saw him write the receipt; it is signed "William Hopkinson for Mr. Richards."


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . The receipt, and the deduction for discount, are both in the prisoner's hand-writing.


                  RICHARD 
                  MINSHAW
               



            . I am clerk to Mrs. Coutts - Miss Cormick cashes there - I paid this cheque, but cannot say to whom. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
