






181. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  JEFFERY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Macready
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  MACREADY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Macready
               



            ; we live in Providence-place, Tash-street. I was in Gray's Inn-lane


 on the 5th of November, about five o'clock, going to Mr. Nicholls', a pawnbroker; I saw Newman in the street - she seemed very much in liquor, and struck a woman with a plaid cloak' on: I stood on Mr. Nicholls' steps; Newman came up to me, asked what I had to do there, and struck me in the face - Jeffery then took my bundle from me, which contained the articles stated; I saw one pair of stockings fall on the ground - the prisoners were quite close together; Newman struck me repeatedly, and knocked my bonnet over my eyes - I got on to the oil-shop next door, but the gentleman refused to let me in; Jeffery got away - I went on eight or ten doors after her, and met a constable, who took them both; these are the stockings that were dropped - the officer took them up; I had not seen the prisoners before that day.
Prisoner Newman. Q. Did you not insult me? A. No; you struck me, but I had never seen you before - they were both intoxicated, Newman more than the other.


                  HENRY 
                  POOLE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. The prosecutrix said she had been robbed by the two prisoners - I saw this pair of stockings fall from one of them, but they were close together, and I could not see from which - they were both drunk, but were able to move very well, and knew what they were about; I took Jeffery first, but was obliged to take Newman, as she was striking the prosecutrix.
Jeffery's Defence. There was a mob, and this young woman struck another person; I went up - I was not capable of taking any thing up if it had been at my feet; she swears she never lost sight of us, and what could I do with the property.
JEFFERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
