






TENTH DAY, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1821.
121. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MASH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, one snuff box, value 1 l., and one pocket-book, value 1 s., the goods of Sir


                           Charles 
                           Dance
                        




Knt.
, from his person
            .
SIR 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DANCE
               



            . I am a Major and Lieutenant-Colonel in the 2nd Regiment of Life Guards
. On the 3d of November, I was at Drury-lane Theatre, and after the play was calling my carriage, nearly opposite the end of Bow-street


 - the theatre was quite over. I felt somebody catching my arm. Burton asked if I had lost any thing, I felt, and said, Yes, my snuff box and pocket-book from my coat pocket. I knew they were safe a few minutes before. I have never found them. The prisoner were then in custody. I had a lady (my cousin) on my left arm.


                  JOHN 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty at the corner of Bow-street, and saw the prisoner in company together at the end of Bow-street, standing together. Sir Charles stood there. The first I saw was Cook, who laid hold of Sir Charles's coat tail and lifted it up, and appeared taking something out, I seized them both. Mash stood a little behind. A third person got away directly among the coaches, whom I took to be in their company. Sir Charles missed his property. Nobody was between them and Sir Charles.
Cross-examined by MR. PERCY. Q. You did not see them take any thing - A. Not to be certain, they appeared taking something.
MASH'S Defence. I happened unfortunately to be going by when Burton took me.
COOK'S Defence. There were forty people on the spot.
COOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
MASH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
