





393. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KENNELLY
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23d of January
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Rickards
                        



                     
                  , did steal one sheet, value 3 s.; one tablecloth, value 3 s., her property; one pelisse, value 4 s.; one cloak, value 2 s.; four gowns, value 10 s.; and three aprons, value 18 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Dixon
                        



                     
                  ; and that he afterwards (to wit), about two o'clock in the night, burglariously did break the said dwelling-house, and get out of the same
            .

SARAH DIXON. I am niece to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Rickards
               



            , who keeps a coffee-shop
 in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch


. On the 22d of January, about two o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and engaged a bed for the night - we open about that time - he went to bed. About a quarter of an hour after I went to see if my aunt's bed-room door was safe, and found the prisoner's door wide open. I suspected something, went into his room, and found him lying on the bed, with a pelisse and sheet wrapped round him; he was dressed. I asked him how he came by them? he said a coachman, who slept up stairs, gave them to him. I examined further, and found all the articles stated in the indictment concealed in his bosom and in his breeches. He was intoxicated. I was going to leave the room, he said he would go and shew me the man who gave them to him - I pushed him on the bed, shut the door, and gave the alarm; my aunt and one of the lodgers came up. We found he had escaped out of the window - the window was a little open when I first went into the room. The officers came directly, and traced his footmarks in the snow on the tiles, to the window of some back premises.
Q. Do you always keep such late hours - A. We open at that time, and do not close again all day.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a headborough. I was fetched to the house about two o'clock in the morning, saw the footmarks on the tiling, and heard a man's voice faintly say,
"For God's sake let me in!" - he was at the window of a house in the court. I and Reeve went up Red Lion-court to the house - two women were terribly frightened on seeing him come in at the window. I went up stairs, and found the prisoner sitting in a chair under the window, with a great deal of blood about his person. I asked him how he could rob the people? he cried, and begged for mercy, and said another man gave him the things to bring down stairs. He appeared very much in liquor. I found a bolt broken off the closet door of Rickards's bedroom, where the property was stolen from.


                  JOSEPH 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Davis, his account is correct. I asked the prisoner how he became so bloody? he said the glass bottles cut him when he got over the tiles.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RICKARDS
               



            . I keep the house. Nobody but the prisoner slept there that night. My drawers were broken open.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The things were thrown into the room.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
