





268. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     CHALONER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, one bonnet, value 1 s.; one shawl, value 6 d.; one pair of curtains, value 3 s.; and two brushes, 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , widow
; one petticoat, value 1 s.; and one gown body, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Fisher
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at Paddington


. On the 26th of December, the prisoner was driven by a mob to my door; I took her in, protected her, washed her and gave her a bed; she lived next door, but the people were not at home; she was intoxicated; I went out at seven o'clock in the morning, leaving her there, and returned at seven o'clock at night, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, she was taken in custody on the 29th, with my bonnet, shawl, and gown body.


                  ELIZA 
                  FISHER
               



            . I lodged with Williams; I found the prisoner in my bed, and was obliged to sit up. I missed my things at night.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . I am an officer; I took her on another charge, the prisoner came to the office, I claimed the things she wore.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I got in liquor, the boys threw mud at me, I fled for refuge to Williams's; and in the morning my clothes not being dry, I took the liberty of using hers.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
