





1850. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TOBIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 4 half-crowns, and 8 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Timothy 
                        Morgan
                     




                  . from his person
            .
TIMOTHY MORGAN. I am a labourer
. On the 5th of August I went to Saffron-hill watch-house


, to see a man whom I knew - the prisoner was sitting close to me, and I felt his hand come out of his pocket - I felt and missed my money. I then got up and caught hold of him, and was going to serve him out; then he and another got up and struck me; I lost six half-crowns, some shillings, and sixpence.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNLY
               



            . I am constable of the night; I saw the prosecutor at the watch-house. I was told he had been robbed; I searched them all, but found no money on any of them; I was looking about, and behind the door of the lock-up place, I found this handkerchief with three half-crowns and four shillings in it.


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a watchman; I took morgan to the watch-house to see a man; he was in liquor; he took out four half-crowns, and said, "This is my money, nobody shall have it;" he put it back again.


                  CHARLES 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I was constable of the night; I took the prisoner in charge before Morgan came in; I searched him he had no money; but in his hat I found this handkerchief, in which the money was afterwards found; I know it was his, for I had him in custody a night or two before, and he had the same handkerchief then.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief came with bread and butter in it, to a prisoner named Sullivan.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
