





1871. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 4 saws, value 9s. 6d.; 4 planes, value 9s.; 1 saw, value 3s. 6d.; 1 tool-basket, value 10d.; 2 squares, value 5s., and 1 smoothing-plane, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ward
               




            .
THOMAS WARD. I left these tools in a house in Waterloo-road


. On Thursday, the 12th of October, I was ill, and did not go there next day - the house was locked up. The prisoner was quite a stranger.


                  JOHN 
                  PEAGAN
               



            . On Saturday night, the 14th of October, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner came and offered me two squares, a chisel, and a spoke-shave for sale - I bought them of him; he had several more tools in a basket; I told some of my shop-mates of it, who bought some of him - he said his father had died, and left them to him.


                  JOHN 
                  HARTWELL
               



            . I bought some tools of the prisoner on this evening.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALSOP
               



            . I bought a saw of the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AVANT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Grey, pawnbroker, of Aldgate. I have a saw, pawned by the prisoner, on the 14th of October.


                  RICE 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fleming, pawnbroker, of Fleet-market. The prisoner pawned a saw with me.


                  JOHN 
                  GUEST
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 14th of October the prisoner pawned a saw with me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When he was at Guildhall he said they were all safe at four o'clock on Friday, and now he speaks of Thursday.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
