






1204. 
               
                  ANN 
                  DAVIS
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  JONES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 2s., and 1 watch key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Morris
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN MORRIS. I am a bookseller
, and live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 13th of May, I had been with a few friends who detained me till nearly three o'clock in the morning; I met the two prisoners in Whitechapel


, who asked me for something to drink; I was not in liquor but had been drinking - we went to a house which was shut up, and as we were returning I stopped for a moment - one of them returned, and I missed my watch; I accused them with it, but they got away; I supposed they had been throwing it down a water-but which stood there - I tried to get it out but could not; I pursued them for some time, when I returned and saw them again at the water-but; I took hold of them - they tried to get away, and Jones bit my hand, to make me let Davis go; I called the watchman, who came and took them.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house, and the prosecutor said he made no doubt that the watch was in the water-butt; I went and got some watchmen and found it there; the prosecutor had been at the watch-house about ten minutes before, when he wanted me to take charge of a person who had offended him - I told him he had better go home about his business - he was intoxicated.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I was the watchman of the beat. I was called at three o'clock - I ran down the yard, and found the two prisoners at the water-butt - they were taken to the watch-house, and this watch was found in the butt.(Property produced and sworn to.)
DAVIS' Defence. I was going along Whitechapel, and heard the cry - I went towards the place and saw a female running from there - I crossed over, and the prosecutorhad hold of Jones; I asked what he wanted with her, and then he caught hold of me, and said I was the other.
JONEs' Defence. I was coming along and he laid hold of me, and said I had robbed him of his watch; he took hold of my throat, and said he would strangle me - Davis then came and he said she was the other.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
