





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
64. 
               
                  HUGH DOYLE 
                  WARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 8 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Higgins
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Burke
                     



.
THOMAS HIGGINS. I am a labourer
, and lodge at Edward Burke's, in Angel-court, St. James


; the prisoner lodged in the same room with me there for three weeks; we slept in the same bed - I had thirty sovereigns at the bottom of my box, in a glove - I put them there at ten o'clock at night, on the 27th of November; we went to bed together about ten o'clock - I locked the box, and put the key into my waistcoat pocket; we got up together about eight o'clock in the morning, and left the room together at half-past nine - my box was in a cupboard in the bed-room, but before that we had gone into the next room to breakfast - he asked me to go to get my hair cut at half-past nine, and went with me as far as the door of a house in the same court, where there was a man whom he recommended to me to cut my hair; he was not a hair-dresser - I staid there about a quarter of an hour, and returned immediately to my room - I met him coming down-stairs as I went up; he was coming from the room we had breakfasted in - he asked me to lend him 1s., and at lastsome halfpence - I had none, and went to get some from my box; I found the hinges forced off, and missed eight sovereigns and a half; I went down-stairs, but could not find him - I saw him in the street in about two hours, and had him taken on suspicion; another man assisted me - I asked what made him break open my box, and he denied it - we took him as far as St. James' church; he would go no further - I left a man with him, while I went for an officer, and he escaped, but was taken about twelve o'clock. No one slept in the room but him and me; I left nobody but the landlady at home.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there not other lodgers? A. Yes, but they were not in the house at the time; there were three more: I left the prisoner standing at the street-door - my hair was cut two doors off, on the same side of the way. When I met him on the stairs, I do not know whether he came from the breakfast or bed-room - I never said I had lost but seven sovereigns, or 5l. 10s. - I found the rest among my clothes; my box was safe at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, and the other lodgers were then all gone out, and my landlord was out - there was no lock to the bed-room door; one of the lodgers breakfasted with us, and he went out at the same time as me.


                  MARY 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the wife of Edmund Burke - we only have the first-floor; the landlord lives in the second-floor; there is but one street-door, which is common to us all - Higgins lodged with me; I had five lodgers at that time. On the 28th of November, the prisoner and Higgins breakfasted with me, but nobody else; the other lodgers had all gone out to work at six o'clock; Higgins said he wanted his hair cut, and the prisoner said that a man next door would do it - I asked Higgins to stop in his own room and have it done, but the prisoner persuaded him to have it cut next door, and after breakfast they went down-stairs together; the prisoner returned directly, and went through my room into the bed-room; nobody but him was there - he told me he was taken very ill in the stomach, and asked me to lend him 1 1/2d. for some gin, as he had not got a farthing; he wanted me to fetch it, but I went down and sent somebody for it, and as I returned, he went into the bed-room and closed the door, he merely shut it; the gin came in about ten minutes, and I asked him to come out and have it; he said, "Stop a while" - I put it down, and he was in the room full ten minutes longer; I heard a noise like the box moving against the wainscoat, and the jingling of money on the floor - it did not sound like silver, but like gold falling on the floor - he came out and asked me for the gin; he drank it out of the bottle, without pouring it into a glass - I went downstairs, and did not see him again till he was taken; he had lodged there about five weeks; nobody but him had gone into the room before Higgins returned, which was in about five minutes after the prisoner left.
Cross-examined. Q. The bed-room is the next room to where they breakfasted? A. Yes; the breakfast-room is a very small one; the bed-room is not large; it contains two beds, and they must pass through my room to go to it. Higgins first mentioned about getting his hair cut - I was not more than a minute or two gone down for the gin; I found him in the bed-room, and the door closed - I saw him close the door - I heard something move against the wainscoat, and after that heard money scattering on the floor; I thought at the time it was something in his pocket, which he shook on the floor - it struck me at the time it was nothing proper; I thought it was gold; I said nothing to him; he had told me he had no money about him, but I did not know but he might have money and yet deny it, as he owed me some; it was not my place to ask him about it.
MR. PHILLIPS to HIGGINS. Q. You found Mrs. Burke in her room, I suppose, when you went up? A. Yes; there were four suits of clothes in my box; it had a good lock - I missed the key out of my pocket; the hinges were wrenched off from the screws.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of November, a little after twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner running along Church-street, Soho, followed by a mob calling Stop thief! I fetched my staff, went into Grafton-street, and there found him in a man's custody - he said he would go with me, as I was an officer; and as we went along, he said, "I did not take the sovereigns" - I had not mentioned sovereigns, nor heard a word about them before. When I got to the watch-house, he said, "Don't search me, I have not got the sovereigns" - I found 19s. 3d. on him. A man named George Craven followed him to Marlborough-street; they got into conversation by the fire-place in the office, and the prisoner said to him, "Mind you say you brought me some silver;" "What silver," said Craven; "O," he said, "say you brought me some silver, and be sure you say it was after breakfast to-day" - Craven said, "After breakfast?" "Yes," said the prisoner, "after breakfast, and more than that, you must swear to it; or if you cannot, you know who will" - I turned round and said, "What are you talking about, silver?" Craven replied, "I brought him some silver" - I said, "What silver?" he said, "I don't know" - I said, "Where did you bring it from?" he said from a man; he did not know what man; I said, "What house? what number?" he said, "I don't know, but I know it was yesterday."
Cross-examined. Q. Had not Higgins been speaking to him before you took him? A. Not to my knowledge; I found no gold on him - he said I should not find the gold.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my tobacco-box and a few halfpence that fell out of my pocket in the room - I did not breakfast with Higgins that morning: the other men might as well have taken the money as me, as he had lost his key. Mr. Thomas had advanced me the money which was found on me when I was taken.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am an apothecary, and knew the prisoner in Ireland for five or six years; I gave him a sovereign about three weeks ago; I think it was on a Monday morning - he said he had got a letter for Mr. Canning, through the interest of Mr. Martin, and was getting a situation - he asked me to lend him some money, and I gave him a sovereign.




               GUILTY. Aged 24. Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
