






NINTH DAY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3.
1349. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BECKETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 30 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Southall
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  CHARLES 
                  SOUTHALL
               



            . I live in Redcross-street. The house No. 28, Banner-street


, is mine.



                  RICHARD 
                  WARD
               



            . I had the care of this house on the 9th of October, about one o'clock in the day, everything was quite safe - this lead was fixed to the cistern and sink. About eleven o'clock at night Cox alarmed me, I went and found it cut from its place, and lying in the kitchen in four pieces - the back door was forced open. About a week before that the prisoner, Thompson, had called and looked the house over.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRENVILLE
               



            . I am a watchman. One end of my beat comes into Banner-street. Cox called me over to him, I went to the door of No. 28, and saw a light in the kitchen. Cox called Ward up, and I saw the two prisoners come out of the back door of the house into the court. I took Thompson, Beckett ran back into the house - I saw him in the custody of Daniels; I am sure he is the man. We went into the house, and found four pieces of pipe cut from the sink. Some matches were found on both the prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. Where was you when they came out - A. In the middle of the passage - I saw them come out of the back door.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Have you given evidence here before - A. Yes, on the trial of one Grant, he was acquitted.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I am a watchman. I observed a light at No. 28, Banner-street, which was an empty house. I called Grenville, and knocked at the door three or four times - no answer was given. I went towards the next door, and the moment I knocked the prisoners came from the back door; we seized Thompson, and Beckett retreated into the house. Before I could spring my rattle he came out of the front door; Daniel seized him, he fell down in the kennel; I immediately secured and took him to the watch-house. I returned to the house, and found the lead on a table, and a crowbar on the copper. One match, partly burnt, was found on Thompson, and nine or ten on Beckett. At one o'clock I found a skeleton key in the court, and at two I found a dark lanthorn, with a wax candle in it, two or three yards from the back door. The lead was fresh cut, and weighed 30 lbs.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. You could not see the back door - A. Yes. They said they went up the court for a necessary purpose, but I had seen them lurking about the house before ten o'clock.


                  CHARLES 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live a few doors from the prosecutor's. As I passed I saw the watchmen knocking at the door. I stood at the front door while they went down the court, and in about three minutes Beckett opened the back door and ran out; I laid hold of him till the watchman secured him. I went into the house and saw the lead torn from the cistern.


                  ELIJAH 
                  PICKNEY
               



            . I was constable of the night. I searched the prisoners, and found half a match on Thompson and ten on Beckett.
THOMPSON's Defence. I went up the court for a necessary purpose,
BECKETT'S Defence. I had been at work in a cellar, which made me have matches.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
BECKETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
