





550. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, one pocket-book, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Freeman
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



            , ESQ. I live in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square. On the 3d of April I was in Oxford-street


, I accidentally put my hand into my pocket, and missed my pocket-book - it was safe when I left home. I had not seen the prisoner. On Tuesday morning it was brought to me with several of my own cards and memorandums in it.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRANTON
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Gray-street. On the 3d of April I saw the prisoner put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, at the corner of the Regent's Circus, Oxford-street, and take out a blue morocco pocket-book; he put it under his coat, and came up the Circus to where I stood. I asked him what he had been doing? he answered
"Nothing." I collared him, he knocked me down, I still held him - assistance came, and he was secured. He threw the pocket-book away - I saw Smith pick it up. We took him to Marlborough-street.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. What distance was you from him - A. Six or seven yards. The prosecutor went on; I had not an opportunity of calling him.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a painter. I was at work at the building, and saw Tranton lay hold of the prisoner - they were struggling, and I went to his assistance. Trantonwas on the ground, but still kept his hold. I saw the prisoner throw a blue morocco pocket-book away, and I picked it up.


                  JOHN 
                  WHEELER
               



            . The prisoner and pocket-book were given into my charge. I found Mr. Freeman out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the pocket-book. The man seized me, and in the struggle it dropped from me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
