





1332. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sanders
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 6 d.; a banker's draft, for payment of and value 8 l. 8 s., and a 5 l. Bank note
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I live in Tower-street, and am clerk
 to Mr. Bowring. On the 17th of October, my pocket-book, containing a 5 l. note and a cheque for 8 l. 8 s., was in my outside coat pocket, between twelve and one o'clock - I was at the corner of Rood-lane and Fenchurch-street; just as I got to the top of Rood-lane


, I thought I felt a man's hand in my pocket, turned round, and the prisoner's hand was close to my coat; nobody but him was near; he crossed over the way, and then I seized him, and said I thought he had something belonging to me, which he denied - (the pocket-book was found under a gateway, where I first laid hold of him;) I asked him to go with me to a constable, who lived close by, and on the way, he broke from me, and ran off. I lost sight of him for a short time - I called Stop thief! and he was secured. Nobody but him was within reach of me.
JURY. Q. Was it found where you seized him, or where you felt his hand in your pocket - A. Where I seized him, after he had crossed.
MR. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  STROTHER
               



            . I am a wine-merchant, and live in Fenchurch-street. On the 17th of October, I found this pocket-book under the gateway, leading to our counting-house, opposite Rood-lane. I shewed Mr. 
               Sanders
             the spot. It contained a draft for eight guineas, and a 5 l. note.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the road - the prosecutor was about twenty yards off; he crossed, and said,
"I suppose you have my pocket-book" - I said I had nothing of his, and would go where he liked. He stopped half an hour talking to me. I went with him to the constable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
