






557. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     McKONE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BULLOCK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 1 pencil-case value, 6d., and 1 pocket-book, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN EDWARDS
               



            . I live in Ernest-street, near Regent's-park


. On the 6th of February, about half-past ten o'clock, I saw a young man run out of my house - my servant had left the door open; I could not see who it was, but I saw a person go out - the parlour door opens into the passage; I was very much flurried: he ran out quick - I had only a glimpse of his coat.



                  MARIA 
                  MOORE
               



            . I lodge with Edwards and have the parlour. On the 6th of February I had a silk bag on the parlour table, lined with red; I was ill in bed in the next room - I left it on the table the night before: a pencil-case and pocket-book were in it.


                  JOHN 
                  ALDERWOOD
               



            . I am a butcher, and live opposite this house. I was standing at my door, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw a young man, who resembled Bullock, running up the street; I followed him - he turned round Little Albany-street; I went another way, and told some persons to follow him - I lost sight of him; when I turned into a mews I saw McKone standing - he did not appear as if he had been running; I said to him, "You must go with me;" some persons came up and said,"Where is the lad?" one of them said, "He is in that corner" - I went up and saw Bullock; I took him, and brought him back to McKone; I saw this pocket-book pass from Bullock to McKone - Bullock was out of breath, as if he had been running; whether they had been in company together, or not, I cannot say.


                  JAMES 
                  DORSET
               



            . I am a constable. This is the pocketbook - here are several cards, with the prosecutrix's address, inside it.
MckONE's Defence. I was going along - I did not know it was stolen.
BULLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
McKONE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
