





1007. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 22d of April
, 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark
               




            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  CLARK
               



            . Thomas Clark (my brother) has taken a shop in High-street, Shadwell


, and placed me there, merely as a servant. On the 22d of April the prisoner came into the shop, and asked to look at some shoes, at about 7s. - I took down three pairs from the window - he said they would not fit him; he then asked to look at some that were in a case, at the side of the shop; I said they were dearer - he said he did not mind that - he then looked at two of them, and said they would do if I would scratch the bottoms. I then showed him some others from a case at the bottom of the shop - he said they were too light, and he would have the other if I would scratch and clean them, and he would give me sixpence for my trouble - while I was doing that I saw him shuffle about, and put his hand to his back. I then went to put the shoes into the window, and missed a pair which I had brought from the case at the bottom of the shop. I seized him, and found them under his coat - he asked me to have something to drink, and said he would treat me with half-a-pint of anything I liked - brandy, rum, or gin; he then went away - I gave an alarm, and he was taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  TICKLE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner running when I was about twelve yards off; I pursued him, and took him at the corner of Bluegate-fields. The witness said he had taken a pair of shoes, and he had taken them from under his coat. I searched him, but found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. He is a false-swearing man - the pair of shoes I had I gave into his hand, and he said he would make an example of me; I gave him the shoes out of the chair; I never wear a coat. The shoes are not worth taking.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
