






965. 
               
                  ABIGAIL 
                  WOOD
               




             and 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  WAY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, three gallons of wine, value 20 s., and twelve bottles, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry William 
                  Keele
               




            .
HENRY WILLIAM KEELE. I live in Sloane-street, and am a surgeon
; my surgery is in China-walk


; I let part of the house there to Mr. Cook: I have some wine in the cellar; I went there on Sunday, the 8th of April, and found eight bottle in the kitchen; I went to No. 13; Way opened the door - I asked if Wood was there - she said she did not know any such person; Wood had lived with me as a servant about one week before; Way then went down the stairs - Mr. Hood, the Magistrate, the constable, and myself, followed her, and Wood made her appearance at the door of the room, and was given in charge; she said she was innocent, she had not wronged me; there was nothing said about my wine, but afterwards the Magistrate said Wood was charged with stealing wine: we then went went up stairs, and said we knew the wine was in the house; Way then went to a closet and produced twelve bottle of wine, which she put on a table; she said Wood had brought them there; but she did not know how she came by them - this was not in Wood's hearing: in another cupboard we found some empty bottles. We then went down stairs again, and found a man ill in bed; Way's husband was there: we found a key of my wine cellar in the bottom of a trunk. I had wine of various kinds -there was Port, orange, and currant: I afterwards missed some wine from my cellar. I had had eight or nine dozen of Port, and the orange and currant wine was on a shelf; I could see that the number of bottles had been diminished: I generally kept the key about me or in my desk.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Can you tell exactly what number of bottles of orange and currant wine you had? A. Not exactly; I understand Mr. Way is a cow-keeper and milkman.


                  SARAH 
                  PENNINGTON
               



            . I live with Mr. Cook, in China-walk. On Saturday evening, the 10th of April, I remember Abigail Wood came there with Mr. Way - Wood said she wanted to speak to Mr. Keele's assistant, Mr. Williams; they went into the dispensary and were there about five minutes; I went down into the kitchen and Wood came down in about five minutes, and asked me to light her - she said she was come for some wine for Mr. Keele; she unlocked the cellar door and filled a basket with bottles of wine - she said some were port and some orange, and some currant; she then asked me to let her go through the area, which she did, and set the basket against the front gate; she came down into the kitchen again and went up into the dispensary, and said she should come again on Monday night: when they went away one of the prisoners took hold of one side of the basket and the other the other - Wood had put eight bottles of wine on the table, which she said were to be divided between Mr. Williams and me. I had never seen her but once, about three weeks before, when I took a note to Mr. Keele.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the assistant at home? A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  GEORGE WILLIAMS
               



            . I was in the dispensary on the day in question. I remember the two prisoners coming into the dispensary - Wood said she wanted to see Mr. Cook's servant - she went down stairs, and said nothing about wine to me. I knew she had left Mr. Keele's service - Way staid in the dispensary.


                  JOHN 
                  TANNER
               



            . I went with Mr. Keele and Mr. Hood, on Sunday, to Way's house, and there we found twelve bottles of wine, which Way gave us.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper. Wood was brought to me on Sunday night - she said that Mr. Hood would come and give charge of her, but he did not; I asked her what she was brought for? she said "For taking Mr. Keele's wine." I afterwards went to Way's house and brought away two empty bottles which I found under the bed.
MR. KEELE. I missed the key of the wine cellar after I had found the wine.
SARAH PENNINGTON re-examined. Q. Did you see the two prisoners carry away the basket with the wine? A. Yes; Wood covered it with a cloth before she took it out of the cellar.
Ten witnesses gave Wood an excellent character.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WAY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
