





85. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BATES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 1 box, value 5s.; 2 blankets, value 8s.; 2 shirts, value 6s.; 1 bed-tick, value 3s.; 5 gowns, value 16s.; 3 shifts, value 9s.; a pair of trousers, value 9s.; 3 shawls, value 12s.; 4 petticoats, value 6s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 5 spoons, value 2s., and 5 rings, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               




            .
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. I am a discharged soldier
, from the 60th regiment of the Duke of York's rifle corps. On the 10th of November I packed up my clothes, to go to Bristol, in my way to Ireland; my box contained the articles stated in the indictment, and several more. I never saw the prisoner till the 6th of November, when I met him at Chelsea; I found he lodged in the same house as my wife and family, in Pugh's-row, Westminster - he came to me on the 9th, and asked if he should carry my box, as it was too heavy for me - he knew where it was going, and put the direction on himself; I accompanied him when he carried it, to the White Bear, Piccadilly


, on the 10th - we returned together, and after breakfast he shewed me the way to Bristol - I walked, and got there on the 17th, and found my box had not arrived - I wrote to London, and had no answer. I then walked back, and waited at Pugh's-row till the prisoner came in - I told him I wanted him to go to the office, to inquire about the box, as I had not received it; he went with me, but said he had occasion to stop, and desired me to go into the office - I went in, but did not find it. I was coming back, not having seen him, when he ran after me; I said, "You was not at the office; and the clerk says you took it away"- he said, "I did not," and returned towards the office with me; just before we got there he went down a dark turning; I followed him - he ran, but I seized him - he tried to escape, but I took him to the office; the clerk said, "That is the man who had the box."


                  GEORGE 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am the book-keeper. The prosecutor and the prisoner came on the 9th, and asked a few questions, and on the 10th they brought the box, before nine o'clock in the morning - Williams gave me 2d. for booking; the prisoner then said, "You need not be in a hurry to load the box, as we may want it again - he may not go;" I said, "Very well;" they left, and in about two hours the prisoner returned, alone, and asked for the box - I asked how he was going to send it; he said, "The soldier is not going for a week - I am going to take it back to his lodging;" he took it away. I believed that Williams had sent him. I have no doubt of his person.


                  GEORGE 
                  OVERS
               



            . I am a patrol. I took him in charge - he said nothing about the box.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of November I went with a warrant to Jew's-row, and in a bed there found this shirt, which Williams claims; I saw the prisoner next morning, in New Prison, and told him I had searched his lodging, found this shirt, and it was useless to deny it - he said, "Well, I did take it," and that he had sold the other things to a man who sold things about the street.


                  HARRIET 
                  BUCKLEY
               



            . I live in Jew's-row. The prisoner slept in the bed the shirt was found in.
Prisoner's Defence (written). The prosecutor had married an Irish woman, for no other purpose than her money, which is plainly evident, by his telling me that on their arrival at the County of Cork, he intended to leave her, and return to London, and he ordered me to fetch this box, sell the things which it contained, and have the money ready against his arrival. I was much in want of money, and when he came up I had spent it.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS re-examined. There is not a word of truth in this statement.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
