





Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
901. 
               
                  LYDIA 
                  CASEMERE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 1 watch, value 50s.; 1 chain, value 1s., and 1 seal, value 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Osborn
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD OSBORNE. I am a carpenter
, and live at No. 9, Dean-street, Holborn; between half-past ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 11th of March, I met the prisoner with another person; I was quite sober; and had twenty numbers of a large book under my arm - they began to pull them away. I desired them not to do so, and put up my right hand to secure the numbers - I had not gone far before the prisoner took my watch, and gave it to the other, who ran across Holborn


 to the corner of Feathers-court; I pursued her, and cried, Stop thief! - the prisoner kept coming in contact with me to stop me; when I got to the corner of the court, the woman with the watch had got down the court - I met a watchman, and told him to take the prisoner, but he rather hesitated, and would rather take me; another watchman came up, and took her.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner to the watch-house; the prosecutor charged her with robbing him of his watch - she said she did not take it, and she wanted me to take the prosecutor in charge, and said he had struck her.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Holborn; when I passed Dean-street I heard this gentleman call Stop thief! - I saw no female there, but several gentlemen; he rushed by me and knocked me down - I asked what he knocked me down for; he turned back again and said he believed I was one of the women who took his watch; it was full a quarter of an hour before the watchman came up.


                  RICHARD 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I never said I only believed she was the woman; I said she was, and gave charge of her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
