





FIFTH DAY, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.
946. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MULLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, one seal, value 20 s.; one chain, value 2 d., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Sherriff
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHERRIFF
               



            . I am keeper of Aylesbury goal
. On the 24th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in St. James's-square


. I tucked my watch-seals under my waistcoat. The Queen's carriage passed by, and there was a great rush, which carried everybody before it - at that instant I felt a violent snatch at my chain, I felt my watch rise in my fob, the chain broke or was cut, and the seal and key taken away. The prisoner was close to me at that moment, and he ran away as well as he was able, stooping down. I endeavoured to lay hold of the flap of his coat, but he slipped by me. I followed him about twenty yards, then seized him, and charged him with stealing my seal. I was within a yard and a half of him at the time. He said he had not got it. I shook him, and at that instant saw him fumbling about with his hands. I seized his hand, and the seal, key, and part of the chain dropped from it, I picked it up. He said he would not go with me. Several bad characters came round, and with the assistance of two persons I secured him. It was impossible any one but him could have done it. Some fellows behind him, said,
"D - n it, go it Bob!"



                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I work at Taplin's livery-stables, in Gray's Inn-lane. I was in St. James's-square, and saw Sherriff following the prisoner; he came up to him, and charged him with robbing him. The prisoner was very resolute. I saw the chain and seal on the ground - they must have dropped from the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES SMITH
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it. Somebody behind me said
"Here is the chain."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
