





741. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 236 lbs. of lead, value 2 l., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hawes
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Turner
                     



                  , widow
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAWES
               



            , I am a boot-maker
, and live in Swallow-place, Oxford-street. Mrs. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Turner
               



             inhabited a house, belonging to me - I saw the lead work safe about a week before. I found the prisoner in custody with some lead. I then went to the house in Maida-vale, Paddington, and found all the pipes and edges stripped off. I saw it compared with the house, it fitted.


                  THOMAS 
                  LANGTON
               



            . I am a hay binder, and live in Charles-street, Lisson Green. I was at work in a rick-yard, near this house, on Monday the 15th of April, about ten or eleven in the morning, and under some rubbish I found a piece of lead, about a hundred yards from the house, and about two yards further I found more. I told Wallis, and watched, and about half-past seven o'clock at night, I stopped the prisoner with it on his back, about a hundred yards from the place where it was concealed. I asked what he had on his back; he answered nothing - I found it was the lead; it weighed about 50 lbs. He took us back to the place, and shewed us where he had it from, and four pieces were left behind - it weighed in all 236 lbs. He said he was nearly all night getting it there. I saw one piece fitted to the roof.


                  JAMES 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Nevitt. I work close by the premises. I watched the place where the lead was concealed, and about half-past seven o'clock saw the prisoner come and take it away from the place. Langton stopped him - there was four more pieces of lead left behind. He said he took it off a house at Kilburn, and it took him nearly all night to get it there. I saw it fitted to the prosecutor's house, and have no doubt of its being taken from there.
WILLIAM SELIERS. I am a constable. I fitted the lead to the building, it came from there.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw it laying in this place, took it up, and was bringing it away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
