





644. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CROUT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 2 seals, value 30s.; 1 gold ring, value 7s., and 1 watch key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Scott
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SCOTT. I liven in Craven-square, City-road, and am servant
 to Mr. Sarson. On the 17th of February I went to meet a coach at the Peacock public-house, Islington, expecting a hare; I went from there to the Bull and Mouth inn, Bull and Mouth-street; I had a watch in my fob with gold seals and a ring - the ring was worth 7s., the seals 30s., and the key 6d.; it was safe when I got to the Bull and Mouth - when I got into Beech-street


 I saw four persons walking on the same side of the way; I tried to pass, as they appeared intoxicated - they made an opening for me to pass through them; I had a hare in my left hand- two of them said "D - n me, there is a good one" - they snatched three times at the hare, one of them kept my left hand up; I called out Watch! three times, being alarmed, and then felt three tugs at my watch; I saw a hand come round, and thought my watch was gone; I called Watch! - they said it was only a joke; I told them to return my watch - the watchman came up and asked me what was the matter, and I told him my watch was gone, and I thought so then; he asked me who did it - I said I could not swear, but these were the two men who had hold of me; I had then laid hold of two of them - he took one and I the other; I was then knocked back, but not by the prisoner, and my man got away; as I went along I found my watch left, but the ring part was bent - the ribbon and seals were gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What time in the evening was this? A. About twenty minutes before twelve o'clock, I had left my employ at eight o'clock in the evening; I went home to supper.
Q. The four men appeared very much intoxicated? A. Yes; they appeared so - they reeled about - two of them were getting away - they could have got the hare from me if they liked, without holding my hand up - that rather prevented them getting it.
Q. One of them held up your arm while the other three tried to get the hare? A. Exactly so - they all appeared very much intoxicated; when the watchman came up he asked who did it; I had hold of two men at that time; I really think they were very much intoxicated - I think so now.
Q. It appeared a drunken frolic? A. More like that than any thing else - I think so now.
Q. You now think it was, on the part of all of them, a drunken frolic? A. Yes; I was present when the prisoner was searched - nothing of mine was found on him - I was perfectly sober - it appeared to me a drunken frolic altogether; they could easily have got the hare from my hand without holding it up if they choose.
COURT. Q. They did not take the hare but your seals? A. Yes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. They did their best to snatch thehare from you? A. I told them it would not do, and they could not get it from me - it happened between Whitecross-street and Golden-lane; I am certain the watchman asked me who had done it - he did not at that time say who did it.
Q. I believe you have very little doubt that the prisoner was not the person who snatched at your watch? A. I do not think he himself did snatch it, as a hand came round; the watchman came up in two or three minutes - I called out three or four times before he came - I do not recollect whether it was under a light - the street is lighted with gas; when they said it was only a joke, I said"Give me my watch;" I found they still hustled me, and I called Watch! again.
Q. They might have knocked you down and robbed you if they liked? A. They certainly might.
COURT. Q. They did not take the hare, but some of them did take your seals, ribbon and ring? A. Yes; they used so much violence as to bend the part of the watch, which holds the ribbon. I have had no part of my property returned to me.


                  HENRY 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a bookseller and printer, and live at No. 4, East-street, Spitalfields. About half-past eleven o'clock, on Friday evening, I was coming up Chiswell-street, and heard a cry of Stop him! or Stop them! I stood under a gas light; I heard men running in different directions, and saw the prisoner running with all speed - I had a stick in my hand and stood in an attitude to stop him - whether he saw me I cannot tell, but he directly ran down Grub-street - I followed, collared him, and took him back - I gave him to a watchman - a patrol came up, who had been pursuing him, and I accompanied them to the watch-house; the prosecutor came in and stated that he was one of the party who held his hands while he was robbed of his watch; the prisoner said nothing in his defence - he heard this - he seemed surprised that he should be charged with it. I am sure he said the prisoner was one of them - whether he said he snatched the chain I do not know, but I understood him to say he was one of the men.
Cross-examined. Q. When the watchman came up he did not find the prosecutor holding two persons? A. This was after the transaction - I know nothing of the robbery; I did not see the prosecutor till I got to the watch-house; I saw no other person in the street - but it is a long-street.
Q. Did you hear the prosecutor say he did not believe the prisoner was the man who had touched him, or who took his watch? A. I recollect nothing of the sort - whether he said the prisoner was the person who snatched at his chain, or whether he was one that held him; but he described him as one of the party.
Q. Did not the prosecutor say he thought they were all drunk together? A. I do not recollect it. I mention all I heard; I heard him say at Guildhall that they were drunk - he thought they were all staggering about; Voll, the watchman, said, at the watch-house, that he saw the prisoner pull at the watch - he said that before the prosecutor.
Q. Mr. Scott has been sworn, and I suppose he was as sober as you? A. No doubt of it - he must have as full a recollection of the matter as me.
Mr. PHILLIPS to JOHN SCOTT. Q. I think you said the watchman came up to you when you called Watch? A. Yes.
Q. And that he did not say he saw any one do it? A. No; he asked me who did it - I should know the watchman if I saw him.
COURT. Q. You say you did not see any person do this - will you look at this paper, and tell me whether it is your hand-writing - read it over? A. This is signed by me.
Q. Have you looked over it? A. No (he does so).
Q. You have read that over, and you signed it? A. Yes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Is that the watchman you mean(pointing to the witness Voll)? A. That is the person.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  VOLL
               



            . I am a watchman. I came up on hearing what was passing - the spot in question is in the City. I heard a call of Watch! at a quarter before eleven o'clock, and immediately came up to where the noise was - I saw two men standing on the pavement, and one having hold of Mr. Scott's left arm, in which he had a hare, and the prisoner at the bar was lugging at his fob; Mr. Scott had got his arm bent down to keep the watch in - Scott was completely swinging by the chain or ribbon.
Q. That is, it drew him round? A. Yes; they could not get it out, and at last they separated; their pulling swung him round; they could not get it out; Scott was in the road, and the men walked on the pavement - the prisoner was one of the party - Scott said directly to me"I have lost my seals."
Q. Or his watch, which did he say? A. His seals he told me. I laid hold of the prisoner, and immediately said "Have you got the gentleman's seals?" he said"No, I have not got the seals;" I said
"Then you must go with me to the watch-house - they were both agreeable to go to the watch-house (the prisoner and the one who had hold of the left arm); we went about three doors, and then he refused to go; I immediately said to Scott"You hold that one, and I will hold the other;" I gave him the man who got away - I had hold of the prisoner - as soon as Scott got hold of the other he immediately made a blow at Scott; I attempted to lay hold of him, and by so doing the prisoner got from me, and I ran after him - he ran very fast - I believe he was a little in liquor, but able to run very fast; I lost sight of him, I think, at the corner of Grub-street, as he turned round the corner, but caught sight of him again, and seeing him stopped by Young I held back, for I was quite out of wind; I came up, and he was taken to the watch-house. I am quite sure he is the person whom I saw tugging at Scott's watch.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you are sure this was in the City of London? A. Yes; it is in Beech-street - the spot is about three houses out of the county. I know the boundary of Cripplegate parish, and the boundary of the City - the officers have shewn me the boundaries of the different parishes.
Q. You know the man who had hold of the chain? A. Yes, I had a bull's-eye light - I saw him and know him.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Scott "I know who it was that was tugging at your watch," when you went up to him? A. No; I caught hold of the prisoner directly I asked Scott what the piece of work was; I had seen the prisoner tugging at his seals - I was not obliged to tell Scott.
Q. Now, on your oath, and remember Mr. Scott has been examined, instead of your not telling him who did it, did you not ask him who did it? A. I did not ask him that question - I swear that - if he has sworn so it is not true, for I saw the prisoner pulling at the fob. I have been here many times - not as a witness - as a visitor many times, and I have unfortunately stood at that bar.
COURT. Q. Are you quite sure you saw the prisoner pulling at the fob? A. Yes; I am positive.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home; there was a piece of work in the street - the gentleman said he had been robbed - this watchman came up, and said "What is the matter?" the prosecutor said "I have been robbed;" "Who was it?" said the watchman; he said "I don't know;" the watchman laid hold of me, and said"You have robbed the gentleman?" I said "I have not."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
