





1717. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Paulin
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD PAULIN. I am an auctioneer
, and live in Broad-street, Radcliffe. On the 19th of October, between one and two o'clock in the day, I was in Cornhill


, going to Cheapside - my handkerchief was in my outside coat-pocket, about eleven o'clock in the morning, when I left home. I did not feel it taken out, but missed it at a jeweller's-shop, in Sweeting's-alley. On my return home by the Mansion-house, three quarters of an hour afterwards, an officer asked if I had had my pocket picked. I found the prisoner in custody with it - my name is on it at full length. I had not observed him near me.
THOMAS IZOD. I am a warehouseman, and live in Sherborne-lane. On the 19th of October, I was coming through St. Peter's-alley, into Cornhill, and saw the prisoner in company with two others behind Mr. Paulin - I watched them. Mr. Paulin crossed over, they followed him - and about three doors from Finch-lane, I saw one of the others take a handkerchief from Mr. Paulin's right hand pocket, and immediately throw it back to the prisoner - who received it. I immediately crossed over and seized the prisoner with it in his hand. Mr. Paulin was then out of sight - he threw the handkerchief down immediately as I seized him. I stopped to pick it up, and gave him to the officer with it. I was at the Mansion-house when Mr. Paulin came in.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not go with you to look for the gentleman, without your holding me? A. He did not attempt to escape - but I held him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORCESTER
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the road, when a boy threw the handkerchief right into my hand - I wondered at it, and directly threw it on the ground.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
