





670. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GUY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution


                  DAVID 
                  ABSOLAM
               



            . I am parish clerk of Great Yarmouth, and was so in 1815. I have known the prisoner almost from his childhood, and was present when he married 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth Thompson 
                     Capon
                  



               
            , on December 25, 1825
, by banns, she was single
. I knew them both well. I have a copy of the register which I extracted myself. (read.)
PRISONER. Q. Are you confident she was alive, when I married my last wife - A. I saw her in June or September last. I think there were five marriages that morning. Mr. Humphries was the clergyman, the attesting witnesses are all her relations. I am certain of him as I knew him well before. I am elected by the corporation, and was never suspended. The Church plate is kept at my house now, and was never moved from it.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What is the prisoner - A. A tailor.


                     JULIA 
                     HEALEY
                  



               
            . I was married to the prisoner at Shoreditch, on the 14th of November, 1819. I have one child by him, and am now in the family way. He lived about two years at first with me; then left me in distress without a penny to buy bread; he returned to me about seven months ago, and left me in the family way again, after saying he had a comfortable home for me. He went by the name of 
               
                  William 
                  H. Guy
               



             when he married me; I heard he was married before, and told him of it; he said she was only a kept woman, this was some time after I married him. I was acquainted with him for three months before I married him. I had no fortune, I believed him to be single; my uncle was foreman in Bishopsgate-street, were he worked as a tailor; he pawned the ring off my finger and my clothes, and then deserted me.


                  CLIFFORD 
                  ELISHA
               



            . I am the parish clerk of Shoreditch. I produce a certificate of this marriage which I extracted from the books. I do not remember the parties, (read) the prisoner was described as a batchelor in this certificate.)
The prisoner in a long address to the Court, contended that the first marriage was not proved, as the clerk must have forgotten his person, and that the attesting witnesses and clergyman should be called.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
