





79. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NELSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, one trunk, value 5 s.; two parasols, value 10 s.; two pair of shoes, value 5 s.; one pair of boots, value 4 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 10 s.; one dressing gown, value 2 s.; one cloak, value 10 s.; three shawls, value 15 s.; six petticoats, value 6 s.; two spencers, value 5 s.; seven gowns, value 20 s.; two pieces of muslin, value 18 s.; four waistcoats, value 4 s., and one work-box, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gordon
                  




               
            , Earl of Aberdeen in Scotland
, and Viscount Gordon of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . I live in New Bond-street. On the 4th of November I was in Little Brook-street, Hanover-square


, and saw the prisoner and another man on a trunk behind a carriage - they jumped off, and drew it after them. I immediately called Stop thief! and they ran away. I followed them, and the prisoner was taken without my losing sight of him. I found it was Lord Aberdeen's carriage.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDOVER
               



            . I am a mason. I heard an alarm, and saw the prisoner and another man run from the square - I stopped him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am valet to his Lordship. The carriage was coming from Brighton; the trunk contained the articles stated in the indictment. It was chained and padlocked behind.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
