





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1375. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, two blankets, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Gingell
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  GINGELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Gingell
               



            ; we live in Shakespeare-walk, Shadwell


. On a Sunday in September, the prisoner took a lodging for one night - he got up at eight o'clock in the morning, went out, and in consequence of what I heard, I went and found him in White Lion-street, and said,
"You villian, you have robbed me of my blankets;" he turned round, struck me in the breast, and said if I did not let him go, he would cut my liver out - I would not, but he slipped from me, got away, and was taken three weeks after - he threw the blankets into the middle of the street. I am sure he is the man.
- ATKINSON. I am a headborough. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house on another charge, and the prosecutrix recognized him among five other persons; she pointed him out immediately, and he did not deny it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SELTY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 30th of September, the prisoner took a lodging at my house, and paid for his bed, and got up about half-past six o'clock - I missed a sheet, and took him twelve days after.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
