





1979. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WATERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 2lbs. of bread, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel Francis 
                  Thurston
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  THURSTON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Francis Thurston
               



             - he is a weaver
, and does not live with me; I keep a bread-shop in Barbican. The prisoner is a stranger - she came into my shop last Thursday; I sent my little girl to serve her - she asked for a cottage loaf; we had none: the child came and said she had run away with the bread; I ran out, and took it from her - it was a 2lbs. loaf: I wanted to have nothing to say to her, and wished her to go away, but she gave me the most gross and abusive language, and I gave her in charge, as she used the most vulgar and obsence language possible, too shocking to repeat; I still wished her to go, but she followed me home, saying she would break every window in the house, and my head too.


                  MARGARET 
                  THURSTON
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. The prisoner came and asked for a cottage loaf; I said we had none - she said one of the others would do, but it must not be crusty; I gave it to her - she took it out of my hand, and ran out: my mother ran and brought her back - she used very bad language.


                  JAMES 
                  NOYES
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner in charge - her conduct in the watch-house was most gross and scandalous, and her language dreadful.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the bread, but did not steal it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
The prisoner was recognized as a most abandoned character, whom much pains had been taken with to reclaim.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
