





742. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 2 snuff-boxes, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Osburtas 
                     Hamley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OSBURTAS HAMLEY
               



            . I keep a tobacco - shop
, in Red Lion-street, Holborn


. On the 24th of February two persons came in, but I was in the parlour - my wife saw them; she gave an alarm, and I ran out - my boy took the prisoner; a little girl picked up these snuff-boxes, which are mine.


                  JANE 
                  HAMLEY
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I was in the shop about five o'clock; a man came in, and asked for some snuff-boxes - I handed him two or three; he wanted some others, and while I was getting them the prisoner came just in at the door, and said, "Have you bought any? there is another box in the window;" it is a very small shop: I said,
"That is a very expensive box," and I did not like to let them look at it, but I did at last; the prisoner then said, "There is another, with a castle on it;" I put the other box on the counter, and went to get that - the men then went out, and I missed two boxes; I called my husband, who pursued, and brought the prisoner back; he said, "I was here, but I did not take the boxes."


                  EMMA 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I live near the prosecutor. I saw the crowd going after the man, and picked up these two snuffboxes on some steps, where the crowed had passed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLOAK
               



            . I live with the prosecutor. I heard the alarm, and ran out: I saw the prisoner run - I called Stop thief! he ran up Princes-street, and on to Gray's inn- he ran into some chambers, and up two pairs of stairs, where he was taken; I am certain he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found this other box on him, with some snuff in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I left home at a quarter-past five o'clock, to go to Mr. Stevenson's, who lives in the chambers; I was too late, was returning down stairs, and met the prosecutor, who accused me of robbing him - he took me back to his house, and asked his wife, if I were the person, but I had not been there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
