





250. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, one gig harness, value 4 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Alpe
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, sating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Osborne
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am hostler
 at Bennett's stable-yard, Bruton Mews


; Mr. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Alpe
               



             kept his gig there. On Friday, the 14th of December, about a quarter-past seven o'clock at night, I saw the harness hanging at the stable-door, and about half-past nine o'clock it was gone. I saw it about a week after at Marlborough-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAY
               



            . I assist in the yard. On Friday, the 14th of December, about a quarter-past seven o'clock at night, I saw the harness hanging up by the door, I missed it about nine o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a coal dealer, and live in Bird-street, Golden-square; the prisoner came by my shed and asked if I wanted to buy some harness. I looked at it, this was Friday, the 14th of December, between ten and eleven o'clock; I gave him 2 l. for it, I saw him again on the 20th. I was taken into custody, as it was found in my possession, he was quite a stranger - I described his person, he told me he lived in the neighbourhood; I hung it at my door for sale.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Robinson and found the harness and collar under the shop; he rather prevaricated; he described the person he bought it of - the prisoner was brought to the watch-house on another charge next morning; I asked if he had sold 
               Robinson
             a gig harness, he said, he had; and it was last Friday, that he gave him 1 l. for it, that he sold it for another person, and he was to have 5 s. out of the 1 l. for his trouble.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
