






369. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROWSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHILLICK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, 3 prayer-books, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            , who is a stationer
. On the 11th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I heard the bell ring - I went through the parlour into the shop, and saw a man reach his hand over the counter, and take three prayer-books off the shelf; I ran out, calling Stop thief! I returned, but my little girl followed him - Rowson was taken soon after - I am certain he is the man whom I saw in the shop; he had a brown coat on; he has been in my shop before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If you knew him before, why did you tell the Magistrate it was a tall man man in a brown coat? A. I did not recollect him till I saw him again at the office - I did not see his face while he was in my shop.


                  ELIZA 
                  MARIA JONES
               



            . I and my sister were in the shop; a tall man came in and said, "Have you got any brown paper?" before I had said Yes, he put his hand over the counter and took some books - he ran out and shut the door; I and my mother followed; she returned, but I went on, and soon saw a crowd - a person called me into the road and said the man was caught, and gave me one of the prayer-books, covered with mud - they asked me if Rowson was the man - I said, Yes, for I then knew him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was your mother? A. She had just got into the room; I rang the bell for her - she was turning round as he came in - I do not think she could see his face while he was taking the books.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BASSETT
               



            . I was on Tower-hill, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round and saw Rowson running, and Shillick running about one hundred yards from him - when Rowson came up, I struck him with my umbrella; I and a friend kept him till some persons came up - he resisted very much - Shillick then came up, and took hold of Rowson by the collar and said, "You are mistaken," and endeavoured to get him away, but we would not let him go - several persons came up and took our parts; we separated the prisoners - somebody called out, "There are two books on the ground" - I then sawRowson working his arm about, and I saw one book drop from his arm on his feet; the girl came up and said that he was the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. No resistance was made till you struck him? A. No.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Shillick was about one hundred yards off? A. Yes; the persons calling Stop thief! were behind them both.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HARRIOTT
               



            . On the 11th of December, I saw the prisoners on Tower-hill - I saw Rowson running; he was stopped - Shillick came up and said he had done nothing - I said we had better take them both to the watch-house - I saw Rowson drop two books, and as I was picking them up, another dropped; this little  girl came and said, "That is the man who robbed my mother's shop."


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORN
               



            . I took them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROWSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SHILLICK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
