





236. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CRAGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, 24 lbs. of lead, value 8 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Field
                  




               
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. ANDREWS.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I live in Bennet-street, St. James's. I am building a house in St. James's-square


, for the Earl of Bristol; the prisoner was a plumber
 in the service of Mr. Holroyd, who is employed by me to do the plumber's work. On the 22d of December, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him leave work, he passed me; I was at that moment inquiring if my orders respecting the cuttings of lead had been complied with. I called to him as he passed, and said,
"Plumber, have you brought down any cuttings?" He did not attend to me, but kept walking on. I called again, he said,
"Sir;" but kept still going on. I followed, and overtook him just beyond the gateway which leads out of the premises. I said,
"Why don't you stop, don't you hear what I say to you?" On looking at him I saw he had something concealed under his dress, and on laying my hand on his side, I felt something which I had no doubt was lead, brought him back a short distance towards the premises, and called Churchill and Welch. While I was endeavouring to get the lead from him it fell from under his waistcoat. He said he hoped I would look it over. I said I should make an example of him, as a warning to others. He was taken to the watch-house.
Q. How long had he worked there - A. One week; the lead is mine. I had given orders that the cuttings should be brought to the counting-house, which is inside the gate, he had passed it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. He said he went outside the gate for a necessary purpose - A. No. He had come down a ladder sixty feet high from where he worked; the men usually carry lead on their shoulders.


                  JAMES 
                  CHURCHILL
               



            . I saw the prisoner going out of the building, Mr. Field stopped him outside the gate, and brought him back; he unbuttoned his coat himself, and out came the lead.


                  JOHN 
                  TIPPER
               



            . I saw the prisoner leaving work, Mr. Field called to him, he kept walking on; Mr. Field brought him back, and the lead fell from him.
Prisoner's Defence. I could not come down the ladder without concealing the lead in my coat; if it had fallen I should have been tried for my life, as many men were underneath.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
