





1528. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  STREET
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 2 silver tea-spoons, value 6s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 4s.. 1 pair of shoes, value 2s., and 1 silver table-spoon, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Murray
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable - the prisoner was taken up for disorderly conduct on the morning of the 20th of June; at three o'clock, she was brought to Lime-house watch-house, and I found on her two silver teaspoons; she had a gown and a pair of shoes on, but I knew nothing about them; I detained the spoons, and took her to Union Hall - she had three examinations, to give us an opportunity to discover the owner; she was committed to Brixton, and on the day she was discharged I endeavoured to follow her home, but she avoided me, and was given in change to another officer.
THOMAS MURRAY. I live in Goswell-street


, and am in the jewellery line
. The prisoner is my grand-daughter, and apprentice
; she has been with me four years; her father and mother deserted her, and I took her from the workhouse; she left me on the 19th of June, about two o'clock - I had sent her to Love-lane, with a message, and desired her to make what haste she could, on account of her grand-mother being on a sick bed - but she did not come - and at five o'clock, on looking round for the tea-things, I missed the tea-spoons, and then the table-spoon, in which we gave the medicine to her grand-mother; I never heard of her again till she was discharged from the office, when she was brought home with her grand-mother's gown and shawl on - she never ran away before; I never permitted her to take these things.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer - I have a gown, a shawl, and a pair of shoes, which I took off the prisoner, when she was delivered to my care.


                  EDWARD 
                  COLVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Newgate-street. I have a table-spoon pawned, I believe, by the prisoner on the 19th of June.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
Recommended to Mercy.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
