





192. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, ten sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Applebee
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BENJAMIN APPLEBEE. I keep a chandler's-shop
. On the 5th of January, about ten o'clock at night - (I had been calling on several tradesmen to pay some bills, and was perfectly sober) - I saw the prisoner standing against a door in Gracechurch-street


, and as I passed her she ran against me, as if intoxicated; she caught hold of my arm; I disengaged myself from her, and heard a sovereign rattling in her pocket with some copper - she went away immediately. I felt in my pocket, and missed ten sovereigns out of fifteen. I followed, and never lost sight of her; she crossed the road: I caught hold of her, and said she had robbed me. I took her down the street to a watchman - she put seven sovereigns into my hand, and said,
"Don't hurt me;" I said,
"Justice must be done;" I took the sovereigns in my hand to the watchhouse, and said,
"Before she is searched I will see what I have about me; here are seven - I have five left, and three are missing;" they began to search her; she took out three sovereigns, a shilling, and some halfpence from her pocket - they made up what I had lost.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not take me up Leadenhall-market, and give me as I thought 4 s.? A. It is false. I never spoke to her, nor she to me.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a constable. About a quarter past ten o'clock the watchman and prosecutor (who was sober,) brought the prisoner to the watch-house - he said,
"Thiswoman has robbed me - I have seven sovereigns which she has returned, but I should have fifteen;" he found only five in his pocket, and said she must have the other three - she put her hand into a small pocket in her stays, and gave me three sovereigns, a shilling, and some halfpence. She did not deny having taken it.
Prisoner's Defence. I said I had nothing but what he gave me, and I thought they were shillings. He said if I would send to him by any friend he would not appear against me, as he did not care for his 40 l.
PROSECUTOR. It is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Life
            .
