







725. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            , 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  WAGHORN
               



            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FOWLER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 book, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Batemen
               




            .
THOMAS BATEMAN. I am a bookseller
, and live in Goodge-street, Tottenham-court-road


. I lost a book on the 26th of January, but did not miss it till the officers told me of it; it had been inside my window, among some others, for several weeks; I am not certain when I had seen it, but I know it by the label.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the three prisoners together, in Leather-lane, that Saturday afternoon, about two o'clock; I watched them through several streets, to Gray's Inn-lane, where I met Cadby and Colton - we all followed them for five or six miles, through Camden-town and other places; when they got to Goodge-street, I saw Fowler take this book - the other two were close at his elbow; I told Colton and Cadby, who immediately ran across, and before I crossed they had got the three prisoners into a shop.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I was with Jordan, and followed the prisoners through a number of streets; I saw Fowler take the book, and the other two were close to him; I ran over and took Clark and Fowler into a linen-draper's shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I was following the prisoners - I saw Fowler take the book, and give it to Waghorn, who ran off with it, at the end of Goodge-street - I pursued and took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK'S Defence. I was looking for a situation - I saw Fowler, and asked if he knew whether it had gone five o'clock; before he could speak, the officers came, and pushed us into a shop.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WAGHORN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
FOWLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
