





505. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, one pair of drawers, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Murray
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I live in Bottle-alley, Bishopsgate-street without


. On the 24th of December, I left the prisoner in my bed-room, at a quarter past seven o'clock, when I went to work - he slept in the same room with me. On Sunday night, the 23d of December, I had a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers with a pair of drawers in them, they were all locked up at night in a box; I saw Mrs. 
               Pearce
             the landlady, lock them up. I came home to breakfast, about eight o'clock, the prisoner was there then in the room - I went to work again, right opposite the alley, and Pearce came over to me; I went up stairs, and missed these things. When the prisoner was taken; the officer asked if I knew him, I said that was the very man - he said the small clothes were not mine. The duplicate was found on him.


                  ANN 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I keep two rooms in the house. The patrol brought the prisoner to my door, on the Friday before Christmas-eve; he slept there three nights. Murray's box is small, and my husband locked his things up in my box - the prisoner saw them locked up; he slept in a bed by himself, and went away about nine o'clock in the morning of the robbery, with a bundle which seemed larger a great deal than what he brought with him; he asked me about half-past eight o'clock for a pen, ink, and the number of my house; he then went up stairs for three quarters of an hour, and gave me the key of the room, and said,
"You will be good enough to take in a letter for me on Wednesday, my name is 
               
                  Tom 
                  Jones
               



            ; I shall not return before that, as I am going to Brighton, to see my brother" - he had the bundle under his arm, and wished me good morning; he held the bundle behind him. I ran up stairs found the box broken open, and the clothes gone. Nobody but him could have done it - he never returned.


                  DAVID 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty in Mile-end-road, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, of the 11th of February, and seeing the prisoner come up the road, I asked his business - he gave no satisfactory answer; I thought he answered the description of a man suspected of several robberies; and took him. As I took him to Bow-street, Pearce came and said he had broken open her box, and stolen the clothes - I found a tool on him, which corresponded with the marks on the box. I found the duplicate of the drawers on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wadmore. On the 14th of January, the prisoner pawned two shirts, five handkerchiefs, a pair of drawers, and a pair of stockings.
(Property produced and sworn to).

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the drawers in Oxford-street, seven months ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
