







Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
46. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BAYLIES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     WELSBY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November

, a table cloth value 2 s.; three gowns, value 10 s.; six petticoats, value 6 s.; two shifts, value 2 s.; two veils, value 20 s.; a parasol, value 2 s.; a book, value 2 s.; a comb, value 2 s.; a tippet, value 2 s.; and two shawls, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Harriet 
                           Johnston
                        



                     
                  ; and three coats, value 2 l.; three pair of trowsers, value 1 l.; four shirts, value 10 s.; three cravats, value 2 s.; and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry Coe

               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MUMFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  JOHNSTON
               



            . I live in Berkeley-street, Lambeth



. The prisoners Baylies and Welsby lodged with me, they came on the 30th of October, and stopped three weeks and four days, until the 24th of November, when they left during my absence, without notice. I went out about half-past one o'clock, and returned at six, and they were gone. I missed the articles stated in the indictment - Mr. Coe lodged in the house - my things were in two separate bedrooms. I found most of them at Bow-street next morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  WORMALD
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On Monday morning, about nine o'clock, I was coming up the Strand, and at the end of Hewitt's-court, I saw several people - I saw Coe standing by the side of Mumford. I found his property in the front garret of No. 3. New Round-court, Strand. Baylies and Welsby were in bed there together. Coe asked Baylies for his property, and she produced a great deal of it from under the pillow. They acknowledged that they brought them away - Baylies said they came there the night before.


                  HENRY 
                  COE
               



            . I lodged at Johnston's. Baylies and Welsby also lodged there. I went out to dinner on the 24th, and returned at half-past eight o'clock at night and missed my things. A coachman gave me information, and next morning I went to Hewitt's-court, Strand, to Acker-man's, a pawnbroker, and gave information there. I remained in the court, and in half an hour the pawnbroker came out of the shop with Mumford and my coat, when I gave her in charge. I asked her no questions - I then went to No. 3, New-round-court, and found Baylies and Welsby there in bed. Wormald came almost directly after, and I found the property produced in the room.


                  JOHN 
                  BUGG
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ackerman, pawnbroker. A friend of Coe's gave me information about a quarter to eight o'clock, and in about half an hour Mumford offered a coat in pawn for 1 l. I asked whose it was, she said she brought it from a gentleman. I sent for Coe who claimed it and took her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WORMALD
               



             re-examined. Mumford took me to her lodging of her own accord, No. 3, New Round-court. I asked her no questions.
WELSBY's Defence. I did not take the things. Baylies took them.
MUMFORD'S Defence. They came about ten o'clock at night with two bundles - they said they had left their lodgings and were going out of town in the morning. I let them remain in my place - they asked me to pawn the coat, saying, it belonged to a gentleman of theirs.
BAYLIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WELSBY - GUILTY. Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Welsby 


               recommended to Mercy, and to the Penitentiary
            .
MUMFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
