





1162. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  O'CONNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 2 watches, value 2l.; 1 eye-glass, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 shirt, value 5s., and 3 snuff-boxes, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Walker
               




            .
PATRICK WALKER. I am a bookseller
, and live in Lamb's Conduit-passage


. On Saturday night, the 13th of May, I slept in the same room with the prisoner - it is my own house; he boarded and lodged there for about three weeks; I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock - he was then in bed. I was awoke in the night by hearing him getting up; I asked where he was going - he said down stairs; I went to sleep, and did not awake till the morning, about six o'clock; I then missed the articles stated inthe indictment, which had been in a drawer in the room - I had not seen them for some time, as they were keepsakes - the drawer was not locked. I saw them at Marlborough-street about a week afterwards. The prisoner is no business - he has been at sea.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS CHALDONER
               



            . I live with Mr. Joseph Farrance, in Broad-street, St. Giles'. On the 13th of May the prisoner came to look at some jackets, to which he objected; I then showed him a coat and some waistcoats, and in pulling off his coat to try them on he pulled out two watches and an eye-glass, and asked if we bought such things - I said No; he said he wished us to take his coat and the watches in exchange for the things he wanted; I said the coat was too large for him - he then said it was his father's coat; he left that and the watches, but took away the other articles.


                  RICHARD 
                  CRESSY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Fagan, a salesman. I bought two snuff-boxes of the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday, the 17th of May I heard the prisoner admit to the Magistrate that he had sold a part of the property to a Mr. Parker.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
