





685. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 3 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 8 half-crowns, and 20 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Harrold
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HARROLD. I am a hosier
, and live in Whitechapel


. On the 19th of January, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked to see some silk stockings; I had just tied up a bag containing the coins stated in the indictment - it could be seen from outside the shop, I think - the door was open - I turned round, with the bag in my hand, to get the stockings - he snatched the bag from my hand, and ran out with it - I got out, and just caught sight of him crossing the road; he ran down Red Lion-street, and was stopped near the bottom of that street by a person - I had called Stop thief! and did not lose sight of him; I said, "You rascal, you have robbed me; what have you done with my money?" he said, "I have given it to the man, who I gave my hat to" - he had no hat then, but had when in the shop.
Prisoner. Q. Have you any goods from Romanis? A. At times - my counter is about twenty-four inches wide - the shop is four or five yards wide, I am sure you are the man - it is a very public street, but I never lost sight of you after I got out.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I am a patrol. On this evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! followed down Red Lion-street, and at the bottom I saw the prisoner in custody, and several others - the prosecutor said he had robbed him - I heard the prisoner say he had given the money to the person he gave his hat to.
The prisoner, in a long address to the Court, stated, that this was a base, malicious prosecution, and contended on the utter impossibility of the prosecutor not having lost sight of the offender, considering the crowded state of the streets.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
