






600. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEAUMONT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of January
, 1 washing-tub, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pail, value 9d.; 1 saucepan, value 2d.; 1 frying-pan, value 1d.; 3 coal-measures, value 10s.; 1 broom, value 2d., and 3 live pigs, value 28s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bone
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARY BONE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bone
               



             - we live at Bethnal-green


. On the 22d of January we lost this property; we missed the pigs as soon as we got up - I had seen them safe in the sty the night before, at half-past eleven o'clock; about nine that morning Beaumont came for half a peck of coals - then the measures were all gone; I then looked, and missed the other things- I have found the washing-tub and pail, which were kept in the coal-shed; I have not found the pigs: all the things had been in the shed except the frying-pan - when Beaumont came I said to him, "The measures are gone with the rest;" he said, "It is a bad job - when did it happen?" I made him no answer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BONE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. On the afternoon of the 21st of January, Beaumont and a man named Edwards came for half a peck of coals, and during that time they looked out at the back yard, and said, "You have got three pretty pigs here - what are they worth?" the next morning the pigs were gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  SWATTON
               



            . I live in Artillery-passage. About nine o'clock in the morning of the 22d of January, May came into the shop, and offered me the pail, tub, frying-pan, and saucepan - I looked at them, and May said, "What are you looking at? you don't think I stole them, do you?" I asked where he lived - he said in Union-court, Fashion-street, and his name was 
               
                  Richard 
                  Richards
               



             - he wanted 3s. for the articles, but I gave him 2s.; as he was going out, Beaumont went by and whistled; they went off together.
Prisoner BEAUMONT. Q. Was I not twenty yards from your door? A. No, close to my door.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. I took up May on the 22d of January.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am an officer. I took up Beaumont, at his own door, the same evening.
MAY'S Defence. I was going down Fashion-street, and met a man with the things; he asked me to buy them - I bade him 1s. 6d.; he called me back, and took it: I then went to a broker's in Artillery-passage, and sold them - Beaumont came by while I was selling them; I beckoned to him to stop, which he did, about twenty yards from the place. MAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BEAUMONT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
