






1782. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STRATFORD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Weedon
               




            .
FRANCIS WEEDON. On the 30th of July I was in Goswell-street


, with my wife, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening; she said she felt something at her arm - I felt my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone, which I had used within an hour. I saw two boys go by at the instant, but I cannot identify them - Roe immediately came up, and asked if I had lost any thing; he said, if I would follow him, he thought he could find the persons who had it; we went on; he turned a corner, and took Stevens - I followed him, and took hold of Stratford - I saw Stevens drop my handkerchief from his pocket - I took it up, and put it into my pocket; there were no other persons round at that time.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I was in Goswell-street, and saw the prisoners, with two others, following this gentleman and lady; and saw the gentleman feeling his pocket - I asked if he had lost any thing; he said he had - I went on to Turk's Head-court, and found the two prisoners; the witness caught hold of Stratford - I am quite sure they were with two others whom I had seen altogether just before.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I received the prisoner, at the watch-house, and produce the handkerchief, which I received from Mr. Weedon.(Property produced and sworn to.)
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
STRATFORD - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Recommended to Mercy
             - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
