






954. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GROVE
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ADAMS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 12lbs. weight of lead, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth Christiana 
                        Hyndman
                     




                  , and fixed to a building used and occupied with her dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a plumber and glazier, and live at Brompton. I know Gloucester-lodge


, the house of Mrs. E. C. Hyndman. On the 10th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming from Kensington, and was passing within one hundred yards of Gloucester-lodge - I saw a gentleman and lady before me - from an observation they made, curiousity induced me to look into the hedge, and I there saw some lead; I knew it immediately, because I had been employed at Gloucester-lodge, and put this lead up myself - it is stamped with my name. I took it to the gardener - he said two men had been seen on the premises, and that he could swear to them; I pursued the prisoners, and challenged them. Adams attempted to run away; Grove said he knew nothing at all about it. I took them in charge. I found a trowel on Grove, and a line on Adams - it did not appear that the trowel had been used on the occasion.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I hold a government situation. I was in my garden opposite to the prosecutrix's house, on the 10th of April, between four and five o'clock - I saw Mrs. Evans on the grounds of Gloucester-lodge - she said that there were two men on or about the stables; I went, and saw the two prisoners there - it is an old building, from whence the lead was taken. I saw one of them take something up - I followed them up the lane, and they divided; I went back, and down another lane, where I met Grove. I saw Mrs. Hyndman's gardener, and told him what I had seen. I then saw Mr. Draper, who said he had found some lead in the hedge. There is a field round the premises. I said I had seen two men - they were strangers to me, but I am sure of their persons.


                  ELEANOR 
                  EVANS
               



            . My husband is gardener to this lady. I went out about four o'clock, and saw Grove on the stable - I am sure he is the man. The other man stood near, and was looking up; I saw something handed down, long and flat, but I could not see what it was; Adams picked it up, and went away, into Gloucester-road. I am quite sure these are the two men.


                  PHILIP 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the gardener at Gloucester-lodge. This lead is part of the covering of a sky-light - I had seen it before. We lost lead on the 2d and 8th of April, and have since watched the premises very narrowly - I have sat up with a man for several nights. I swear that this lead was secure, and affixed to the building in the morning.
GROVE'S Defence. I have worked for the Right Hon. 
               
                  George 
                  Canning
               



            , at Gloucester-lodge, formerly, but I have never been on the premises since.
ADAMS' Defence. As I did not like to be taken to the watch-house, for what I knew nothing about I run away.
GROVE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
