






948. THE SAID 
               
                  GILBERT 
                  WILTSHIRE
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  McCOY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 40 bottles, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Man
                     




                  , their master
            .
CHRISTOPHER MAN. The prisoners were both in my employ - McCoy was my foreman
 - it was his duty to assist in loading the van, and he occasionally went out with the carman to deliver bottles. On the 21st of February they both went out with six dozens of quart bottles, to Mr. Stout - they both had access to the stock; McCoy has lived many years with me - it was his duty always to see the van loaded.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. McCoy has been with you some years? A. Yes; Wiltshire might take them without his knowledge; I did not see them loaded: I missed from fifty to one hundred dozens, allowing for breakage.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How many years have you been in the trade? A. Fourteen years; I have no doubt about my losing a great quantity of pint bottles.
COURT. Q. Is it McCoy's duty to superintend the loading of the van? A. It was; we have occasionally carried bottles for customers who were moving, but they would be old ones.


                  JOHN 
                  WORCESTER
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Man. On the 21st of February the van was to go to Brentford, at five o'clock in the morning - it was loaded the day before by the two prisoners; I was not present when they went - they came back together.
Cross-examined. Q. What was to go? A. Six dozens of quarts, but no pints.


                  JAMES 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . On the 21st of February I was at my father's house, at Hammersmith; Wiltshire came between ten and eleven o'clock, and McCoy just after him; Wiltshire asked what price we gave for bottles - I said one shilling a dozen - he went out - he and McCoy brought three dozens and four pint bottles: I said we only gave nine-pence a dozen for pints; I believe I paid Wiltshire - they were both together.
COURT. Q. Were they new bottles? A. Yes, I believe so; we sold them within an hour; I did not ask where they came from.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear they were new? A. No; I sold them for one shilling a dozen, and had to carry them a long way.
MR. MAN. They are worth three shillings and two-pence a dozen; McCoy knew the value of bottles - he knew the price very well.
McCOY's Defence. I never understood I was his foreman; I had no more wages than another man.
WILTSHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.
McCOY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
