






Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
385. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEATLEY
               




             and 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  LOWERBANK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1 coat, value 4l.; 1 snuff-box, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        King
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sibel
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable, and live at Battle-bridge. On the 28th of January, about half-past one o'clock, I saw the two prisoners pass my door; I followed them. Wheatley knocked at Mr. Sibel's door, in Brewer-street, St. Pancras


 - Lowerbank stood about two doors off- I saw the door open; Wheatley went into the passage, brought out this coat, and gave it to Lowerbank, who immediately ran away with it. I followed, and caught him in the Pancras-road, with it under his arm; he had ran about two hundred yards; I left him in a shop, and met Wheatley walking down a street, about 50 yards from Mr. Sibel's, towards where Lowerbank had run. I secured him, and took them both to the office, with the coat; there was a snuff-box and handkerchief in the pocket.


                  SOPHIA 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sibel. Wheatley knocked at the door about two o'clock - I opened it - he told me to go down stairs for 2d., which we owed him, for fetching water; I went down, leaving him on the threshold of the door; Mrs. Sibel told me to tell him to call on Monday - I came up, told him so, and he went away. - Some great coats hung in the passage; I did not miss them, as I did not look at them.


                  ROBERT 
                  KING
               



            . I lodge at Mr. John Sibel's. My great coat hung in the passage at half-past one o'clock, with the snuff-box and handkerchief in the pocket - I missed it at half-past six, when I wanted to put it on. It cost me 4l. six weeks ago.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WHEATLEY'S Defence. I had eat nothing but a 2d. loaf all day.
WHEATLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LOWERBANK - GUILTY. Aged 14.




               Judgment Respited
            




.
Of stealing to the value of 39s. only.
