





23. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WAGER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, six dead ducks, value 8s., and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wells
               




            .


                  FRANCES 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Wells. I buy and sell fish and poultry. On the 9th of November, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I placed six dead ducks on the forms in Billingsgate-market


, wrapped in a woollen apron - I left them there, and asked Roach to mind them - I returned in about twenty minutes, and they were gone, apron and all - I had not seen the prisoner near them; they cost me 8s. - I have not seen them since - I think I have some knowledge of the prisoner about the market.


                  BRIDGET 
                  ROACH
               



            . I attend Billingsgate. My husband is a porter. On the 9th of November I saw Mrs. Wells with a bundle, tied in a blue apron - I did not know what was in it; she asked me to take care of it; it was left on a board behind my seat - I did not see any thing done with it - I missed it about a minute before she returned - I have not seen it since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOWER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bartlett, who is employed in the market. On the 9th of November I saw the prisoner sitting at the watermen's plying-place - Roach's stall is near there - I saw a bundle near her stall, and called out to ask whose it was, three times - I did not see Roach near; the prisoner said, "Don't knock them about, they are mine" - I have known him some time, as working in the market, and am sure he is the person - I said, "Take it away - I want to put master's board away," and he took it away - I saw there was poultry in it, but cannot say what; a small part of the bundle was opened - Mr. Goldham brought him to master's stand on the 13th, and I said he was the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  TEASDALE
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Goldham gave the prisoner into my custody, for stealing six ducks; he denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a sailor's chest to carry to the Pelican-stairs, for 1s. 9d., and was not near Billingsgate.
JURY to ROACH. Q. Had you quitted your stall before you missed the bundle? A. No - I did not hear theman ask whose it was; the market was all in an uproar; the Lord Mayor had just taken water.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
