





925. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 1 piece of muslin, value 1d.; 28 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Carter
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
JAMES CARTER. I am a pig-jobber
. I was in Smithfield on Monday last, and had about 29l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns in my pocket; I met the prisoner about nine o'clock, she asked me for drink - I said I was going to the George public-house, and took her there; I have known her some years; I then went with her to No. 8, West-street


; I paid a woman 6d. for the room; that was not with the gold - she sat down; I took my purse out of my pocket, and put it into my hat, which was on the table; she jumped up, snatched my money out of the hat, and got clear off - I pursued, but she got clear off. I found her next morning at Bow-street. I was quite-sober - we had had some gin and bitters. Henley had been with me.


                  JAMES 
                  HENLEY
               



            . I had been with Carter, and saw him in West-street with the prisoner, about a quarter-past eight o'clock at night - we all went to the George public-house, had two quarterns of gin and bitters, and two pints of beer; he went out with her, returned in twenty minutes, and said she had robbed him of all his money; I went to Bow-street next morning, and saw her - I am certain of her person - he had told me the evening before, that he had so much money to make up, but I did not see it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a watchman. About ten o'clock on Monday evening I apprehended the prisoner in Pickett-street, Temple-bar, on another charge - I found twenty-five sovereigns and two half-sovereigns, in a small piece of dirty muslin, in her stocking; she said she had it from her bl - y old uncle, and could get forty more if she wanted it - she afterwards said she had sold her mother's clothes, who was dead, and got that money for them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I saw her and another woman passing something under the table - she was searched, and the money found.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty in Pickett-street - the prisoner and another woman were taken on another charge; I saw her put something into her stocking, and this money was found on the top of her knee.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor - he pulled me about, and asked what I had in my bosom; I said some money, which I had to buy some things for Mr. Ross, who was going abroad.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
