





1925. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 10 shirts, value 40s.; 19 shirt collars, value 15s.; 1 basket, value 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Thornhill
                     



                  , widow
, from the person of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Baillie
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  TRORNHILL
               



            . I am a sempstress
. On the 5th of October I sent the property stated in the indictment by 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Baillie
               



            , from where I live, in Jubilee-place, Commercial-road, to Cornhill, about ten o'clock in the morning; he returned about eleven, and said they were taken from him - I have never seen it since; there were six day shirts, four night shirts, a collar, and some other things, in a basket.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAILLIE
               



            . I am ten years old. I was sent with these things in a basket; before I got as far as Bedford-square, Commercial-road


, I met the prisoner, who was carrying two gallon jars in his hand: he asked me where I was going - I said into the City; I did not know him before - he said, "Wait a moment, and I will go with you; I am going that way:" he asked me to mind one of his jars while he went with the other into the Canning's Head - he came back, and said, "My brother is a long time coming;" in a few minutes the boy he called his brother made his appearance, running towards us - he asked him where he had been so long; he said round the corner - the prisoner then asked me to go and get a halfpenny worth of acidulated drops, and to put down my bundle on a step - Iwent to get them, and kept looking back till I got to the shop; the prisoner was then sitting still, but when I came out he was gone, with the bundle; I went to the Canning's Head, and told them; they sent for the officer, and the prisoner was taken on the Thursday following. I am perfectly certain of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  STIMSON
               



            . I am an officer. I found this witness at the Canning's Head; he gave the same account he does now, and described the prisoner - I went and took him in Horse Shoe-alley, Moorfields, on the Thursday; I put him with three or four others, and kept Baillie back; when he came in he said directly, "That is the boy;" I asked the prisoner, when I took him, if he had been out with any oil of tartar on Monday - he said No: I said, "Were not you at the Canning's Head?" he said Yes - I said, "Did not you give a boy a halfpenny to go for some drops?" he said, "Yes, but I did not take away the bundle;" he had a fustian jacket and a cap on, just as Baillie described.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not say any such thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
