







843. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  HILL
               




            , 
               
                  MARY 
                  WATSON
               




            , and 
               
                  ANN 
                  M'KENZIE
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, twelve yards of printed cotton, value 16 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Johnson
               




            .
ISAAC JOHNSON. I am a linen-draper
, and live in the Minories


. On the 21st of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day-time, the prisoners came to the shop in company together, and asked to look at some printed cottons; the first four or five pieces which I shewed them, they would not allow me to open; saying they were not the description of print they wanted; I shewed them others, which I opened over the first; they bought a yard and a half, which Watson paid 2 s. 3 d. for; they all took part in the purchase; they then asked to look at some others, which I shewed them; they did not fix on any - Hill pointed to some on the shelves behind, and said they were more of the sort they wanted; I turned round, stepping a little back, so as to have my eye on them, and saw Watson and M'Kenzie endeavouring to get something from under the prints which were open; I shewed them several others - they at last bought fourteen yards; but, before that, Hill again pointed to the shelves, and I saw the other two endeavouring to conceal something under their clothes; after buying fourteen yards, they wished to see some more for aprons, and bought a small quantity; they then asked for stockings, which I left them to get; they then asked for Irish - I left them, to get it, and observed them again endeavouring to conceal something under their clothes. Watson handed Hill a 5 l. note to pay me; I had to take 34 s.; I asked theaddress to put on the note - Hill said,
"
               
                  Caroline 
                  Brown
               



            , Spital-square;" I put every thing out of their way, and then asked them to shew me what they had taken, and not paid for; they all denied having anything which was not paid for; they were altogether in the middle of the shop; I said, I was certain they had something - and Watson dropped behind her a length of printed cotton - I immediately took it up, and charged her with taking it; the rest said, they wondered how she could think of making such a mistake as to take what was not paid for. I fetched an officer, who took them; they were then all three in the middle of the shop, and Hill threw from her about three yards and a half of print behind her - I took it up and charged her with it; she said,
"You thought I threw it away, but you don't know that I did."


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer and took them in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WATSON'S Defence. I was intoxicated; the print must have fallen off the counter.
M'KENZIE'S Defence. I did not know they intended to take any thing.
HILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
M'KENZIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
