






707. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     SQUINCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March

, one coat, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dixon
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Dixon
               



            , who lives at Dalston



. On Sunday evening the 3d of March, about seven o'clock, Squince came and said he had brought some oranges which had been ordered by my master; I said I was sure they were not ordered - he had something in a handkerchief. He said they were ordered; I went up to enquire leaving him alone in the passage where the coat hung - when I came down I missed it, and him; he was found in Spitalfields that evening. I am sure he is the boy.


                  JOHN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I live at Dalston. My servant informed me the coat was gone. The prisoner was taken that evening. I saw the coat on Wednesday, and knew it, it was a box coat. I had ordered no oranges.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a watchman of Spitalfields. On Sunday night the 3d of March, about a quarter to eleven o'clock, I took Carter in Bell-lane, with this coat tied up in a shawl. She said she picked it up at the corner of Bell-lane. Directly as I took her, Squince, (who was just before her ran away); they did not appear to know each other. As I returned I found him in South-street, and directly I made towards him; he ran off, and was stopped. He said he lived in Webb-square.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a private watchman. I heard the alarm, and stopped Squince.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SQUINCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CARTER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
