





1455. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, and 5 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        Henessey
                     



                  , from the person of Johanna, his wife
            .


                     JOHANNA 
                     HENESSEY
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Henessey
               



            . On the 5th of July I was going to the chapel in Duke-street


, to the eight o'clock prayers - it was pretty well crowded; I had a bag in my pocket, and I felt the prisoner bruising me very much at the side of the pocket, but I did not feel him take any thing from me; I saw him go to a woman who was near me and feel her pocket - she looked very sharp at him, and said he was a pickpocket; he then went to another woman and robbed her; then he came and put his hand into my pocket; a woman said to me, in his hearing, "If you had any money, you are robbed;" he was close to me, and I took hold of him on my right side - he was taken to the door and searched by the beadle; my bag was found in his hand, and my money in his waistcoat pocket.


                  MARGARET 
                  JOYCE
               



            . I was at the chapel - I saw the prisoner and the prosecutrix; I saw him put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket, and then into his own - I told her she was robbed; I saw him searched, and the bag and money found; he held his hat over the people's shoulders with his right hand, and with his left hand he took it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  RUBLE
               



            . I am beadle of the chapel. The prosecutrix called me, and I searched the prisoner - I found this purse and 1l. 19s. in money on him.
The prisoner put in a written defence stating, that he had made some observation on the subject of Catholic emancipation to a bystander, and that the purse must have been put into his pocket for the purpose of revenge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
