





1489. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 37 pairs of shoes, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Dupen
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE DUPEN. I am a shoe-maker
, and live in Ratcliff-highway


 - the prisoner worked for me. On the 25th of June my foreman called me out of the parlour; I found the prisoner in the shop, and charged him with stealing a pair of shoes, which he denied; I put my hand into his pocket, and found this pair; he then said, "I have, I know;" he pulled them out, put them into a chair, and said, "For God's sake forgive me;" I said, "I cannot, I think you have taken more;" he said if I would go with him he would tell me - and as we went along he said,"I will tell you how it was - I have lost 20l. at dog-fighting, and that is why I took the shoes;" I gave him in charge; I have found thirty-seven pairs of shoes in all, which have been taken at different times.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you swear that this pair were in his pocket? A. I do.


                  HORATIO 
                  DUBERLIN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dupen. On the 25th of June the prisoner brought some work to me; I saw him put his hand into a glass frame behind him, and put a pair of shoes into his pocket; I called my master - he denied it at first, but afterwards said it was only the second time.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge; he said he had lost a great deal of money with dog-fighting; I went to his lodgings, and found duplicates of a quantity of shoes, which the pawnbrokers have given up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought a good many of them; I meant to have restored them as soon as I could.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
