





1403. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WHITTALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, 150lbs. of lead, value 50s., belonging to 
                     
                        James 
                        Grundy
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
JAMES GRUNDY. I live in the East India-road, and am a builder
; I built two house in Grundy-street, All Saints, Poplar


. On the 3d of June I received information, and found the lead was gone from the front of both houses - it had been fixed; I went round the brick-field with a person, and met Haggart, who gave me information; I found part of the lead in a ditch at the bottom of a garden. I received information, sent for an officer, and went in pursuit of five men; when I got to Bow common Lee, who lives on the common, sent for me into his house - he gave me information. I went over the bridge to Mile-end-road, and when I came within a hundred yards of Twig-folly-bridge I found two pieces of the lead, tied in a handkerchief, laying in a field, and one piece in a kind of apron; I gave it to Haggart, and went to Twig-folly-bridge, where some more lead was taken out of the water - I compared it with my house, and it fitted - it is worth 3l.; there was 184lbs. taken from one house, and 150lbs. from the other. I found the prisoner in custody the next day.
Cross-examined by MR. MITCHELL. Q. Had you any mark on the lead? A. No, but it had been screwed to the house, and the screws soldered over; the holes corresponded.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Sunday morning, the 3d of June, I went with Grundy to Bow-common, to Mile-end, and then to Twig-folly-bridge - I saw the prisoner standing there, with a bundle on his shoulder - I knew him before; another man was with him, whom I do not know; the prisoner threw his bundle down between Mile-end and Twig-folly-bridge; he had a waistcoat on, with sleeves; they both ran away - I left Grundy and pursued; I lost sight of the bundle in following another man, but I left Grundy standing by it - when it was opened it contained lead, which I saw applied to the building, and it exactly fitted - I did not take the prisoner myself. The lead in that bundle weighed about 40lbs.
Cross-examined. Q. There was water near the place? A. Yes; he could have thrown it into the water if he had carried it further. I heard a fortnight after he was taken, that the parish had offered a reward; and I said "If so, I had as much right to part of it as any body." I cannot say that the bundle is the same that the prisoner threw away.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ELMERS
               



            . I am a labourer to Mr. Grundy. I was with him and Cole, and saw the prisoner throw the bundle off his shoulder - I ran after him; another man in a fustian coat was with him; I saw a man throw another bundle into the water - he was running before the prisoner; the bundle contained 40lbs. or 50lbs. of lead. I saw it fitted to Grundy's house, it matched exactly.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see it thrown away? A. Yes; but I could not identify it - the lead was fixed in front of the house; I have heard nothing about a reward.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



            . I live at Poplar, and am a sawyer. I met the prisoner going toward Mile-end-road, with a heavy bundle on his shoulder; it was in something like this handkerchief - three or four others were with him, one of them had a bundle.


                  HENRY 
                  WORKMAN
               



            . I am headborough. I went in pursuit, and saw two or three men apparently resting - when there was a cry of Stop thief! they ran; I saw two run over the bridge and one under - whether any more ran I cannot say.
Cross-examined. Q. When did the parish offer a reward for this? A. They have offered no reward for this - there is a board up offering a reward about murder, burglaries, and such things.


                  HENRY 
                  COLE
               



            . I was with my father and saw the prisoner, between Mile-end and Twig-folly-bridge, with a bundle on his shoulder - I saw him throw it down; I knew him before, and am certain he is the man. I only saw two men.


                  JAMES 
                  HAGGERT
               



            . I am a rounder of Poplar parish. I went with Grundy, and found two pieces of lead in a dry ditch - I took it home; it fitted the house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - if I had been guilty I should not have gone, and laid down within a hundred yards of the house; I made no resistance.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
