





722. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     USHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Kearsley 
                           Dawson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  KEARSLEY DAWSON
               



            . I am an ink-manufacturer
, and live in Earl-street, Red Lion-square. On the 3d of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was returning home, and had my handkerchief in my pocket ten minutes before this happened - I did not perceive it taken, but near Gray's Inn-lane


 a person came up and told me it was gone; I then felt, and missed it - I saw the prisoner taken by an officer; it has not been found: he had three persons in his company - two of them ran west; he and another ran down Holborn-hill.


                  JAMES 
                  AYLING
               



            . I am a turner, and work for my father. I was in Holborn, and saw the prisoner and two or three others walking very close to the prosecutor; the prisoner was arm-in-arm with the one who took the handkerchief - I was not above three yards off, by their side, walking in the gutter; when it was taken I informed Mr. Dawson, and said I would show him the person who took it; they had turned back towards Gray's Inn-lane - it was taken about twenty yards above Gray's Inn-lane: when I overtook them they were between Gray's Inn-lane and Brooke-street, all four standing together - they staid there till they heard us inquiring for an officer, then two went one way and two the other; the prisoner and the man went took it went towards Field-lane - he was secured before I lost sight of him: the others got quite away; I should know them again if they were dressed as they were then.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am street-keeper of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I heard the prosecutor say he had been robbed - the prisoner was pointed out; I crossed, and laid hold of him about the end of Leather-lane - he was then alone; he said he was innocent: I searched him, but found nothing on him. The City bounds are about two houses on this side of Gray's Inn-lane - this was done in Middlesex.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from a friend's house in Gray's Inn-lane, into Holborn, and seeing a young man I knew, I spoke to him, and walked by the side of him to Brooke-street: a gentleman came and said he had got a handkerchief - I walked on, and by Leather-lane the beadle took me.




               GUILTY (of stealing, but not from the person
            .) Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
