





654. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Hilliar 
                        Pelafinet
                     




                  , about eight o'clock in the night of the 14th of May
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, one handkerchief, value 1 s., and 18 s. in monies numbered, his property
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN PELAFINET
               



            . I am the wife of Hilliar Pelafinet. We live in Providence-street, City-road


. On Friday, the 14th of May, I went up stairs. The door was fastened by a spring-latch. The window was down, but not fastened. About eight o'clock in the evening (I had left the parlour about ten minutes), I heard a loud knocking at the door - it might be daylight in the street. I came down, and the people said there was a thief in the house. I perceived the prisoner in the parlour, and he was secured. I found a handkerchief hanging over the cupboard-door, and missed about 18 s. off the mantle-piece. I had left the handkerchief on a chair.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHILDMAID
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker. On Sunday, the 14th of May, about a quarter past eight o'clock, I was informed a man had been seen lurking about. I live opposite the prosecutrix, and saw her window open; the man then moved a step or two from the window. I asked who was there; I received no answer. A man passed by, and whistled twice. I then suspected he had accomplices inside. I shut the window, closed the shutters, and then knocked at the door. I found the prisoner in the parlour, and he was secured. The man outside walked off. There might be light enough to distinguish a man's features.


                  JAMES 
                  BANKS ARABIN
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner. I found nothing on him. I found the box, which had contained the money, laying in the ashes.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw two boys lurking about, and watched them. They took my hat off, threw it into the window, and I got in after it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
