






1600. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of July
, 5 half-crowns, and 4 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Tucker
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WORDSWORTH
               



            . I am shopman to Francis Tucker, a tallow-chandler
, of South Molton-street


. I suspected the prisoner, who was in his employ - when I returned from breakfast on the 21st of July, I ordered the other man out, and marked 12s. with a cross; I went down stairs, and ordered the prisoner up to the shop to call me if any thing was wanted - I staid about ten minutes, then came up, and sent him down; I missed 3s. out of the till: I waited till Mr. Tucker came from Kensington, and told him of it - he wished to have some farther confirmation, and told me to mark some more money; I then marked five half-crowns and four shillings, with a W. - I stationed myself at the back of the shop, and saw the prisoner come through a private door, open the till, and then go down again; I then missed four half-crowns and two shillings: my master desired me to go for an officer, who searched him, and found four half-crowns and two shillings of that silver, and the three shillings which he took in the morning - this is the silver; it has the marks which I put on it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long has he been in your service? A. About nine months; he was frequently sent to the banker's with money - he was a melter
; there was no other person on the premises but the female servant, who was below; there was 5l. 1s. 6d. found on him besides, which he said was his own money; that was not marked; he had in a Saving-bank about 11l., which he said he had saved when at sea - he had a good character; I went for the officer immediately after I missed the half-crowns, leaving the prisoner below - I swear there had been no other person in the shop from the time I put the half-crowns in the till; no quarrel had ever taken place between him and me - he had conducted himself very well, except staying on his errands, or so.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MANN
               



            . I was sent for, and searched the prisoner - I found the money, part in his trousers, and part in his left-hand coat pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. He said he had saved it when he was at sea? A. Yes, but that was not the money found on his person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
