





532. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WAITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 1 canvas bag, value 6d.; 21 lbs. of tea, value 8l.; 7 lbs. of black pepper, value 10s. 6d.; 2 lbs. of nutmegs, value 16s.; 1 wooden tub, value 6d., and 63 lbs. of butter, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        Nicholas 
                        Brown
                     



                   and another, his masters
            .

MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                     URIAH 
                     GREEN
                  



               
            . I am book-keeper to Nicholas Brown and Algernon Wallington, proprietors of the Castle and Falcon inn, Aldersgate-street





. The prisoner was their warehouseman
. On Tuesday, the 15th of January, I received two chests and a bag, directed to "J. Wapple, Isle of Wight;" the prisoner weighed them, for the purpose of loading them in the Portsmouth waggon. On the Sunday I received information, from Portsmouth, that the bag had not arrived - I found the bag, on Sunday, at the house of Mr. Williams, two doors from the inn - it was then packed in a basket. On Wednesday, the 16th of January, a firkin of butter arrived from the West of England, and that was found at Williams'.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was one White employed in your yard? A. There is a man named White. The prisoner occasionally received flats of butter from his friends in the country - I understand his friends are respectable. I once lent him 2l.


                  THEODOSIUS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I keep the New Post-office coffee-house, St. Martin's-le-grand. I have known the prisoner some months, as using my lower room. I knew he was servant at the Castle and Falcon; he called on me on Saturday, the 19th of January, and asked if I would purchase a tub of Dorset butter, and as the guards of coaches, occasionally bring up such things, I said I had no objection; he said he would send it in - it was sent in the evening, and being in a basket with straw over it, it excited my suspicion. I sent to the principal clerk in the yard, and found they missed a tub - I gave it up, and that led to further enquiry about a flat which my servant will speak about.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you ever bought butter of him before? A. I bought a flat of him, but do not recollect buying more; I will not swear I have not. I never heard any thing about that flat afterward- I only know him as a customer at my house.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am clerk to Joseph North of Great Portland-street. On Monday, I was informed a tub of butter had been offered for sale to William's - I went to Williams, and in the room below, I saw the tub in question, which I identified as being consigned to Mr. North from Dorset - I had not seen it before; but the brand mark corresponded with the invoice which I have here; it came by post - I know it to be the writing of the person who sent it; I have corresponded with him, and acted upon his letters.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you answer letters? A. No; my employer - he is a Quaker.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am waiter to Mr. Williams. I only know that a flat, containing ginger, tea, pepper, and nutmegs, was brought to our house by Whorrod - I did not know the contents till it was at Guildhall - the prisoner breakfasted at our house - I saw a tub of butter there, but do not know who brought it. When the prisoner came to breakfast, he said, "Has a parcel been left here for me?" I said, Yes; and fetched this flat to him. He said, "It is all right - I will call for it by and by." I took it to where I had fetched it from, and saw the same flat produced at Guildhall in five or six days; and then saw the contents.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say the prisoner saw it? A. He looked at it, and said, it was all right.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where was it in your house? A. In a cup-board where we keep our bread; nobody called about it afterward, that I know of - it was brought on Wednesday the 16th; it was tied up. I saw it daily till Saturday in the same state; but do not recollect seeing it after that - I believe there was a card on it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am warehouseman to Watson and Co. of Budge-row. I packed up in a bag 14 lbs. of ginger; 7 lbs. of hyson tea; 7 lbs. of pepper, and 2 lbs. of nutmegs, and sent them to the Castle and Falcon on the 15th of Jauary, directed to Newport, Isle of Wight - the articles are worth 9l. 7s. I saw it again at Guildhall; the direction card was then taken off, and the goods were out of the bag.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalman. On the the 19th of January, I was fetched to the Castle and Falcon; the prisoner was given into my charge, with Whorrod, for felony. Whorrod said he did take the flat to Williams, and also a tub of butter at Waite's request; and Waite said he did tell him to take them there; but did not mean any harm, that he had borrowed 17s. from another clerk in the yard, and left it in pledge with Williams, for money he had borrowed to pay him.
URIAH GREEN re-examined. The prisoner had no authority to take any thing away.
Prisoner's Defence. I weighed the bag of tea, and two chests, and assisted in loading the waggon. I left the waggon in the yard when I went home. I did not know of the arrival of the tub of butter.
JOHN COOK re-examined. The flat I saw at Guildhall is the same as I shewed the prisoner, and which he said was all right. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
