





1130. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TIMMINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, one handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cobb
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COBB
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman
. On the 11th of June my coach was on the stand at Battle-bridge


; I put my hat and handkerchief in front of the coach, on the board; I was cleaning my harness - I missed my hat and handkerchief. Spearing stood there with peas on a donkey, with two or three more; I went and asked if they had my hat and handkerchief; they said No. I found my hat in the sack under the peas, but have not found my handkerchief.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SPEARING
               



            . I was at Battle-bridge, and saw Cobb. I had a donkey, and some peas were in my sack; I sent my boy for a measure, and as I stood in the road, the prisoner took a hat and handkerchief from the coach - I did not see him take it, but saw him put a silk handkerchief in his flap. Cobb asked if I knew about it; I said No. I opened my sack, and there was the hat. It must have been put there while I was away. I was taken, and the prisoner immediately ran away. I knew him before by sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I was sent for, and followed the prisoner along different streets - I took him half a mile from the place, but found no handkerchief on him.
Prisoner's Defence. Spearing said, " There is a hat on the coach." Somebody called me, and I went away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
