






2115. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 2 plates, value 4d.; 1 butter-ewer, value 6d., and 1 creampot, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Sullivan
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Palace Court, Kensington. I met the two prisoners about ten yards from Mrs. Sullivan's house on the 26th of September, about half-past five o'clock in the morning; I went to work in Pembroke-square


, and saw Vickery get down the prosecutor's area - Payne sat on the step of the door; I was working in the opposite house, and saw Vickery come up again with something in a bag, which he went and concealed among the shrubs in the square; Vickery then went to the back of the buildings, and Payne staid in the square; I went and got the bag, and asked Payne if it belonged to him; he said it belonged to his partner: I then saw Vickery come, and asked him if it belonged to him; he denied it; my employer then came up - I told him; he sent for the watchman - I gave the bag to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am constable of Pimlico. I produce the bag, the plates, the milk-pot and butter-dish.
PHOEBE SULLIVAN. This property is all mine - it wastaken from the safe in my area; I was not up at the time, but I missed it when I was told of it.
VICKERY's Defence. I was going to look for work: going along Pembroke-square, the witness stopped me, and said I had been down an area, which I had not.
PAYNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
VICKERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
