





945. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 1 goat, price 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Randall Edward 
                     Brewin
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a bird-fancier. This goat was on Mr. Chapman's premises, at the back of Barnsbury-park. Islington


, on the 11th of April; there is a bank round the field; the prisoner ran, took a strap from his pocket, and led the goat away - he took it into Maiden-lane, and the officer took him; I had not known him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BERNARD
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner leading the goat along; I asked him where he was going; he said, home; I asked him where that was; he said somewhere about Holborn; I took the goat to the officer, and gave information.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOOBER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Randall 
                  Edward Brewin
               



            . The officer showed me a goat, which I knew was my master's - I know nothing of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I went after a situation at a varnish-maker's, in Liverpool-road; I was to go on Saturday for an answer - I thought I would go and cut two turfs; a man in the field asked who the goat belonged to; some men said they did not know; he then asked me if I would earn sixpence or a shilling, and take the goat with him - he called the goat, and it came; he took hold of it, put a string round it, and told me to lead it - he walked on, and went away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
