





528. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, a shift, value 18 d.; two shifts, value 6 d.; four pillow-cases, value 1 s.; two petticoats, value 2 s.; five pincloths, value 1 s.; a shawl, value 6 s.; a handkerchief, value 6 d.; a towel, value 3 d.; an apron, value 3 d.; a frock, value 9 d.; a bed-gown, value 3 s.; and a bag, value 3 d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Lomas
               




            .
NATHAN LOMAS. I live in Johnson-street, Sun Tavernfields


, and am a dustman
. I lost the articles in question from my house, on Saturday the 29th of January.


                  ANN 
                  LOMAS
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. These articles were in two drawers, in the parlour, which were not locked. I saw them safe about six or seven o'clock in the evening; I then went out. We have no lodgers, except a young man, who went out with us. The prisoneris quite a stranger. I came home about a quarter past nine, and the articles were gone. I had been with my husband to a public-house, where we have to pay the men their money. I left my house locked, and no person in it. I and the young man were the persons who first returned; we found the doors all open. I did not notice that the things were gone for some time. I went back immediately to my husband, to inform him of it. We then examined the premises, and missed the articles from the drawers; I saw them on Sunday evening, at the watch-house; the prisoner was then in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a watchman of Shadwell: my beat is about sixty yards from Lomas's house. On Saturday night, about ten minutes after nine o'clock, I stopped the prisoner as I was going on duty; he was coming from Lomas's house, with this bundle under his arm. I asked what he had got there; he said, clean things, which he had brought from his father's. I took him to the watch-house, and then asked him what the bundle contained; he could not tell me. I found it was women's and children's clothes. I asked again where he got it, and he said, he picked it up at the wooden bridge, which is near Lomas's. I searched him, and found this key upon him. I saw Lomas on the evening following. he claimed the things. The key was tried to his door, but it was too large.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBERTS. Q. Did not he tell you, it was a bundle he found? A. No; he did not.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I told him, I was going to my father's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
