





969. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 1 shirt, value 6s.; 1 dickey, value 6s., and 1 gown, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Lewis 
                        Bathgate
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Bathgate
                     



.
JANE BATHGATE. I am twelve years old, and live with the prosecutor. On the 21st of April, at a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening, I met with the prisoner at the corner of Marsham-street, Westminster


; my mother lives at No. 2, King-street - she gave me a bundle to carry, and I had a little child with me as well - the prisoner went before me and looked me in the face - he then walked behind me, and by my side; the child had the bundle - he took it away from her, and ran away with it; I put down the child and ran after him - he was taken, and I got the bundle again; it contained a shirt, a night shirt, and a white gown; I knew him to be the same person when he was brought back.


                  MARY 
                  BATHGATE
               



            . I am the wife of John Lewis Bathgate. On the 21st of April I gave the bundle to the last witness to take to my sister's, to have the things ironed - she lives in Wilkes'-street - she took two of my children with her - the property produced is mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am a stationer. I heard a cry of Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner running with a bundle under his arm; I pursued him until I saw him throw down the bundle, which another person picked up - the bundle produced is the same.


                  ROBERT 
                  GREENHILL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to me, and I took charge of the bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
