





1306. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FLACK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, thirty-three yards of linen, value 55 s.; six yards of woollen cloth, value 3 l.; two yards of kerseymere, value 12 s.; a piece of nankeen, value 4 s.; two yards of shalloon, value 3 s.; six handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; four pairs of stockings, value 6 s.; four yards of stuff, value 4 s.; three frills, value 2 s.; two pairs of gloves, value 2 s.; a yard of jean, value 1 s.; two yards of dimity, value 2 s.; six yards of lace, value 8 s.; thirteen papers of needles, value 2 s.; nine yards of binding, value 1 s.; eleven yards of muslin, value 17 s.; four yards of gingham, value 3 s., and six yards of plaid, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Railton
                  




               
            , his master
.
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RAILTON
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Paradise-street, Chelsea


. The prisoner had lived servant
 with me from the 16th of March. On Saturday, the 31st of July I went out of town, and came back on Monday, the 2d of August. He stated he was single, and had lived with a Mr. White. These goods are mine; they had been part of my stock - I cannot say whether they had been up stairs or not; they have my shop mark on them: I always mark the goods myself.


                  ELIZA 
                  MURRELL
               



            . I live with Mr. Railton. On Sunday morning, the 1st of August the prisoner asked me to go up stairs and fetch his box; I asked him why he could not bring it himself; he said it would dirty him, and desired me not make a noise in doing it - he said it had his clothes in it. I went up and brought it two-thirds of the way down the garret stairs; he then took it of me, and asked me to go and get the key of the door from Miss Railton - I told him to go himself, and heard him ask Miss Railton for it, but I do not know whether he got it or not. I have seen him use a handkerchief like one produced; it has no mark on it.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. What sort of a box was it - A. It was a blue paper cap box - the rope that was tied round it broke it.


                  MARY 
                  ANN RAILTON
               



            . I was in my brother's house on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock; the prisoner asked me for the key, and said he would let himself out, he had a large paper box with him, I went to let him out, and asked him if he was going to take those things away, he said
"What do you say?" my sister said,
"If you are, you must let us see them," he said,
"It is of no consequence;" the box was cracking with the weight of what was in it, he then took it up stairs, and said he would leave it till Mr. Railton came home, he was gone up stairs; our warehouse is up stairs. I called one of my brothers to see what he was about, my brother called him, I heard him call, and the prisoner said,
"I shall be a quarter of an hour," we sent for an officer, (Humphreys.) I did not go up withhim, but after he had searched, I saw the prisoner again, my sister, my brother, and Humphreys were then present - I saw no bundle there, but when I came down again I saw one tied up in this handkerchief, and a cord round it; it had been thrown out of window. I saw it opened, and examined the goods; they were my brother's - the prisoner did not say how they came there. There was some money which he said was his, and the other things he did not wish to see; the handkerchief was a little wet, but not the goods - it had been a rainy morning, and if they had been there long the goods must have been more wet.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Which of your brothers was it that went up stairs - A. My younger brother; he went up soon after the prisoner.


                  CATHERINE 
                  RAILTON
               



            . I did not go up to the prisoner's room, but as I was passing the stair-case window, I saw the bundle thrown down, when the prisoner came down, it was lying open before him, and I heard Mr. Humphreys say,
"There is some money," the prisoner said
"That is mine." The officer cut the strings of the bundle. The prisoner said
"Oh! Miss Railton do something for me, or I shall die."


                  ISAAC 
                  RAILTON
               



            . I saw the box when it was coming down stairs, and when I afterwards went up I saw it in the prisoner's room; there was then only a coat and a pair of trowsers in it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and went up to the room. I saw the prisoner there, and told him I was sent for on suspicion of something being in his boxes; there were two boxes, one was a paper box with a pair of trowsers and a jacket in it. I looked out of the window, and saw the bundle tied up with a rope, on the leads of the next house. I sent the young gentleman to throw it down; when it was opened Miss Railton saw the goods, and claimed them as her brothers. The prisoner said there was 2 l. 10 s. in it, and I said
"You had better take it out for you know where it is;" it had been a very wet night, and it was evident that it could not have been there long - these things were in the bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  STEERS
               



            . I am a neighbour, and was called in by the young ladies. I heard the prisoner say the money was his own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
