





314. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Behenna
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEHENNA
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, and live in Riding-house-lane, Mary-le-bone. On the 18th of December, as the watchman was calling one o'clock, I was in St. Martin's-court, and met the prisoner; I had been out with a few friends; she accosted me, and asked me for drink; I gave her some gin - she was a stranger: I walked a little way with her; she put her arm round me, put her hand into my right hand trousers pocket, and said, "I will see whether you have got any money or no;" I had said nothing to her about money - I had a half-sovereign and a shilling in my pocket then; I immediately called the watchman - she stood there; the watchman came over: I said she had robbed me of a half-sovereign and a shilling; she said she had no money at all, but it was found on her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFERSON CARR
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - she denied having any money; I took her into a room,and searched her - she took off her bonnet and shawl, and then said she had 2s. about her; she took out of her bosom this half-sovereign, two shillings, a sixpence, and a small book.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWARTH
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor called me: I took the prisoner to the watch-house: the prosecutor said he could swear he had half a sovereign and one shilling, if not two. The prisoner said she had no money; but a little while after she said she had two shillings. The money was found on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I have lived with Lady Hawley; a gentleman spoke to me; I told him I knew him by living near Sir H. Hawley's country house: he gave me a sovereign - the prosecutor was tipsy; I had several shillings left.
PROSECUTOR. I was not tipsy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
