





1469. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PICKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of June
, 1 silver watch, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Maher
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM MAHER. I am a gardener
, and work at Mr. Ellis', Pine-apple-place, Edgware-road. On the 23d of June, about twelve o'clock at night, I was in Holborn


 - I had been with a friend, and had part of three pints of beer - but I think I was sober; I was walking along with a female, whom I met at the door of a public-house in Drury-lane, about eight o'clock; I had gone with her to another public-house, and staid there till near twelve - when we got into Holborn - I saw three men standing up against a door, they rushed out against us, and one of them, who had a short pipe in his mouth, run against my breast, and said, "I hope I don't intrude;" the prisoner was the middle man; I felt my watch drawn from my pocket, and saw it in the prisoner's hand; the woman said, "Give the man his watch;" I seized him, but he handed it away - I never let him go, and am certain he had it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I was with the prosecutor, and just before twelve o'clock three men all rushed up against him; I saw the watch in the prisoner's hand; he handed it to the others, who got off; I swear that he had it in his hand; I said, "Give the man his watch;" he said, "In a minute;" I knew the prosecutor before.


                  GEORGE 
                  FORDYCE
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor and witness were both drunk on this night, but not insensible; he distinctly stated to me, that three men met him, that a tall one took his watch and gave it to the prisoner, whom he seized, and he gave it to the other, who got away; he stated this distinctly.
Q. What do you mean by saying he was drunk? A. He staggered - they both knew what they were about; the woman gave the same account.
Prisoner's Defence. He said he picked this woman up, and she robbed him.
WILLIAM MAHER. I did not.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not taking up for passing bad money once? A. I once took a half-crown in change, and was in the watch-house ten minutes for passing it. I had four pints of beer between me and the woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
