






2122. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CROW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, 9 handkerchiefs, value 35s., and 1 shawl, value 10s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Owen 
                  Kelly
               




            .
OWEN KELLY. I am a hawker
, and live at the Redcross tap, Barbican. On the 25th of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in the street, and asked her to buy a piece of cloth - we went together to her house - she appeared the owner of the house. I showed my goods there - we could not agree about the price. I then went to the Pickled Egg public-house


 - she came after me, and said she would treat me with some gin; we were alone in the parlour - my bundle was in the room; she went out twice; the second time she went out I missed two new handkerchiefs from my coat pocket - I had them for sale. I told the landlord - he then took my pack into his care - I was tipsy. Next day I missed a piece of handkerchiefs, containing seven, and a shawl. I was sober when I went into the house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You went there at her invitation? A. I went in, and she followed; I drank at her expense - I do not know how long I was there, I believe about two hours. I gave her nothing, I am sure; I do not remember how much I drank; I saw her take the two handkerchiefs, and put them into her pocket, before I got quite intoxicated; I took them from her - she then said she took them out of a lark. I continued drinking with her - she drank a good deal.


                  THOMAS 
                  FINCHER
               



            . I keep the Pickled Egg. The prisoner and prosecutor came to my house, and had a pot of porter and two quarterns of gin; they called for more gin, but had no money to pay for it; they called for more gin, soon get money; she went out, and came back again twice; before she went out the second time I went into the parlour, and took the prosecutors's pack up stairs, as he was not able to mind it; he came into the tap-room soon after, and pulled off his hat - he said he had lost two handkerchiefs, and accused me of robbing him; I said, "I don't think you have been robbed at all - you have got two handkerchiefs in your hat now;" he said, "Yes, but there should be four;" I said, "If you have been robbed I can find the woman who was with you." I went out, received information from one Moore, and went to a pawnbroker's in Wardour-street- I found some property, and in about an hour I found the prisoner in the street, close by my house; Kelly did not then know that he had lost more than two handkerchiefs; I went home and asked if he had lost any thing else - he then described the other handkerchief and shawl.
Cross-examined. Q. Were not they drunk? A. Yes; Kelly was turned out of the office that night, because he was drunk; the prisoner might be the worse for liquor; she said she had done nothing with the handkerchiefs. she went out at first between five and six o'clock; she was sober then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PYATT
               



            . I am apprentice to a pawnbroker. I have a shawl and two handkerchiefs, pawned by the prisoner, about six o'clock in the evening of the 25th of September - she was sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I am an officer, and took her in charge - she gave me this handkerchief off her neck.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not visible to every body? A. I had not noticed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 25th of September, in the evening, after dark, the prisoner pawned these six handkerchiefs - she appeared sober.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were given to me to pawn: I was to sleep with him all night.


                  JOSIAH 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at Blackwall-lane. I was at the Pickled Egg that night, but not in the room they were in - I heard the prosecutor charge her with taking two handkerchiefs; I thought it frivilous, and asked if he had cut two off the piece - he said he had; I said, "I suppose you cut them off to give to her;" he said,"I did not intend to give them to her - I laid them in her lap to take care of for me." I know nothing of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
