






1470. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 1 saddle, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Rogers
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  COOPER WOODHOUSE
               



            . I live in Oxford-street, and am a hosier. On the 28th of June, at nearly two o'clock in the day, I was in my gig, and the prisoners attracted my notice about a harness-maker's window, in Park-road


 - they were both in company and talking to each other; they approached near to Mr. Roger's shop, and touched the saddle ready to carry it off - I thought they meant to commit a felony - I drove by, and returned again; I then went into the second house, and from their window I could see Smith take the saddle; they had both handled it before, and put up the stirrups ready to carry it off; Mahoney was two or three yards from Smith when he took it; I followed him - he heard me run, and he ran too - after he had run thirty or forty yards with the saddle, he threw it down, and ran about as much further, when I overtook him, without losing sight of him for a moment - I brought him back, and looked to see which way the other had gone - I saw him about fifty yards off, in another direction - I sent two young men after him, and he was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLE
               



            . My father is a butcher. I was in his shop, opposite Mr. Rogers', and saw the witness bring Smith back - he asked who would run after the other - I ran, and took Mahoney - he turned round and saw me run, and he begun to run - I then took him.


                  RICHARD 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am in the service of John Rogers, a sadler
. I remember this transaction, and Smith being brought back by Mr. Woodhouse; this saddle is my own making - I had put it out for sale - I knew nothing of either of the prisoners.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it outside? A. Yes; the stirrups were hanging down when it was put out.


                  EDWARD 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am the officer, and took the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH'S Defence. This lad had nothing to do with it; I was coming from dinner, and he asked me the way to Portland-town - I told him, and he ran off immediately.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MAHONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Six Months
            .
