





1179. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 107 articles of hardware, value 16l. 9s. 8d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Howard
               



             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Quincey
                  



               
            , his masters.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I live at No. 115, Old-street, and am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Quincey
               



            , Jun. The prisoner was in our service, and he was inspector of workmen
 in our warehouse.
ALEXANDER JAMES BURGESS. I am foreman to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, in Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 15th of March the prisoner came to pawn a pair of snuffers and a tray, in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Cane
               



            , No. 10, Wilson-street: on the 12th of April he came again, about eight or half-past eight o'clock in the evening - he offered this pair of snuffers and tray; I asked whose they were - he said his own, that he bought them at some place, (but I forget where,) to use at Christmas; I think he said he gave half a guinea for them - he said his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  James
               



            , and he lived at No. 3, Leonard-street; I said he must have told me what was wrong, as he had brought me another pair, and given another address - he said it must be a mistake, as he had never been there before; I again asked his addres, and he said, "Thomas James, No. 10, Leonard-street;" I then sent a young man up for the former pair - he said it must be altogether wrong, as he never saw that pair before; I wrote down the last address, which he gave me, and said, "Is that right?" he said,"Yes, it is; I made a mistake when I said No. 3;" I asked whose employ he was in - he said he was in the employ of a Mr. Coward, a Manchester warehouse, in Watling-street- he was in one of our boxes; I went on the other side, fastened the door, and sent for Mr. Attfield - I thought I observed some motion of his hand, between himself and the counter, and when the officer came we searched the box, and found this other pair of snuffers and tray on the floor in the box - they are very nearly similar to those he offered to pawn; I cannot swear they had not been in the box before, but I do not think they had - I saw him searched, and this mustard-pot and pepper-box were found on him; he then said, "It is of no use, I will tell you the truth; I took them from my master, Mr. Howard, in Old-street-road:" I had not threatened or promised him any thing.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The first and second pair are not alike? A. No, not alike in pattern, but are in materials - they are paper-mache; I am positive I am not mistaken in his person - he did not confess that he was the person who pawned on the 15th of March, in my presence; I cannot say what time of day it was on the 15th of March when he came - I enter the days in the book.
COURT. Q.Were all the three articles in view when he said he took them from Mr. Howard's? A. Yes.
WILLIAM ATTFIELD. I am an officer of Worship-street. I took the prisoner - this pair of snuffers and stand were found in the box, wrapped up in a bit of paper; I found on him this mustard-pot and pepper-castor, in the same paper as they are now - I found a half-soveriegn, four half-crowns, two shillings, and two sixpences on him; when I found these I asked him how he came by them - he said, "It is of no use, I will tell you the truth - I brought them from my master's, Mr. Howard, No. 115, Old-street;" he then told me that the address he gave Burgess was false, that he lived at No. 30, Bacon-street, Bethnal-green, and he did not care so much for himself as he did for his dear wife and family; I took him to the office, and then went to the place, which he pointed out, and took the money I found on him to his wife, whom I found at home: I found in the shop or front room, in the back room, and in a loft over the wash-house, five hundred and twenty-two articles of tin japanned ware; out of them twenty-four had been identified and marked by Mr. Howard.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you happen to know that the prisoner was a dealer by commission in these very articles? A. I did not know that he dealt at all, except that he bought two or three articles of his master, what had been entered by the clerk in the book.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am head constable of Worship-street. I went with Attfield to the house, and found these articles, which I deposited at the Crown public-house, in the afternoon: at the office he gave me a paper, which I handed to the Magistrate, who gave it to Mr. Howard.
MR. HOWARD. This is the paper; I have not seen the prisoner write, but this is the paper he handed to the officer, and which I received from the Magistrate; he avowed it to be his in the office, and persisted in delivering it, in spite of remonstrances - (read.)
To Messrs. Howard and Quincey, No. 115, Old-street.
HONOURED GENTLEMEN, - I am extremely sorry for having robbed you, but if I had been spared on this occasion, I am perfectly sure you would have been no losers, but rather great gainers; I was truly resolved to be more strict in my duty, and never suffer you to be injured by any one in my sight - my reason for taking what I did on Saturday night, was to have redeemed two pairs of sheets, and then I should have been satisfied.
Unworthy, 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CARE
               



            .
Clerkenwell Prison, March 20, 1829.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q.What was the prisoner? A. Inspector of the work as it came in, and he was besides in the India-house; I never gave him liberty to deal by commission in my warehouse.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Although you yourself never gave him the privilege of dealing by commission, do not you believe he has been in the habit of doing it? A. I believe he has in several instances; I believe there is in my books one instance of his having bought some things.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors; it is my duty to enter all articles bought and paid for by all persons. On the 5th of November, 1828, I find by the book, which I have here, that the prisoner bought some article to the amount of 1s. 8d. - I do not know what it was.
Cross-examined. Q.Was there no other dealings between the prisoner and his master? A. Since the 1st of June, 1828, I have received 1l. 8s. 11 1/2d. of him at different payments - the last was on the 5th of November; I have been there ten years and six months - I have kept the books about two years and a half - I believe there had been dealings between the prisoner and his master before I kept the books; I believe he had been a retail dealer in these articles - I do not know whether Mr. Howard knew that; these twenty-four articles which have been identified have been missed since the 17th of February - I cannot say whether there are any more that can be identified - none of these have been paid for to me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Does any other person receive money for goods? A. Only when I am at my meals - when I return it is accounted for to me: these things could not have been had and paid for without my knowing it - my knowledge of these articles does not depend upon private marks, which may be removed.
The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring that he had become possessed of the goods honestly, and that he was so overcome at the time of his apprehension, he was unconscious of what he either said or wrote.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
