






552. 
               
                  SARAH ANN 
                  PEARCE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 1 frock, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cook
               




            .
SARAH COOK. I am servant
 to Mr. Nagle, who keeps the Apple Tree public house, Clerkenwell


. I went up stairs about four o'clock on the 16th of February and missed a frock off the table, which had been safe in the morning, - when I came down I saw the prisoner, who was detained in the house; I do not know whether she was there when I went up - the constable was sent for, who looked into her basket and found the frock.


                  ANN 
                  HURRELL
               



            . I lodge in this house. I heard a knock at my door, and went to look on the landing-place - I saw the prisoner and asked what she wanted - she said she was wrong, and then she said she wanted Mary - I told Mrs. Nagle she had been up stairs - she sent Sarah Cook up to see what was missing, the prisoner then took her basket off the landing-place, and went down.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARKHAM
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and found this basket and the frock in it, - they told me they would keep the prisoner while the girl went up stairs - she missed the frock.
Prisoner's Defence. I came past the Apple Tree, and thought I would call and see a person who did not live there, but used to go there - she had a pair of stockings and a cap to mend for me - I sat about a quarter of an hour, and then had something to drink, and asked the landlady if there was a young woman there named Mary - she said she did not know - I went up stairs and knocked at a door - I found I was wrong - I saw the frock in the passage, and put it into my basket - I went down and waited some time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
