





THIRD DAY. - SATURDAY, JULY 14.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1380. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  LYONS
               




             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 12th of June
, 4 gowns, value 15s.; 1 tippet, value 1s.; 1 frill, value 6d.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 6d.; 2 curtains, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 napkin, value 2d.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 bag, value 1d.; 2 petticoats, value 1s.; 1 sash, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 5s.; 1 belt and buckle, value 3s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Kirkham
               




            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  KIRKHAM
               



            . I am the wife of James Kirkham, and live in Belton-street, New-road


. On the 12th of June, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from the back attic - I had seen them safe between eleven and twelve o'clock; the street door is generally open; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITTAKER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gideon, a pawnbroker, Stafford-street, Lisson-green. I have two handkerchiefs which the prisoner pawned on the 12th of June, in the name of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Manners
               



            , of No. 5, James-street; I saw her at Mary-le-bone office about a week afterwards, and am sure of her person.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES SMITH
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner on the 12th of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, at her lodging in Little James-street; a duplicate of this handkerchief was found in her pocket; I found in her room four gowns, two curtains, a necklace, a waistcoat, a cap, and a frill, all of which Mr. Kirkham claims.(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I met a woman whom I had not seen for two years - we went and drank together; she had these things in her apron, and asked where she could get a lodging; I said she might make shift at my place - she got me to pawn these handkerchiefs.
J. J. SMITH. She said at the office that the necklace was thrown into her window, and the rest of the things she had of a lady in exchange for some flowers.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See page 528.)
