





825. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 1 book, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Wilton
               



             and 
               
                  William Wilkins 
                  Wilton
               



            .
WILLIAM WILKINS WILTON. I am a bookseller

, in partnership with my father, John Wilton, we live in High Holborn


. We lost a book, called "Humphrey Clinker," between seven and eight o'clock in the evening of the 6th of March - I was in the parlour, and a witness came and brought the prisoner in we searched him but could not find it- we took a light and looked in the yard just by our door and found the book.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . On the 6th of March I was passing, this shop and saw the prisoner and another young man - the prisoner took a book off a small shelf and put it into his trousers' pocket; I collared him and pushed him into the shop - we afterwards took a candle and I found the book about two yards from the place.
Prisoner. Q. You said there were three or four persons. A. No; you resisted, and turned to go up the gateway.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I was called to take the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was standing near the window, with three or four other persons - as soon as the alarm was given they all ran away, and I stood still.
JURY to JESSE PHILLIPS. Q. Was it possible for the prisoner to have thrown the book up the gateway from where he stood? A. Yes, it was; the prosecutor had not missed it; there was a gas-light in the window, buthe took it him from under the board; I took hold of him immediately, but he turned his back and gave himself a twist round.
Prisoner. Q. Were not you standing in the gateway? A. No; I was not; I did not state so at Bow-street; I went up there, but did not see him throw the book.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
