







814. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLAWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April

, at St. Martin in the fields, eighteen copper plates, value 100 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Matthews
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and

                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMMERTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live in Hunt's-court, Castle-street, Leicester-fields



. I know the prisoner Edwards, his father, mother, and himself lodged at my house - I am a copper plate engraver
 - I missed nothing till the 20th of April, when in consequence of what Mitchell told me, I examined my stock, and missed four or five copper plates, and afterwards twenty-two. I have seen four at Shadwell Office, in Mitchell's posesion; they are part of those I missed. They were safe at the beginning of April, I know. The whole I have lost are worth 5 l. each plate, and some of them 10 l., but none less than 5 l. I had frequently met Edwards on the stairs and when he saw me, he always turned back again. He was going towards where the plates were kept, which is separated from the kitchen; he appeared confused, but I suspected nothing then.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You saw him on the kitchen stairs - A. Yes. I have no lodgers but his family.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. On the 20th of April, I apprehended Edwards at Mr. Matthews's house, about some plates, and on the 21st, Mr. Matthews made a communication to me, in consequence of which, I went to Edwards on board the Police ship; I told him Mr. Matthews had missed more plates, and asked if he knew any thing about them; he voluntarily said,
"I do, I in company with another boy, took a quantity of plates from Mr. Matthew's house at different times - the first plate we took, we employed a boy named Gagger, who took the plate to a house up a court in Drury-lane, and there sold it, and brought us part of the money - we afterwards took a quantity more, which were carried by myself and another boy to the same place." In consequence of this I searched the house of the prisoner Hammerton, but found nothing there relating to the plates. I took Hammerton on board the ship to Edwards, who said,
"That is the man I sold the plates to," Hammerton said,
"You scoundrel, you know nothing of me;" Edwards said,
"I do, you bought the plates; you gave me 6 d. a lb. for the first lot, and 4 d. for the rest." I took Hammerton in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. He denied all knowledge of them - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  BEACHEY
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. I was with Mitchell, and searched Hammerton's house, and then took him on board the vessel to Edwards - Mitchell called him up, and asked him if he knew any one standing on the fore-castle, he looked and pointed to Hammerton; Mitchell called him forward, and Edwards said to his face, that he was the man who bought the plates; he denied it, and called him a d - d rascal.


                  CHARLES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. I apprehended Flawn in George-street, St. Giles's, on the 22d of April, and asked him if he knew what I wanted him for, he said he did not; I said I wanted him for stealing copper plates; he immediately asked if Edwards was in custody, I said he was; he said Edwards and another boy knew all about them - I asked if he ever carried any plates along with the other boy, he said he lid, to an old iron shop under an archway in Drury-lane; that he should know the man by sight, but did not know his name - I asked if he meant Shorts gardens, he said he did - I asked if he took the plates into the house; he said No, but that Edwards carried them in, as the person would only admit one person into the house at a time - that he had taken some plates on the Saturday week previous, and on that day Edwards brought one half-crown from the man, and on the Monday following he received 14 s., which they shared among them; but Edwards had the best share. I took him to the office, and he pointed out Hammerton from among six or seven other people, as the man who received them; he denied it. Flawn said the plates came from Hunt's-court, Castle-street; that he was not in the house on any occasion, but waited outside in the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I work at a butcher's in Clare-market. I am called Gagger. I know Flawn, and have seen Edwards in his company passing our shop. About a month or five weeks ago, I was in Clare-market - Edwards and Flawn brought me a copper plate, tied in a blue apron; Edwards gave it me, and said it was a copper plate, and could I sell it, I said No - they shewed me an old iron shop in Short's gardens, and I took it in; Hammerton took it - he said nothing, but put it in the scale directly, and said,
"Here is your money," and gave me a half-crown, which I brought out, and gave to Edwards - they gave me sixpence.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you been in custody before this - A. No. I job about as a drover.


                  RUSSELL 
                  PONTIFEX
               



            . I am a manufacturer of copper plates for engravers, and live in Lisle-street, Soho. I think I have seen Hammerton before; I have a very strong suspicion on my mind that he is the man who called on me about the beginning of April to ask what I would give for old copper plates; it was about a fortnight before Mr. Matthews called on me; I told him the price, but he never brought any. The impression is so strong on my mind that if your Lordship said I must swear either that he is or is not the man, I should rather swear that he is.
Q. How long were you with him - A. About two minutes. I described him to Mr. Matthews before he was apprehended.
MR. MATTHEWS. I have recovered none of this property: the value of one plate is from 8 l. to 10 l.; they were Ward's Sketchings, and some engravings; they were as good as new - the lowest value of any one of them could not be less than 8 l.; they would not sell for less than 5 l. at an auction of the trade, if fair notice was given - old plates always have the engravings erased.
EDWARDS'S Defence. I leave it to my counsel.
HAMMERTON'S Defence. I do not know the boys.
Four witnesses gave Edwards a good character.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 49.
FLAWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
HAMMERTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
