





1692. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 5 sheets, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s; 1 razor, value 1s., and 1 hone, value 6d
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Tanton
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  SILVER
               



            . I know George Tanton - he is a seaman
, and lodged at my mother's house in East Smithfield


; he had come off a voyage, and left these things in my mother's room, then took them out of that room to another, which he hired of my mother - the door was not locked; he is gone to sea now - I know he had the property: the prisoner came on a Saturday afternoon - my mother was out; he asked me if he might go up stairs and lie down, as he said he had lodged at our house - I did not know him; I said, "If you have slept in the house you know the way" - he said Yes; I said, "Then you can go up stairs" - he came down in half an hour, and the prosecutor was then down stairs; the prisoner asked me to lend him a knife - the prosecutor gave him a knife; he went up for half an hour - Tanton remained down stairs in the shop; we keep a chandler's shop - he came down, returned the knife to him, and it was broken - (we found the lock of the prosecutor's box broken open); he went up stairs again - the prosecutor went out, and down came this man with a bundle; he had none when he went up stairs; I said to him before that, "How came you to break the knife" - he said, "If I have broken it, I will pay for it;" my mother sent me after him - I went and met him with the bundle, and asked whose it was; he said it was something of his own; I said, "You brought no bundle" - he said he had; I said, "Mother wants you to come back" - he turned up a court; nobody was present - he said he would come directly, but he did not; we did not know whose things he had taken, but about ten o'clock the prosecutor came home and asked mother for a light - he went up stairs, called her up, and asked who had been to his place, for his trunk was broken open; I went up - his trunk was broken open, and his things gone; they have never been found - they were all safe before; he never returned, but at eleven o'clock I saw him in a pawnbroker's shop, and had him taken.
Prisoner. Q. Did I ask for a knife? A. Yes - the prosecutor lent it to you, and you returned it to him; I saw you turn up Cooper's-row with the bundle - there was nobody near, or I should have given you in charge; the knife was tried to the box at Lambeth-street, and fitted the lock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
