





1592. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOT
               




             mas indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        West 
                        Mawer
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WEST MAWER. I live in the country. I was in town on the 5th of August, and lost a pocket handkerchief, but did not see who took it; two persons came up and asked me if had I not lost one - I felt, and missed it; I had used it about five minutes before.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURRAY
               



            . I saw the prisoner go up and take a handkerchief out of Mr. Mawer's pocket; I was not above half a yard off - another person was with him: it was in Smithfield


 - there was no crowd; I told Mr. Mawer and took the prisoner myself - the handkerchief was found in the pens; he said he knew nothing about it - I told the officer to look on the ground for it; he got over the pens and found it - the prisoner did not run away; he got twenty or thirty yards before I took him - I went to tell the prosecutor, and while he was feeling in his pocket the prisoner was walking away.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I was with Murray; I did not see the handkerchief taken - I was near Mr. Mawer, but not close enough to see what he did; other persons were behind - Murray was within half a yard of Mawer, and the prisoner was close to him; Murray spoke to Mawer, and asked him if he had lost a handkerchief; he then ran and caught the prisoner - it was all done in a moment, for he ran and turned Elliott round, and I saw him throw the handkerchief over the pens; I picked it up in four or five minutes - I saw it in his hand before he threw it.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked the man if he had lost the handkerchief; and said it was on the ground, but found it in the pens.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURRAY
               



            . I did not lose sight of him after seeing him take it. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
