





1225. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 9 lbs. of lead, value 18 d., and one sheet, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Burdett
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BURDETT
               



            . I am a weaver
, and live in Phoenix-street


; this lead was in my shop, I use it in my business. On the 22d of August, I was in bed - my wife awoke meI looked out of the window, and saw a man, who asked, if I had authorised any one to take the lead from my house. I went and found it at the watch-house, returned and missed it. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  FRANCES 
                  BURDETT
               



            . I am wife of last witness. I went up and missed a sheet off the bed of the top room.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Burdett. Isaacs came up when I was in bed at my masters - he sent a girl up to call me. I got up and came down; he asked if I could give him a lodging; I said "No;" he said, if I did not, he should be put in the watch-house or something. I agreed to it, and in the morning he got up an hour before me, and awoke me about half-past five o'clock; he asked if I would run away from my uncle; I said, No, I did not want to go. I went down stairs on purpose to get him down; he asked if he might put on my shoes. I said Yes; as they were an old pair, and about four doors from the house he tried the shoes on, and said he could not wear them. He went up again, and brought the sheet down, he said, "Now go away with me." I did not like to go back, and we came away together, and when we got out of the street, he said, he had some lead, and asked me to carry it as it was all falling down in his breeches, and I did.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not ask me to fetch you a wh - e - A. No; I did not persuade him to run away with me.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MANNOCK
               



            . I was officer of the night. About half-past five o'clock in the morning, I left the watch-house to go home, and saw the prisoner, who appeared a suspicious character, with something like a sheet stuck out of his coat, which was buttoned. I asked what he had there? he said it was nothing to me. I said he should not pass till I was satisfied; he then said it was a sheet which he was taking from his mother to his aunt. He could not tell where his mother or aunt lived - I took him and Wilkinson to the watch-house. I found a sheet round the prisoner's body, in his hat a shirt, and in his pocket a dirty cloth - he said the sheet was his aunt's. On Wilkinson, I found 8 lbs. of lead in one pocket, and 1 lb. in the other; he said the prisoner stole it from his master, and after he left gave it him to carry, as he had made up his mind to leave his master.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This lad's uncle came to him at the watch-house and said, "What Bob, you have robbed me six or seven times before, and I shall go to the utmost of the law, and what have you led this young man into it for."


                  ROBERT 
                  BURDETT
               



            . I never said any such thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
