





1606. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUMPSTEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 gold seal, value 1l., and 1 piece of ribbon, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Grubb
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he, on the 7th day of April, in the 6th year of His Majesty's Reign, was convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GRUBB
               



            . On the 29th of August I was in the skittle-ground of the Boot public-house, in Cromer-street


; I saw my watch safe about eight o'clock, and missed it about half-past eight - I felt it go; I had seen the prisoner there before it was taken, and at the time it was taken several persons were round me - I laid hold of the prisoner directly, at the time of the scuffle, but I have not got my watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SILLITOE
               



            . I am a tailor. I was at the Boot about half-past eight o'clock with the prosecutor -I saw the prisoner and upwards of thirty more in another part of the ground; they came up to our part and took a pot of ale from us - the prosecutor said it was not right - we then had a pot of porter come in, and they took that; I was knocked down by some of the party, and when I got up I saw the prisoner and Mr. Grubb in contact - I saw the prisoner drawing out the watch by the black ribbon from the pocket; I said they had been robbing him - one of them knocked me down again and said,"What is that to you?" there was then a great rush out; I said to a coachman, "Shut the door, we will let no more out till we get an officer;" the prisoner then went and sat down as if nothing had happened - the watch has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it; the gentleman played with me for a pint of porter.


                  ISAAC 
                  KIMPTON
               



            . I was present when this prisoner was tried in April 1826, for stealing seventeen yards and a half of cotton - I produce a copy of his conviction, and I know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
