





1250. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HUGO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, one watch, value 50 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Norris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORRIS
               



            , ESQ
. On the 19th of October, about six o'clock, I was at the corner of Jewin-street


, in my way to Aldersgate-street; I was met by three men, one of whom rushed against me, and with the rapidity of lightning took hold of my watch-chain, which he pulled out - it was so instantaneous I could not prevent it - he ran away very fast. I pursued, giving an alarm; he was taken at the end of Maidenhead-passage, about a hundred and fifty yards off, and conveyed into a public-house. The prisoner is the man who took my watch, I have no doubt of it.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a Marshal's-man of the City, and live within twenty yards of where the prisoner was stopped. Some neighbours knocked at my door, I went out, and found the prisoner in custody of the prosecutor, who charged him with stealing his watch, and said he saw him take it.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN SPEERING
               



            . My father sells goods on commission. I found the watch in Maidenhead-passage; the chain and seals were snapped off and laid by it. I found them about half-past six o'clock, all was quiet then. It was returned to Mr. Norris.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORRIS
               



            , ESQ. re-examined. The watch is under repair - I produce the chain and seals.


                  LAWRENCE 
                  COX
               



            . I am a ribbon-dresser. I was coming out of Castle-street into Maidenhead-court, and heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came running along, I collared and held him till Mr. Norris came up and said he was the man. He asked me to let him go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
