





776. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John 
                        Read
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 7th of May
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 16 l. 16 s.; one chain, value 2 l. 10 s.; one key, value 12 s., and one ring, value 8 s.
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



            . I live at No. 17, New-square, Minories. On Tuesday, the 7th of May, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I was walking home through Leadenhall-street


 with my watch in my fob; it rained hard, and I had an umbrella up. Three persons met me two doors from Lime-street, I gave way to them; the prisoner then came and pushed against me, and seized my watch out; I followed him to the bottom of Lime-street; he ran against the watchman, and I secured him. He did not push me violently.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. No violence was used - A. None at all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RIDLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Aldgate. I was calling half-past nine o'clock at the lower part of Lime-street, and heard Mr. Read call Stop thief! the prisoner ran towards me; I crossed over and secured him.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am the patrol. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house between nine and ten o'clock, and between three and four next morning I went to Lime-street, and examined the area of the East India House, and found the watch and its appendages.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 15.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
