





83. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  THORN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 4 bridles, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        Morris 
                        Mellows
                     




                  , privately in his stable
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Morris Mellows, of Gray's-inn-lane


. On the 10th of November I went to his stable, about a quarter before five o'clock, and saw the prisoner there - he asked me where Mr. Osmond's stable was; I came to the door to shew him, and while I was there a ostler came up and asked me for a bit of candle; I turned round and the prisoner ran away - I pursued, and saw him drop one or two bridles as he ran - I took them up, but did not lose sight of him till he was taken: I know the bridles to be Mr. Mellows' property. when I went away I had left the door of the stable shut and latched but not locked.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you not known him? A. No; I had never seen him before - he had not been talking to me, nor had I lent him these bridles to assist him in his emergency; he had not asked me for a loan of 10s. before - the ostler had not told me I was robbed.


                  CHARLES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am servant at the stables in Gray's-inn-lane. On the 10th of November I saw the prisoner there, about a quarter before five o'clock, with four bridles in his right hand, standing on one side of the door, and Morris on the other. I asked Morris for a piece of candle- the prisoner then ran away, and said "Good night!" Morris ran after him, and sung out "Stop thief! I did not see any bridles taken from him.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you saw the prisoner and Morris talking to one another? A. Yes, and the prisoner had four bridles in his right hand - they were conversing together, not above a yard from each other; Morris could see the prisoner but not the bridles, as he held them behind him, and as he ran by me they hit me pretty sharply.


                  MATHIAS 
                  WELAHEN
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, about five o'clock on the 10th of November; as I was coming along Liquor-pond-street he said it was the first time he ever was in trouble, and he could not think what induced him to take them.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it possible for a man to hold these so that they could not be seen? A. No, it is quite impossible.(Property produced and sworn to).
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  MORRIS
               



            . Q. Did you see these bridles in his hand? A. No, I did not see them except in the stable. I did not see them in his hand at the door.
Prisoner's Defence. I have known the first witness two or three weeks; I was going home that evening - I called to see him, he was not there - I stopped till he came. I told him I was out of place, and out of money, and asked him to lend me 10s. He said he had no money to spare, but I might take three or four of the bridles, and pawn them until the next day, if I would replace them, which I fully intended to do; while I was standing at the door the other witness came up, and Morris told me to run off; he had said he would not tell his master anything about them if I would replace them by two o'clock - he now swears against me to hide his own disgrace.
COURT to GEORGE MORRIS. Q. Had you upon your oath, given this man leave to take them to pawn? A. No; I had not upon my oath. I had no suspicion of him when he was in the stable; he asked for Mr. Osmond's, and I was directing him when the other came up.
Q. Was the door shut when you got there? A. Yes; and the prisoner was inside. Mr. Osmond lives in the King's-mews, King's-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
