






101. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CARROL
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COX
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, a watch, value 30 s.; a watch-ribbon, value 6 d., and two keys, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Poole
               



            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to be the property of 
               
                  William Squire 
                  Foster
               



            .
WILLIAM SQUIRE FOSTER. I am a watchmaker
, and live at Acton


. I lost a silver watch from my shop on the 17th of November - it had a ribbon and two keys to it. I had seen it hanging in the window about an hour before it was taken - the window was close shut down. I did not see either of the prisoners. I missed it about half-past four or five o'clock, and saw it again on the following Saturday in the possession of the constable. The prisoners were in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Was this a watch which you had to repair? A. Yes; I keep a book in which I enter the numbers of those I have to repair.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. My husband went out about three o'clock. Mr. Poole's watch was in the shop on the counter. The prisoner Carrol came to the shop and gave me his watch, and asked me what would be the expense of having something done to it - I said I could not tell. Mr. Poole's watch was within his reach - I had put it on the counter - he went away and said he could not come again. No other person had been in in the mean time.

Cross-examined. How long afterwards did your husband come home? A. About an hour. I had taken the watch out of the window to shut the shutters - there was another on the counter. I did not see him again till he was in Newgate - he was not more than five minutes in the shop.
THOMAS POOLE. I had left my watch with Mr. Foster to repair. I have seen it again in possession of the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am constable of Kensington. I took the two prisoner into custody, on Wednesday, the 17th November - Mr. Wheatley stopped them. I found a watch on Cox, which was afterwards claimed by Mr. Foster, and Mr. Poole.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARD WHEATLEY
               



            . I am a watch-maker, and live in King-street, Hammersmith. I saw the two prisoners on Wednesday evening, the 17th of November, about ten minutes before six o'clock, in a cart, in Phillmore-place, Kensington, about two miles from my house - I was looking after them. I thought it would be improper for me to take them myself, and I applied to some persons passing the road to assist me, as I suspected they had robbed my shop; they drew up the cart by the road side, and Cox got out - some persons took him. I got into the cart, and took Carrol - the watch was found on Cox.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a constable. On Wednesday, the 17th November, I went in company with Mr. Foster to Hammersmith, and from there to Kensington; where I saw the watch, which answered the description given by Foster, in the possession of Mr. Bailey.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
COX'S Defence. I had been out looking for work. I was tired, and asked this young man to give me a lift. I got out, and saw a poor man showing this watch to a man - I asked the price of it; he said 16 s., which I gave him. I then got into the cart, and got a little further, when I was stopped.
CARROL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COX - 

               NOT GUILTY
            . - Vide 5th Day.
