





London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
372. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SOAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Sieck
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  SIECK
               



            . I am a merchant
, of Langbourn-chambers, Fenchurch-street. On the 1st of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Newgate-street


, going home. I had a silk handkerchief in my coat pocket - a person called out to me that the prisoner had picked my pocket; I turned round, and saw him twenty or thirty yards from me. I felt, and missed my handkerchief. I gave him in charge. I have not recovered it.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I am servant to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Lubbock
               



            , at the banking house. I was in Newgate-street, between six and seven o'clock in the evening of the 1st of February, and saw the prisoner noticing people's pockets as they passed - I watched him. I noticed Mr. Sieck; the prisoner got up to him, put his hand in his pocket, and 
               drew
             the handkerchief out - I was not two yards from himat the time. A woman was walking with him - I said to him,
"You have robbed that gentleman." I made a catch at the handkerchief, and caught him by the cuff of his coat; he put himself in an attitude to strike me - I then let go of his hand which had the handkerchief in it, and in the mean time the woman came up, and caught me by the collar, and said,
"Go along, what have you to do with that man" - she let go of me, took the handkerchief from the prisoner, and went off with it. Mr. Sieck came up, and said he had lost his handkerchief - the prisoner was secured before he was out of my sight. I knew his person before, and am certain of him.


                  HENRY 
                  HONEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 1st of February, I was on the opposite side of the way, and I saw people collected, and found the witness accusing the prisoner of having stolen the handkerchief - I took him. I found nothing but a few halfpence and an old clothes brush on him.
Prisoner's Defence. May it please your Lordship and Gentlemen, I stand charged with stealing a handkerchief, which I deny - though it is of little use, for you are bound to give a verdict according to the evidence, and it is my misfortune to be in custody at a time when I am too poor to employ counsel. I understand two persons can prove my innocence, but have nobody to send for them. I was convicted here at a former period, and soon liberated having His Majesty's Most Gracious pardon. All I can say is that in this, as in the former case, I have been pursued by bad men, who seek my destruction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.




               Transported for Life
            .
