





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
591. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, a watch, value 25 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Dixon
                     



                  , spinster
; and three silver spoons, value 20 s.; sixteen towels, value 8 s.; eleven napkins, value 8 s.; eleven caps, value 11 s., and nine frocks, value 18 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hewitt
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS HEWITT. I live in Sovereign-street, Paddington


, and am a butcher
; I have never slept in thehouse, as it is unfinished: I intend to live there when it is completed. I placed Charlotte Dixon, my servant, there to air the rooms, and to sleep there when she thought them aired. Three rooms wanted plastering and papering. I have not opened the shop yet. I had sent in twelve chairs, two tables, a box of linen, and three silver spoons. On the 16th of March, about one o'clock in the morning, Stevens, the watchman, called me up; I went to the house; the box of linen laid in the room, and the spoons on it; they were in a cupboard the day before.
CHARLOTTE DIXON. I am servant
 to Mr. Hewitt, and had been so for a fortnight or three weeks. I slept at this house for the first time on the 15th of March, and between twelve and one o'clock I thought I heard somebody walking about the house; I listened, and heard a person coming up the attic stairs, without his shoes; I got out of bed, opened the window, and called the watchman, who came, and sprung his rattle; more watchmen came up, and while they were trying to break open the private door at the side of the house, I saw a man jump down from the fan-light over the shop door, and run away; the watchmen sprung their rattles, and pursued, but returned without him. I sent them to alarm Mr. Hewitt, who came. I had fastened the shop door the night before, but the space above was open, as the fan-light had not been put in. I let Mr. Hewitt and the watchmen in; we all went up stairs, looked round the front attic, and found the box of linen gone from there; it was there overnight: it was found at the bottom of the attic stairs, with three silver spoons on it, wrapped in a cloth; they were in the cupboard the night before, with a watch, which was found on the prisoner when he was taken: it belonged to Mrs. Winders, where Mr. Hewitt lodged; she had lent it to me. I am a widow. The linen still remained in the box.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 16th of March, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Hertford-street, Park-lane, looking through the iron rails of the Marquis of Londonderry's house; I heard him moving, and found he was without shoes; I went to him, and said,
"What are you doing here?" he said,
"I am looking for a place to lay down;" I said,
"This is a very improper place," and took him to St. George's watch-house, and found a watch, two knives, a gimblet, and two duplicates upon him. He was not quite a mile from the prosecutor's house.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  DIXON
               



            . One shoe was found in the house - a watchman brought another in from George-street. I know the watch to be the same Mrs. Winders lent me. I have the spoons - they are not new.
THOMAS HEWITT. I put the linen into the box; it contained sixteen old towels, eleven napkins, and eleven caps; they were worth 37 s., and the spoons 20 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a watchman I pursued a man who escaped from the house; he ran up George-street, towards Park-lane. I picked up one shoe in George-street.
GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
