







Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2001. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  POWELL
               




            , 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  EDWARDS
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS, alias 
WALKER





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 comb, value 1s. 10d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Hicks
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. On the 6th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw Harris at the corner of Liquorpond-street - I stopped in a door-way, and saw the other prisoners come up to him; they stopped under the alms-houses, and talked together, then went on to the corner of Elm-street, and stopped at a grocer's-shop, and bought a basket for 3d.: they came out; Edwards had the basket in his hand - they went on to an oil-shop - Powell and Edwards went in, and Harris staid at the door; they came out, and went on to Mr. Hicks' shop, a turner, in Gray's Inn-lane-road


; Powell and Edwards went in, and were there some time, and Harris went in to them; I went up, and saw Powell with a rule and comb in his hand, standing by a glass-case, with Edwards. Harris was at the end of the counter; they came out across the way, and went a little distance - I crossed over, and pushed Edwards and Powell into a shop, at the corner of Henry-street - Mills brought in Harris, and I found this comb on him - also some stamps, and two wafer-stamps.



                  RICHARD 
                  MILLS
               



            . I was with Waddington - his account is correct.


                  MARY 
                  DICKINS
               



            . I am shopwoman to Mr. George Hicks. Powell and Edwards came in, and asked for a comb for graining, and said it must be three inches and a half long; I showed them some, but none would do; in about seven minutes, while they were there, Harris came in, and said he wanted a brush for graining; I went to look for some, but not finding them readily, he said he would call in the morning, between nine and ten o'clock - he did not appear to know the others; they all went out; Powell had a rule, and measured the comb. In a quarter of an hour the officer came in - I then missed a comb. They had taken up several in the shop, and I missed one then.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Had you counted them before? A. No; we sell a good many such. I believe this to be the one I missed.


                  ANN 
                  HICKS
               



            . I live with my father. I was out at the time, but this comb has my writing on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are all your combs marked so? A. Yes - if it was sold the ink would still be there.
POWELL'S Defence. I went to buy a comb - they had none: I took nothing.
POWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
