





917. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May
, a watch, value 4 l.; a chain, value 2 l., and a seal, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Varney
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  VARNEY
               



            . I live in Spitalfields-market, and deal in potatoes
. On the 4th of May, about a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Crown-street towards Sun-street


, and saw a great crowd; a man was walking backwards. Soon after I entered the crowd, I was surrounded and pressed by a throng of person. My watch was safe just before - it cost 7 l. with the chain and seals; I felt it drawn from me, and saw the prisoner near me, on my left - his arm went across, and immediately the throng left me, and rushed down Long-alley; I pursued and took him; he declared his innocence, and said he had not a watch about him, and would go with me any where. I sent for an officer, who searched him, but did not find it. He said next morning at the office, that if I would drop the prosecution he would send and see for the watch; he sent a person, who did not return.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was he when he said this - A. In the parlour at the office; he came to me and said so. He was standing in a crowd of persons at the time of the robbery; there were not less than fifty people; he was near me - in front; there was no person between me and him. I saw no watch in his hand; I saw his hand near me, and pass with great rapidity towards my right. I did not see the property pass from him to anybody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I live in Long-alley, near the spot in question, and am a stone mason. I was sent for to Crown-street, being an officer, and took the prisoner in charge. I did not hear what was said at the office, but in taking him to the watch-house, at the corner of Crown-street, he struck me a violent blow on the head, and attempted to get away. I had used no violence to provoke him. He did not deny the charge, but said he would go with me.


                  HENRY 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am a fruit-seller in Finsbury New-market. I saw this man at the end of Crown-street strike Robretson, and I told him if he did so again I would knock him down. I assisted in taking him to a place of safety. I heard him say to the prosecutor that if he would forgive him, and not take him before Magistrate, he would return the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. This man said,
"If you will give the prosecutor his watch or the value of it, he will let you go." I was returning from Smithfield, and passed through this crowd; when I got out of the crowd, I had walked about a hundred yards, and the gentleman came up, and said,
"You have robbed me;" I said,
"Me, Sir" - he said
"I expect you are the person;" I said,
"You may take me where you please."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
