






2161. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  MILLER
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  PUGH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 ring, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Don William Nathaniel 
                  Tuck
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am the sister to Mrs. Tuck, of Castle-street, Leicester-square


. On the evening of the 19th of October the prisoners came into the shop, in company; Miller asked for a ring for her fore finger - I got out the tray, and while they were looking at them, Pugh asked if we sold silver thimbles; I said I would show her some presently; I heard some one coming from the parlour; I turned my head for a moment, and saw it was my sister - she came up to the tray, and said, "Where is the ring off this card?" I had seen it on the card when I took the tray from the window; they were both near enough to take it - they were close together, and one must have seen the other take it. - Mrs. Tuck charged them with it; they both denied it: it was a remarkable large gold ring. An officer was sent for, who took them.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoners. I produce the ring, which I received from Wells.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  TUCK
               



            . I am the wife of Don William Nathaniel Tuck. I saw the prisoners in the shop; I went, and looked at the tray, and missed the ring - I had seen it safe at one o'clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HARRIET 
                  WELLS
               



            . My husband is the watch-housekeeper. The prisoners were brought in between four and five o'clock, and denied it; I searched, but found nothing on them. Early next morning, in the watch-house-yard, close by where they passed, I picked up this ring.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
PUGH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
