





Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1358. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHACKLOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, 6 pieces of printed calico, containing twenty-eight yards each, value 7l. 9s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Wheelton
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Brewer
               



            , and 
               
                  George Alexander 
                  Buckland
               



            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.

MR.
 JOHN WHEELTON. I am in partnership with John Brewer and George Alexander Buckland - we are callenderers and packers


, carrying on business in Bagnio-court, Newgate-street


 - the prisoner was about eighteen months in our employ.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMAS FORD
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors - the prisoner's duty was to go out with a light cart to collect goods to be finished, and return them to the party when done; I produce the day-book - here is an entry made by myself on the 22d of July, "White and Greenwell, 2 7-8ths, furniture 28-14 9-8ths jacconet;" the name of Shacklock is written against this entry in his own writing, and signifies that he has returned the goods - here is another entry of the same date, of four pieces of 7-18ths furniture the prisoner has also signed that.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You make the first entry yourself? A. Yes; from the prisoner's mouth when he brings the goods - he signs the book when he takes them out to return them, and brings a receipt back when he comes home - I have no recollection of seeing the goods - he has written July 25th, against them, as the day he returned them; I am certain "Shacklock, July 25," is his writing.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. When he brings goods home what is done? A. He calls them over, and I enter them, and when he takes them back he signs the book with his name and the date, as haring returned them.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES HOGG
               



            . I am in the service of White and Greenwell, of Blackfriars-road. The prisoner used to call from the prosecutors' for goods; I remember delivering these goods to him - here is an entry in my writing of delivering him these pieces of furniture with other goods, on the 22d - the six pieces of furniture have never been returned - they were to be rolled and callendered.
Q. Look at this receipt - here are the initials C. J. H. to it, is there any other person in Messrs. White and Co.'s employ answering to those initials except you? A. No; this receipt was never signed by me or my authority - it is dated 25th of July - I was at the house that day, and went out of town on the 26th, at two o'clock, for three weeks and three days - the furniture was never returned to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you conclude that because you find no entry of them? A. I have crossed off the jacconets, and recollect that they came without the furniture - my recollection was called to it when I came from the country; I also inspected the stock, and found they were not in it; I always cross off goods at the time they come in; I never omit it.
Q. Has any person inquired of you whether White's stock was all right, and you said Yes? A. Two females made some inquiry on behalf of the prisoner, after he was in custody; I told them as I had not then taken stock, I knew nothing against him on, White and Co.'s account, I did not say the stock was all right; I had not examined it when they called.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. How long after you returned did these women call? A. A day or two; I am certain I had not then examined the stock; I believe it was his wife and sister who called - we had, perhaps, fifty or sixty pieces of furniture at that time, and, at that time, might not sell above a piece or two in a week.

MR.
 JOHN BREWER. I am one of the prosecutors. When the prisoner brought in goods he gave them to some person to be entered in the day-book, and when he took them out his duty was to fill up a receipt for them. The name "Shacklock," to this entry, is his, and is done when he takes the goods out: his duty, when he returns, is to bring us a receipt from the customer; he produced to me this receipt for these goods (reads) - "July 25, delivered White and Co. six pieces of 7-8ths furniture, twenty-eight yards each, rolled and glazed; received by C.I.H." and in the corner are my initials, which I put on when he gave it me - the receipt is his writing.
Mr. BRODRICK to HOGG. Q. Does not one clerk sometimes put the initials of another? A. Never; it is my duty to receive goods; if I was absent whoever received them would put his own initials.


                  ISAAC 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am warehouseman to White and Co. I did not receive these goods - I do not know the initials to this receipt.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the stock examined before Hogg came home? A. No; we sometimes sell fifty pieces in a week; I should think the average sale in July might be from twenty to twenty-five pieces.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Can you sell goods you have not got? A. No. Hogg, Powell, and I are the only persons who receive goods.


                  JAMES 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am in White and Co.'s employ. I did not put these initials to the receipt - they are not Hogg's writing - I never received the goods.
Cross-examined. Q. If you three were absent would not somebody else put your initials? A. No; one of is always in the way - the initials are in pencil.
MR. BREWER. The prisoner left our service on Saturday morning, the 29th of July, without notice: I received this letter the same day - it is his hand-writing - he called on me on Monday evening (read).
"To Messrs. Wheelton and Co. - Gentlemen - Unfortunate circumstances have occurred which render it impossible for me to attend to business to-day, but I hope on Monday to explain all to your satisfaction - till then I do hope you will suspend your judgment, as I am entirely the victim of circumstances. J. SHACKLOCK."
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of receiving many goods, and in the hurry of business Hogg has taken his pencil out, and signed his name in great haste, so that there are not two signatures which any body could identify as the same; I certainly delivered them to him that day; it is impossible they could miss them out of their stock; I knew nothing of this indictment till I came into Court.
MR. BREWER. We did not prefer this particular charge before the Lord Mayor.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MARY BARTON
               



            . I am not related to the prisoner. I went with his wife to White and Co.'s on Sunday, and was told Hogg had not returned; we called again on Tuesday, and asked if he knew any thing to the disrepute of Mr. Shacklock - he said No; I said Mrs. Shacklock was anxious to know whether all was correct - he said "Quite correct."
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Why, according to what we have heard this charge was not known? A. No, but I understand Mr. Wheelton told his wife three parties were concerned, but he would not deliver up their names; she was anxious to know who were his accusers.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
