





1829. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DRURY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     Anna Francis


                  , widow
, 10 silver spoons, value 3l.; 2 miniature paintings, value 20s.; five 10l. and five 5l. Bank notes
            , her property.
ANNA FRANCIS. I am a widow, and live at No. 5, Jamaica-street, Commercial-road, in the parish of Stepney


; I believe it has no other name than that. The prisoner's brother and wife lodged in my house - he occasionally visited them, and had been there on the 17th of August; I kept all this property in a small deal box in my sleeping room, on the ground floor - I missed it early in the morning of the 18th of August - he was apprehended in about a week, in bed at his own house, after being denied by his servant, and the miniature-frame was thrown from the window.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WADHAM COPE
               



            . I am a marshal of the City, I traced a note into the prisoner's possession, and on the 29th of August apprehended him; I applied at the house between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, to know if he was at home; they said, No, he was out of town, and would be absent a fortnight - I afterwards returned, and said, I had a warrant, and must search - I found him in bed; we were waiting some time for his brother, who was in bed in the first floor back room; I heard the window thrown up, and immediately afterwards heard something fall from the window of that room; I went into the yard, and found this miniature-frame tied up in brown paper. I produce a 10l. Bank note, No. 9786, dated the 7th of December, 1825, with the name"Drury, 17th of August, 1826," written on it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  KOHLER
               



            . I am a furrier, and live in Cheapside. The prisoner paid me this 10l. note on the 17th of August - "Drury, 17th of August, 1826," is my hand-writing.


                  HENRY 
                  JOBSON
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Esdailes. I have an entry of some 10l. notes, No. 9777 to 9790, inclusive, which I paid on the 14th of December, for a draft of 148l. 3s., on account of the Yarmouth Bank - I cannot say to whom I paid them.


                  ANNA 
                  FRANCIS
               



             re-examined. I lost seven 10l. notes, and some 5l. notes, which I had received on the 14th of December, from Messrs. Esdailes, among others - I know what I paid away. I had a cheque for 87l., on Esdailes', drawn by Cowie, of Yarmouth, and received other notes there at the same time.
GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
