





1779. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  APPLETON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, a warrant, for payment of and value 135 l. 18 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Gobby
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
ROBERT GOBBY. I am a breeches'-maker
, and live in - street, Regent-street


. On the 3d of September, I received from 
               
                  Captain 
                  Shaw
               



             an order on Messrs. Deffell and Co. No. 3, Billiter-court, for 135 l. 18 s. 6 d. - this is it (looking at it). Mr. Duffell is agent to Mr. Shaw; I put the order into the cheque box, and gave my wife directions to receive it that morning, but she was too late, and did not get it cashed; I saw it in the box after that. On Monday I inquired for it - it was produced by my wife - I saw her take it from the box - it then lay on the corner of the drawers - I asked for it afterwards and it was missing - I was some time looking for it, and then went very hastily to Billiter-court - I could not find the place - I went again and found it, and in consequence of what I heard there I went to Messrs. Payne and Smith's - I have not received the money.


                  MARY 
                  GOBBY
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On Monday, the 5th of September, I took this order out of the cash-box, and placed it on the end of the drawers - my pocket handkerchief was put over it - the servant called me to the door to the baker, and another person wanted me - I took up my handkerchief, and am not certain whether I took any thing else up with it - I went to the street door, and saw the prisoner, who was the baker - he served our house with bread - a boy was also there - the prisoner did not come into the house; he stood at the door; I stood on the mat, and the servant stood at the door; I asked him for change for a half sovereign; he said he could not give it to me; I drew my handkerchief from my pocket, and returned from the door, and the servant followed me, leaving the prisoner and the boy at the door; my husband made inquiry after the order in about five minutes; I looked on the drawers for it, and then in the passage, but could not find it.
Cross-examined. Q. Is your servant here? A. No she has left me; I did not think it necessary for her to come; she walked behind me from the door; she held the door in her hand, and I was about a yard from it; we have no yard door, nor any back window; there is no thorough air through the house; the door was left open, and the servant followed me to see if I had change to pay him; I had not, and he went away; the servant went and shut the door; it was about two o'clock in the afternoon.
COURT. Q. Had the prisoner his basket with him? A. Yes, he was serving bread, and had some bills in his hand; I left him standing close to the door, and went into the parlour; I did not return to him myself.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live in King-street, Soho; my husband is a baker; the prisoner's brother was in our employ, in September, as foreman; the prisoner has come to my house to see his brother several times. On the 5th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, he came into our shop, and asked if Mr. White was at home; I said No; he asked if his brother Ned was within; I said No, he had been gone twenty minutes; he produced a paper to me, saying he had got another (he had come to his brother on the Monday before with a cheque for 151 l.); I said "Another what?" he said "Another cheque," and produced a piece of paper to me; I read it, and believe the cheque produced to be it; it was a draft for 135 l. 18 s. 6 d. (the other was a printed cheque); it was without a stamp, and all written; I remember that it was from Mr. Shaw, payable to Gobby; I am sure this is the paper; I said "William, I am rather astonished to see this - what does it mean? to have two cheques of this amount in one week; I am afraid somebody is laying a trap for you;" he said nothing, but seemed in a flurry, took the check, and went away as fast as he could towards Oxford-street; I looked after him, for it attracted my attention.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that the week before a cheque had come into his hands, when he advertised, and took much trouble to restore it to the owner? A. No; he told me he went to the banker's to get it cashed, and the money was being told out to him, when one of the gentlemen asked him if it was all right, and he said "No; the truth is, I picked it up," and they withdrew the money.
Q. On your telling him this was a trap, did he not say "Well, I found it in the street, and shall throw it into the street again?" A. No, he went instantly up the street.


                  JOHN 
                  DEFFELL
               



            . My father is agent to Captain Smith; the office is in Billiter-court. On the 5th of September, about half-past three o'clock, this order was presented to me by a man who I do not recollect; I gave him a cheque on Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Co., for the amount; this is the cheque (producing it).


                  JOHN 
                  PRIESTMAN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Co. I cashed this draft about half-past four o'clock. I have a slight recollection of the person. I do not believe the prisoner to be the man. I think he had a green coat on.

Cross-examined. Q. In what did you pay it? A. Ten 10 l. notes, and the rest in gold.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . When he came to my house he was alone, but there was a man accompanying him in Frith-street; I saw that man; he had dark trousers, and a bottle green coat on.
JOHN PRIESTMAN. That corresponds with my recollection of the person.


                  HENRY 
                  SAXBY
               



            . I live at Chelsea. I was standing at Mr. Gobby's door early in September, and while there the prisoner came; I saw nobody else at the door; Mrs. Gobby came to speak to him; I saw her drop a bit of paper from her pocket, as she was getting something out of her pocket; it fell just by the mat in the passage; I went away, leaving the prisoner there, and the paper remaining in the passage; I did not mention it.
Cross-examined. Q. How came you not to mention it? A. I thought she saw it, or I should have told her; she was standing there when I left; I saw it almost a yard from the door; she stood just by the side of the mat; I have been to the house since.
MRS. GOBBY re-examined. The passage is five yards and a half long from the parlour door; nobody had been into the passage, from the time my husband inquired for the cheque.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 6th of September; I found nine sovereigns in his box, and a few bakers' bills on his person.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I knew the prisoner. When he was brought from the lock-up-place to be examined at Marlborough-street I asked him what he had done with Mr. Gobby's cheque? he smiled, and said he picked it up by the side of his basket, inside the step of the door, and he should tell the Magistrate what he had done with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him explain it to the Magistrate? A. Yes - he said he had picked up a cheque a short time before, and had been at a good deal of expense, and got nothing for his trouble, in finding the owner; and when he found it was not for money he threw it away.
Prisoner. I have no more to say than what I said at the office.


                  EDWARD 
                  HALL
               



            . The prisoner worked for me; I saw several sovereigns in his box a week before this occurred.




               GUILTY. Aged 22. Of larceny only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
