





452. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, one ridicule, value 5 s.; one knife, value 10 s.; one purse, value 4 s.; four yards of lace, value 4 s.; one pocket handkerchief, value 3 s., and twenty-seven shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lucy Ann 
                           Gozard
                        




                     
                   from her person
            .
MISS 
               
                  LUCY 
                  ANN GOZARD
               



            . On the 10th of January, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in London-fields, Hackney, and had a ridicule in my hand, containing this property, I was coming towards town, and near Exmouth-place


, some person came behind, and snatched it out of my hand. I had an opportunity of seeing his face - I turned round, and saw him running down Exmouth-place. I called,
"Stop thief! and was a good deal frightened. I did not see him laid hold of; but a young man who was before me, ran after him. I did not see whether he laid hold him - the prisoner was brought back in a quarter of an hour - my ridicule was produced.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. It was done so quick, you had no opportunity of seeing the person. - A. No; there were four or five examinations, I believe, before the magistrate. I did not understand that it was on account of insufficient evidence.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am assistant at Mr. Ayres' school, at Hackney. I was in the London-fields, and passed the prosecutrix, about fifty yards towards town; she had a ridicule in her hand, and was going towards town. I heard her call out, Stop thief! and saw a person run from her towards Exmouth-place; he was alone. I pursued and lost sight of him for about two minutes. I saw him come out of a private house, but had not seen him go in. I am sure the person who came out of the house was the same who I had seen running away. I went up and said,
"This is the man." Another person laid hold of him. I picked the ridicule up at his feet, and delivered it to Miss Gozard, who claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. What distance was he when you first saw him running. - A. About fifty or sixty yards. I had passed both the prisoner and prosecutrix before I particularly remarked him as I passed, and have not a doubt about him. I am sure he is the person who ran from the lady.


                  RICHARD 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live on CambridgeHeath. I was at work in Exmouth-place, at an unfinished house, about one hundred yards from the footpath, and heard the cry of Stop thief! The prisoner had got by the house - he was running alone, and the only person I could see. I pursued him, and at the bottom of Exmouth-place, I lost sight of him for a minute or two. Mr. Hayward pointed him out to me, and said,
"This is the man." I found him within twenty or thirty yards of where I lost sight of him. I believe nobody was in sight but the prisoner and Hayward. I saw the ridicule on the step where he stood - Hayward picked it up. I think it impossible for any body to drop it but the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. How near was he to it. - A. On the same step, about eighteen inches - it was on the step of a house enclosed with iron rails, and a fore court. I think no one could throw it there but him.
COURT. Q. Did he claim any acquaintance at that house. - No; it was Mr. Grout's house. - The door was shut.


                  FRANCES 
                  SUTTLING
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Grout. I cannot speak to the prisoner. A person was taken at our door; that person had knocked at the door. I opened it, and said that I wanted nothing, and shut it directly; he then gave a double knock. I opened it, and he threw down this lady's ridicule, and appeared very much flurried. I picked it up, and threw it out directly, and believe he was taken at the door.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOCKLEY
               



            . I live with my father in London-lane, London-fields. A person came to the door, and asked if we wanted any oranges; I said no; and he asked then if he might leave them at our house, which he did. I don't know who he was; but when the prisoner was in charge of a constable, he called for his oranges.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
