





594. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 1 wooden firkin, value 6d., and 1 bushel of sprats, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Elliott
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a carrier
, and live at Aylesbury. I go from there to Thame, in Oxfordshire. This firkin of sparts was in George-yard, Snow-hill


 - I saw them safe on the 7th of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning; I was going to take them home - I had put my name on the firkin, in chalk: between one and two o'clock I heard it was gone, and in five minutes I saw it again in Georgeyard: the prisoner was in custody - the chalk mark remained on the firkin, but the head was broken out, by falling down.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a stationer, and live in George-yard, Snow-hill. On the 7th of February, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another in the yard, watching about; four firkins and a chest of oranges stood ready to be loaded - I saw the prisoner take this firkin on his shoulder: the other person run away - he had been watching the booking-office while the prisoner stood at the cart; they hallooed after them - the prisoner threw the firkin down, which burst the lid out; he ran away, and was secured.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not the other man of more respectable appearance than the prisoner? A. No; they were about the same - he said a gentleman employed him to take it; I believe he got away from the officer, and struck him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HOOKER
               



            . I am a constable. About two o'clock I was under the gateway of the George inn, and heard something very heavy fall - I turned round, and saw the firkin lying down; a man called out Stop him! the prisoner ran towards me, and as he came near me he put his fists together, and fought his way by me, but I struggled with him about two minutes, and secured him, with assistance; when I got to the end of the yard, and turned my head to beckon to a man to assist me, he slipped out of my hand, and ran off; he dropped a handkerchief, which I suppose was meant to detain me: I did not stoop to pick it up, but ran and took him - I only lost sight of him as he turned the corner; I tore his jacket in the struggle, and found it still torn.
Cross-examined. Q. You lost sight of him? A. For one minute; when I attempted to take him he shewed resistance.


                  JAMES 
                  BRITAIN
               



            . I was on the near side of the cart when the prisoner was on the off side; I did not see him take the firkin, but saw him come from the cart with it, and I called after him; I saw him throw it down, and called Stop him! I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. He was not long in sight? A. I did not lose sight of him - they brought him back.(Firkin produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through George-yard, and a gentleman asked me to take a cask for him over Blackfriars-bridge; he said, "Come this way, and take that up;" I immediately took it up, and had not gone for before I heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round, a man collared me, and the cask fell down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
