





231. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, seventy-one printed books, in sheets, value 4 l. 19 s. 8 d., and seven hundred sheets of printed paper, value 4 l. 19 s. 8 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Nichol
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am ward beadle of Walbrook. On Friday evening, the 9th of January, about seven o'clock, I received information, and went to No. 2, Turnmill-lane, and in the area of the house, which is inhabited by Messrs. Lovegrove and Co., I found a bundle, containing a quantity of books in sheets, unbound - it was claimed as the prosecutor's.
Mr. 
               
                  BEVIS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am in partnership with Messrs. Longman and Co. I saw this bundle at the Mansion-house - it consisted of twenty-one printed books in sheets. They had been sent, on Friday night, the 9th of January, by our porter to Dowgate Wharf, directed to
"J. Jolly, Carlisle." It was our property till we had a receipt from Dowgate Wharf, of which 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Nichol
               



             is proprietor.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you see the parcel made up yourself. - A. I saw it after it was packed in brown paper.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SINCLAIR
               



            . I live in George-alley, and am street-keeper of Walbrook. Mr. Collins shewed me where this parcel was. I secreted myself in the doorway. About a quarter to seven o'clock I saw the prisoner coming down in a great hurry - he took the parcel up from the area as quickly as possible, and went off very quick, and unless I had been on the alert he would have got off. I sprung out and stopped him. He said a fish-woman told him it was laying there, and he thought he had as much right to it as anybody else. Mr. Green identified it at the Mansion House.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen the fish-woman since. - A. Never. The area has four steps, but he stooped over the rails and took it up. Anybody passing by could see it, if it had been daylight. It might be two feet from the pavement. There is a gas light about two doors off. The area is within one hundred yards of the wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Longman. On the 9th of January, I took this parcel to the wharf, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and left it with the wharfinger. I saw it at the Mansion House next day - I know it to be the same.


                  ROBERT 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . A am clerk to 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Nichol
               



            , proprietor of Dowgate Wharf. I received this parcel, and put it close to the counting-house door, outside, about half-past four o'clock - I gave a receipt for it. I did not miss it till I heard it was found, which was the same day, and know it to be the parcel. I do not know the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear to it. - A. No; it was directed and made up the same as this.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and passed the place where the parcel laid. I met a woman, who said,
"Young man, there is something in a paper over those rails - will you see what it is." I lifted it up, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
