





1691. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WINDUST
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, two caps, value 3 d.; two shifts, value 10 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d.; two nightgowns, value 10 s., two aprons, value 3 s.; a table-cloth, value 3 s.; two pockets, value 2 s.; a body of a petticoat, value 3 d.; four petticoats, value 6 s.; five pairs of stockings, value 8 s.; ten towels, value 3 s., and two gowns, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Pippen
               



             and 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Pippen
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Angel
               



            .
THIRD COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Mason
               



            .
MARY ANGEL. I take in washing
. On the 17th of October I went out with the cart to collect dirty linen; I received a bundle from Jane and Charlotte Pippen to wash; it contained the articles stated, according to the list which I received with it; I went on to Keppel-street, and then left John Mason to go with the cart to the Temple; I have seen some of the property since.
JOHN MASON. I am employed by Angel to drive the cart
; I took the bundle she has been speaking of, and went on to Temple-lane


; I saw the prisoner there, who asked me if he should look to the cart while I went away - I said No; I went up to Mr. Foster's office, but found no one there, but there was a note stating they would be there in half an hour; I went back to my cart to wait, and saw the prisoner again - he asked me what I was waiting for - I told him I had a sofa and a table to take, and the person would be there in half an hour - I stood talkingwith him some time till the gentleman came to his chambers; I followed him in, and left the prisoner to take care of the cart; I returned in about five minutes - he was gone, and the bag of linen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE GOODACRE
               



            . I live with Mr. Lorton, a pawnbroker, in Bishopsgate-street; I have a gown and petticoat pawned by the prisoner on the 17th of October.


                  SEPTIMUS 
                  SADLER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 17th of October the prisoner brought me some articles - I questioned him closely and he gave me very good answers, but I got an officer to take him to his lodgings; as they were leaving the house he stooped down to pick up a bag; the officer said he need not take it, but leave it with me - I found a number of articles of wearing apparel in it; the officer then went to the place where he stated he lived, but no tidings of him could be heard; I then gave charge of him, as I thought he had been robbing some poor woman - he said he had not; I then said I thought he had robbed some cart, and it would save a great deal of trouble to tell where he had got them; he said he had, and told the officer to go to No. 1, Temple-lane, where he left the cart and the man.
JANE PIPPIN. I have a sister named Charlotte - I delivered the bundle to the first witness to be washed - I know the articles to be ours.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
