





1132. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     SHERRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, three blankets, value 5 s.; three yards of carpet, value 4 s.; two pillows, value 4 s.; one pair of bellows, value 1 s., and one table-cloth, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Yandell
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 3d of July, I went to Mr. Yandell's house, in Wade-street, Poplar


, to the prisoner's room, and found it locked; she was inside. I told her I had come to enquire about the blankets: she said she had not got them - I asked if she had the duplicates; she said No. I burst the door open, and found several duplicates in the cupboard. She said if I would allow her to remain there till four o'clock, a friend was coming who would redeem them.


                  JOHN 
                  DODDS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dickers, a pawnbroker, of Limehouse. I have three pieces of carpet and a blanket pawned for three shillings, on the 30th of January, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Robinson
               



             - I do not know by whom; but the duplicate produced is that given to the person.


                  ELIZA 
                  YANDELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Yandell
               



            . On the 4th of January, the prisoner took a furnished lodging at my house. I missed the blankets, and asked her about them - she said she would get them when she had her half year's salary from the India-house. She has a pension of 25 l. a year - she had not said she was going to pawn them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
