





2. 
               
                  
                     AARON 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, one seal, value 3 l., and one key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Rowland 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROWLAND 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live in Upper Charlton-street, Fitzroy-square, and am a tailor
. On the 29th of October, about nine o'clock at night, I was going up Holborn


, passing French Horn-yard, between Red Lion, and Dean-street, the prisoner made a snatch at my watch and seals, he got off with the seals, and ran up the yard; I pursued, crying Stop thief! and the watchman secured him, without my losing sight of him - he gave me my property at the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. Have you seen the prisoner's father - A. He called on me, it was not by my desire. It was a dark night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Eagle-street, coming out of the watch-house, heard the cry ofStop thief! and caught the prisoner, who was running, and Turner following close behind - he delivered the seal and key to Turner, who gave them to Hatton.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Several people were running - A. Yes; but he was the first.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HATTON
               



            . I am a watchman. The property was given into my hands by the prisoner, who said he picked it up in the street.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been on an errand, and was returning about nine o'clock, and heard the cry - I joined the mob, and picked up the seal and key, in the gateway.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
