






Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
633. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  WILSON
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILEY
               




             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Brice
                     




                  , on the night of the 4th of March
, and stealing 1 cloak, value 3s.; 6 plates, value 1s.; 3 basins, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 4d.; 1 bolster, value 3s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 6d.; 7 candlesticks, value 7s.; 1 pestal and mortar, value 2s.; 1 ladle, value 1s.; 1 copper pot, value 2s.; 2 looking-glasses, value 6d.; 3 sheets, value 10s.; 1 warming-pan, value 1s.; 2 table-cloths, value 5s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; 1 yard of stuff, value 1s., and 1 saucepan, value 1s.
            , his property.
WILLIAM BRICE. I live in Bury-street, Edmonton


, and am a labourer
. On the 4th of March I had left my house for a fortnight; I locked it up, and had the key at my nephew's, where I was staying. On Sunday, the 5th, I received information, went there, and found all this property taken, and different places broken open.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GROVER
               



            . I am Brice's nephew - he had been ill at my house for a fortnight. I went to his house on Saturday afternoon, the 4th of March, between two and three o'clock; every thing was safe then - I locked it up, and brought him the key. Next morning, about eight, I received information, and in the afternoon I went to the house - I found every thing in confusion, the drawers open, and property gone. I had seen a great coat and copper pot there on Saturday.


                  LIDDA 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I live next door to Brice, and make his bed and wash for him - he had been absent nearly a fortnight. On Sunday morning, about half-past six o'clock, I got up, and directly I got to the door I found his shutter and window open, and the drawers open. I sent my husband to his nephew.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a watchman of Edmonton. I was with Sawyer in Mr. Smith's meads at Edmonton, and found a white petticoat and bolster in the hedge, about nine o'clock; I watched, and about eleven saw the prisoner Wilson go down to where they were; Bailey was about five yards behind him; they came away, and Wilson had something under his arm; they ran hard - I pursued for a mile, calling Stop thief! I secured Bailey, and under his smock-frock found a pillow-case, containing a black silk cloak, and several things; I locked him up, and returned to Sawyer, who was holding Wilson on the ground - he had six china plates and three basins in a bag.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. You found these things - what prevented their finding them? A. When I first saw the prisoners they were about fifty yards from the place, and they went strait up to where the bolster and petticoat lay.
COURT. Q. Did any body run from the cry of Stop thief! besides them? A. Only a gentleman, who pursued them. They started as hard as they could when they saw me.


                  GEORGE 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I was with Wallis, and saw Wilson go to the hedge; Wallis pursued - Bailey ran off as fast as he could; I pursued, and took Wilson, with a bag, containing 6 plates, and 3 basins, under his flannel jacket - I struggled with him till Wallis returned to my assistance.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BAILEY'S Defence. What Wallis has said is false - he did not follow us half a mile.
WILSON - GUILTY. Aged 40.
BAILEY - GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
