





1516. 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  BURKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Beard
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BEARD. I am carter
 to Mr. Draper, of Richmond. I came to town on the 26th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, with a load of garden-stuff; I put my horses up, and met the prisoner about three o'clock in the morning, in the market - she asked me to go with her and lay down an hour or two. I never saw her before - we went to her room somewhere in St. Giles'


 - I do not know the name of the street; I took my watch and money wrapped them in a handkerchief, and put them into my hat; I then fastened the door. We went to bed - I fell asleep, and was awoke in about twenty minutes, by the prisoner opening the door; I jumped out of bed, and went to my hat; my watch and money were gone; I charged her with it - she said I had no such things with me; she then went into another room, where a person was laying; I followed her; the prisoner said, "What do you want here?" I said, my watch and money - she said, "You had no watch." I looked about, but could not find it; I went and fetched the watchman up - she again denied it ten or twelve times, but after some time she drew it from her pocket, but she would not deliver up any money.


                  MORRIS 
                  LEONARD
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called up, and the prisoner denied the charge several times - when I said I would take her to the watch-house she drew the watch out of her pocket.
Prisoner's. Q. Did not you take it out of the man's hat? A. No; she threw away this purse, with the money in it.(Purse and watch produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the watch in the bed, and gave it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
