





778. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of a 
                     person unknown


                   from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            , I am a constable. On Sunday, the 25th of February, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was on Blackfriars-bridge, and saw the prisoner in company with five other persons, two of whom I knew; I watched them into Crown-court


, and saw the prisoner attempt to take a handkerchief several times, from a gentleman's pocket A lady was with the gentleman. I did not know who he was. About the middle of the court I saw him take it quite out - the others were with him; I laid hold of him immediately, but have never seen the gentleman since - I was quite alone. The other four went on as soon as I took the prisoner, and the gentleman got out of my sight. I took him into a fruiterer's shop - he resisted very much; while I was getting my handkerchief from my pocket to tie his hands, he rushed out - I secured him again on the step, and as I took him along he threw the handkerchief down.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear I took it - A. I do. I asked him if was marked, he said No, and it is marked C. F. 6 I live in Upper Rupert-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. About seven o'clock on the evening of the 25th of February, Mason and two gentlemen gave the prisoner into my custody in Pall Mall.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I have had the handkerchief some time. As I came through this court I was shoved into a shop by Mason, and the mistress pushed us out, Several told him to let me alone, and asked him for his authority - he said he had left it at home, and in the scuffle the handkerchief fell from me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
