





470. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREFFIS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of July
, with a certain offensive weapon (to wit) a knife, upon 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Kelly
                        




                     
                  , unlawfully, violently, and feloniously did make an assault, with intent to rob him, and his monies from his person and against his will, violently and feloniously to steal
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live at Paddington, and have the lease of the Kilburn tolls
. On the 26th of July, (which was the first day of West End fair) between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was collecting money from different gates. As I was standing against Kilburn gate


, Henley (who has since been executed), and Barratt (who was convicted), with five others, the prisoner was one, came up to the gate, and paid the toll to my collector. I received a blow from Henley over my hat, which cut my hat and head. He said,
"You b - g - r, how are you off for old iron! Do you want to transport another man for stealing iron?" - the blow stunned me. Before I could lift my hat up they all got out of the cart, and hustled and throttled me, so that I was almost choaked; I felt them pulling my watch, but they could not get it out. Barrat and the prisoner took hold of me by my neck-handkerchief; I had 320 l. in my pocket, and put my hand there to secure it. My hand was cut by some sharp instrument - I have the mark of it now; it was either Barratt or the prisoner who did it. Some people came to my assistance, and they all got into the cart, and drove off towards the fair. I saw the prisoner and Barratt next day, and seized the prisoner, but he got from me. I did not see him again until the 9th of this month, when he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. You was alarmed - A. Yes, and I have had messages sent me that I should not live if I prosecuted him.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. I met the cart about a quarter of a mile from the gate; six or seven people were in it - the prisoner was one.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am constable of St. Marylebone. On the 9th of February I apprehended the prisoner. He asked me if I took him for a row in Bell-street? and said he hoped it was not for Kelly's charge, for if it was so he was done.

Prisoner's Defence. I never asked him any such a question.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
