






1792. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  GRAHAM
               




             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 60 penny-pieces, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        McGoverin
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Braham
                     



.
RICHARD BRAHAM. I am servant
 to James McGoverin, of Buckeridge-street. On the 12th of June I was in Buckeridge-street


, and had these penny-pieces in a basket; I put it on a post to rest; Graham came and took them out - there were four more girls with her - she was the first who came up; I did not see her take them, but I missed them in four minutes: a woman behind me said I was robbed by one of those girls; I laid down the basket to go after them, and saw Smith, who was one of the four, drop the 5s. paper of halfpence - I took it up - I lost two papers, but only found one.


                  MARY 
                  DONNELLY
               



            . On the evening of the 12th of July, I saw Braham resting his basket on a post, near the corner of Church-street, St. Giles' - I stood talking to him - these young women came up; Graham took the paper of halfpence out of the basket, and passed it to Smith; I told him of it, and helped him down with his basket, while he pursued them - I saw the paper brought back.
Prisoner SMITH. Q. Was there not a fight in the street? A. There was a crowd, but I saw no fight; Braham had 10l. worth of copper in his basket. I at first thought she took it in fun, till she gave it to Smith.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am a beadle. I was sent for, and took up the prisoners; I went up into their room, but had a great difficulty to take them.
GRAHAM's Defence. I stood by, but did nothing to the basket; I said, "That man has taken something;" this woman came, and said, "How dare you say so? it is more likely to be one of you."
SMITH's Defence. He struck Graham, and made her nose bleed; I took her up stairs to wipe her face, and the beadle came and took us.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRAHAM
               



            . I struck at her, as she appeared to be coming towards the basket again, but did not hit her.
GRAHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
