





455. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, one box, value 5 s.; one pelisse, value 2 l., and nine dresses, value 6 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charlotte 
                     Brown
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live with Mrs. Ruddell, in Tottenham-court-road. I was going to my place - I had left my box in the country, and wrote for it to be left at the White Horse-cellar, till called for. On the 12th of February. I called a chariot to drive up to the White Horse-cellar - the prisoner drove it; I got in with my trunk, and told him to drive to my lodgings in Castle-court, Oxford-market


, which he did. I got out, and was not four minutes going up with my band-box - when I came down, he had drove off with the trunk. I went to the stand in Piccadilly, and told the waterman of it; and next day he gave us information. I have lost all my clothes.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. What time was this - A. About twenty minutes past eight o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a waterman. This chariot was on my stand in Piccadilly twice on this night - two man were with it. I do not know the number. Another man, besides the prisoner, then got on the box: in about half an hour, the same chariot came into the ranks with the two men; one got down - he had a drab coat and top boots on; and when the chariot was called, he led the horses to the White Horse-cellar.
Cross-examined. Q. One Tuxford drove - A. He led the horses down. I know nothing of the prisoner - I did not see him there. I cannot say he is, or is not the man; but if he was there, I did not see him.
COURT. Q. Does not the prisoner drive a chariot - A. Yes; a yellow bodied one. Whether he is one of the men I do not say.


                  GEORGE 
                  ODDY
               



            . I am an officer. The waterman came to the office with the prosecutrix - he said, Tuxford pulled down the chariot, and Stevens was the driver. Next morning I enquired, and found Stevens drove to one Lukey, on the other side of the water. I went there, and found four brothers, named Stevens; and asked who drove the chariot that day - the master said, one of them had been asking him leave to go to Bow-street. I took the prisoner and his brother William; the prisoner's chariot was ready, and I took them both to Bow-street. The prisoner then drove me to Marlborough-street, as we could not find the prosecutrix; he then drove me to her lodgings, and found she was gone to Bow-street. I took them both there - the prosecutrix said the prisoner was the man; she had no hesitation about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it to my counsel.
ROBERT BANKS. I am an auctioneer. On the 12th of February, about seven o'clock, I put an old gentleman in a chariot, in Leicester-square, to go to Titchfield-street. I cannot say that the prisoner drove: I know his family, but not him. The coachman said,
"How do you do, Mr. Banks;" but it being dark, I will not say it was him; and an explanation has since been given, by which I recollect his family.


                  SARAH 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cole. About eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner drove him home in his chariot to Titchfield-street, Oxford-market; he was sometime getting out of the chariot, which made me notice the prisoner. Mr. Cole is lame - he helped him into the passage. It was a yellow bodied chariot.
Q. You only saw him from the chariot to the door - A. No - he had a brown coat on.
- . I am a waterman of the stand in Oxford-street. The prisoner came on the stand with his chariot at a quarter past eight o'clock this night.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             re-examined. Q. How came you to mention the name of Stevens - A. I learnt that.


                  GEORGE 
                  ODDY
               



             re-examined. He said, he would swear his name was Stevens.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BROWN
               



             re-examined. A man drew the chariot down. I do not know whether that was the prisoner, as I went into the office while the porter looked for the trunk; in the meantime, two men came to the horses' head, when the chariot came out, the other man left, and the prisoner asked the porter to assist him with the box. I am certain the prisoner drove me - he had a large blue top coat with capes.

GEORGE ODDY re-examined. I fetched his great coat from his coach, as she described it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
