





22. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANGEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, one coat, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Pelerim 
                     Dutton
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PELERIM DUTTON
               



            . I live on Tower Hill. - This coat was stolen from Mr. Cohen's counting-house, Swithen's-lane


. I left it there between six and eight o'clock in the evening, and on returning about nine in the morning, I found it was stolen; I saw it at the Mansion-house that morning with the prisoner in custody - the counting-house door was open when I left.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was crossing from the end of Cornhill to the Mansion-house, and saw the prisoner coming down Lombard-street, with something in a handkerchief under his arm, he passed me, and turned down Charlotte-row; I went up and felt the bundle, and asked what he had got, he said a blue coat, which he was going to take to Crown-court, Fleet-street, that he brought it from Mr. White's, No. 15, Fenchurch-street. I found it did contain a blue coat, I said,
"Don't tell me a lie, and send me to Fenchurch-street to no purpose;" he said," I will tell you the truth, a man, at the corner of Lombard-street, gave me the coat to carry to Mr. Smith's, in Crown-court." I went to No. 15, Fenchurch-street, but could find no Mr. White there; I then went to Crown-court, and found that one Smith had lived at No. 9, some time back, but nobody at No. 3. I returned, and Mr. Dutton claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave it to me to take to Smith, a tailor, No. 3, Crown-court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
