





1326. 
               
                  THOMAS LEWIS 
                  STYLES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 1 gold neck-chain, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dobson
                     




                   and others, his masters, in the dwelling-house of the said Thomas Dobson
            .


                  HENRY 
                  GLOVER
               



            . The prisoner has been shopman
 to Mr. Thomas Dobson, and others, jewellers
, of Leadenhall-street


, for about seven weeks. On the 11th of April, as I went to a back door, I picked up a small coral necklace; I made strict inquiry about it of the prisoner and every person in the house, but could get no information; in about an hour the prisoner came to me, and said, "Mr. Glover, I am sorry anybody should be blamed for my errors, as it respects that coral necklace; I dropped it myself:" he said he had a commission from his mother to get a necklace of that description for his sister and he had taken it to show her, and on Monday he should return it, or pay the money; I said it was a thing he had no right to do, and sent for Mr. Dobson into the warehouse; I then said Styles had said he had dropped the necklace, and that he wished to show it to his mother; I should have said he was about to leave us; we thought it prudent to have him searched, and sent for an officer: when the officer came, he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out a variety of articles of his employer's property: he delivered up the key of his trunk, in which were found other articles mentioned in another indictment; a duplicate of the gold neck-chain was found in a pocket-book, on his person - he said it was our property.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. All he said was, that it was your's? A. Yes, I am one of the partners.


                  THOMAS 
                  EMBERSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and have a gold neck-chain, pawned by the prisoner, on the 7th of April, for 4l. - that is nearly the value.


                  GEORGE 
                  FITCH
               



            . I took him in charge.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of 80s. only.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
