





1444. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gadsby
                     




                  , 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 14 sovereigns, two 10l. and six 5l. Bank notes, and one 5l. promissory note, his property
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM GADSBY. I am groom
 to Lord 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Bentic
               



            , and have been so for thirty years, but have not been much in town; we have been hunting for the last sixteen years. On the 26th of May, about half-past five o'clock, or near six, I was in Holborn, near Fleet-market - the prisoner tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Ah! Mr. Gadsby - how long have you been from Nottinghamshire?" I said,"I have been here since Tuesday last, but I don't know you;" he said, "No, but you know a man who lives under the Duke of Portland, and has a large farm;" I said,"The Duke has several large farms;" we walked on together; he said, "The man I mean is a horse-dealer, and keeps a public-house;" I said, "Then it is Ben Smith;" he said, "Yes it is - he is my own cousin." I asked where he himself came from - he said from Lincolnshire; he asked when I was to return; we had a good deal of conversation; I told him I was to return next night, from the Angel, St. Martin's-le-grand, and had just taken my place; I asked where he lived in town - he said in John-street, Islington, and that he had only come that day; we talked about the country. He said he wondered I did not know him, for he was at his cousins five or six weeks back, and I had brought a message about a horse - I recollected that, but did not tell him so; we went on - he said, "You was not at Lincoln fair;" I said No - he said his cousin was there, and had a wrangle about a horse - I had heard about that; we walked on - he looked up, and said, "What place is this?" I said, "Holborn; you must be as strange as I am" - he then asked if I would go with him to a public-house while he wrote to his cousin, as there was a little difference between them, which might be settled by a letter, and they were both interested in it - he asked if I would carry the letter for him. He was dressed like a country farmer, and had corded breeches on; he had the same on at Bow-street, but had a fine pair of overalls over them then; I said I would not go into a public-house, but if he would call on me at the Duke of Portland's I would take the letter - I was then turning into Lincoln's Inn-fields, going home - he said his business lay at Islington, but as he was walking for recreation he would go with me a little way. When he got into Lincoln's Inn-fields he looked about, and said, "There are no carriages here - what place is it?" I said, "You are as big a stranger as I am;" we got into Queen-street - he said, "Here is a public-house, I'll treat you with a glass of any thing, if you will go in while I write the letter;" we went up into a parlour - he asked what I would take; I said only a little beer; he called for half beer and half ale; he pulled out his book, and said, "I want change for a sovereign," and said to me, "These are the things to go through life with - sovereigns and Bank of England notes are the things to keep - country notes will be run on, as they have been before." A man came in, who appeared to me to be muddled in liquor, and asked if a lady had been to inquire for him - we said No; he asked how long we had been there - we said only a few minutes, and he had better inquire of the landlord - he went, and came back; he then said he had got a great deal of money, and had 170l. a year left him; and was going to marry a clergyman's daughter, and she had a good deal; he threw his money on the table; I then said to the prisoner, "Come - here is no paper here, and I want to be going;" he said, "No, there is no accommodation here - we will go on;" we went on - the drunken man came out, and said he wanted to go to Wiltshire; I said, "I will show you where there is a coach, and will see that no harm comes of you;" the prisoner said, what a good thing it was that he had fallen into our hands. I then said I had to go to Wild-street; I went to a grocer's shop there, to buy some tea, and when I returned the prisoner stood at the top of Wild-street; he then said he would go into another public-house, in Long-acre


 - we didso, and found the drunken man sitting there, with a glass of liquor before him; the prisoner then asked for pen and paper, and said, "Bring a glass of brandy and water;" they brought it with pen and ink, but no paper; three persons, who looked like gentlemen, came in; they went into another seat, and began to play - the drunken man played with them. The prisoner then shook a hat, with halfpence in it, gambled with the drunken man, and won a sovereign of him; I said that was not right - he said he did not mean to keep it, and gave it him again. About two glasses of brandy and water were drank; the drunken man then offered me money to take care of him; I had never seen him before; I did not like their going on, and said I would go- the prisoner said if I would give him my direction he would call on me, and then said he would meet me at the Angel next night, and go into the country with me, to see his cousin; I then took out my pocket-book, to get the case of a letter, to write my direction on; the drunken man took hold of the book, shook it, and said, "You have sovereigns there;" the prisoner then laid his hand on it, and said,"Here are notes as well as money" - I put my hand on it, and said, "Let my book alone;" I took it up, put it into my left side breast pocket, and said I would go; the drunken man then came again, and offered me money to let him go with me; the prisoner then took and shook the left breast of my coat, and said, "Take it, take it;" I said, "No; I will go directly." I took up my umbrella, and away I went - they both followed me down the stairs, and before I had got far along the street the prisoner came and said,"Mr. Gadsby, where is the man?" I said I did not know; he said, "I suppose he is forward, in the crowd;" I said,"You may go after him, for I won't" - he went. The three gentlemen said to me in the public-house, "What a good old gentleman you are to take care of that man." - When I got home to the Duke of Portland's I went to take out my pocket-book - it was gone, and this brown paper parcel was there - he must have taken my pocket-book out, and put this in instead of it, when he shook my coat - no man had laid hands on me but the prisoner. My pocketbook contained two 10l. and six 5l. Bank notes, fourteen sovereigns, and a 5l. Leicester note, payable in London. - The prisoner was taken next day, at the Black Horse public-house, in the Borough - he was then dressed quite like a gentleman.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. How many public-houses had you been to that day? A. Only to the two I have mentioned; I had part of the brandy and water, and a little porter - I had dined at home - I drank nothing else; I left the second public-house about eight o'clock, or a quarter before; I missed my money about a quarter or twenty minutes past eight o'clock; he took hold of my coat with one hand - I did not see him put the other hand to me - I did not look at him particulary; he must have put his other hand into my pocket; I was about three yards from the other men; I was about a quarter of an hour in the house - I did not talk with the three men at all; I do not know what has become of the drunken man; I was in town about two years ago; I do not know how he learnt my name; I heard my sovereigns jingle when my book was on the table; when the prisoner was taken he had got some bright farthings - it was a sovereign he wanted changed; I did not go out of my way with him; I am still in his Lordship's service; when he took hold of my coat the table was not between us - I was at the end of it, and he was close to me.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner say that Ben Smith, who keeps the public-house, was his cousin? A. Yes.


                  SARAH 
                  CARN
               



            . My sister keeps the Coachmaker's Arms, Long-acre. I recollect seeing the prosecutor and prisoner in the club-room, on the 26th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening - four other persons were there; I did not see any of the transaction.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at Norton, in Nottinghamshire, and keep the Tiretius public-house. I do not know the prisoner - he is not my cousin; I had a wrangle about a horse at Lincoln-fair, and got my horse again. I am a servant to the Duke of Portland, and keep a public-house as well.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at Martin's, the prize-fighter, the Black Horse public-house, Blackman-street; I found on him a book, five new farthings, and a piece of a country note; he had on a pair of white trowsers over corded breeches and top boots.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not deny being with him - he said he was a stranger; I sat on the opposite side of the table to him, and the drunken man at his side; I got the farthings at Mrs. Seely's, where I live; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
