






642. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BEAKS
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d. of February
, 10 live tame fowls, price 20s., and 1 thermometer, value 1s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  King
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Beckenham. On the 2d of February, I was coming from Hanworth, at half-past eleven o'clock at night, when I saw the two prisoners standing still, in company together, in a cross-road that leads to Hounslow; they saw my dog, and I said, "It is only Henry Hubbard." I knew them both before; Chapman lived at Twickenham, and Beaks used to live at Hampton. Beaks said to Chapman, "Find the jemmy." Chapman said, "You find it," and he found it by the ditch - I said, "Let me look at it." which they did, and I asked what the round end was for; they said, "For staple work." I then went on to Mr. Simmons's, and gave information: we went and laid wait for them about seven or eight yards from Mr. King's - they came up, passed, and walked on. We heard a crash, similar to a door being opened - I said, "I think they have got in." We then went and fetched two more men from a little distance - we waited there till about half-past three o'clock, and then saw the prisoners come out with some wet linen, ten fowls, and this thermometer: they were together, and had the property on their shoulders - we went afterwards and saw they had opened a door to get into the hen-house.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a constable of Twickenham. Hubbard gave me information, I went and laid wait with him; I did not see the prisoners go into the house, but they came out at the back, and threw the bundles over the pails - I jumped out of the hedge and followed them: Beaks was stopped by an officer in about an hour; I am quite sure they are the men. I examined the premises, and found they had broken open the door of the out-house - the crow-har was found on Beaks.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I was one of the persons who laid in wait; what the witness has stated is true.


                  EDWARD 
                  FISHER
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! about four o'clock on Monday morning - I saw Beaks come along the road without his hat; I took him, and found this crow-bar and these twenty one keys on him - some of them are skeleton keys.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . I keep the house, which was broken open. I lost ten fowls, and this thermometer from my green-house, it is marked, "J. Young, Hampton." The hen-house was broken open, but the green-house was not locked: they opened a gate to get into the garden. I saw the fowls before the magistrates, but they have not been kept.
BEAKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners, which was not tried.
