





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1343. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, two half crowns, fifteen shillings, and four sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Conner
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Mary his wife

.


                     MARY 
                     CONNER
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Conner
               



            , a labourer
, we live in Oxford-buildings. On the 6th of October, I was going to redeem a pledge, and had 25 s. in my pocket; a fight was going to take place in the Edgware-road


. I went towards the mob, and while I stood there, I felt a hand in my pocket, I turned round, laid hold of the prisoner's hand in my pocket, and held it while I gave him three slaps of the face, and said,
"You monkey, you have been picking my pocket;" the mob desired me to let the child go, and I did. I felt in my pocket, and missed all my money, except 3 s., turned round again, and laid hold of him - a constable came up and took him. I said he had picked my pocket, and that I had 25 s.; he then said he had 25 s. belonging to his mother, who was a drunkard, and gave it to him to take care of. I said,
"I have 3 s. left, so that you have not got 25 s." - he was searched, and only 14 s. 6 d. found on him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHEESE
               



            . I am a constable. An alarm was given, I went up, and found Conner holding the prisoner; she said he had robbed her, and mentioned 25 s.; he said
"Yes, I have 25 s., my poor mother gets drunk, and gave it me to take care of." I found 14 s. 6 d. in his side pocket; he said he supposed he had lost the rest, but afterwards said two lads about eighteen years old gave it him; his pocket appeared to be made for the purpose, it ran down the face of his coat from top to bottom.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 8.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
