






855. 
               
                  
                     DAVID WILLIAM 
                     STEPHENSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     STEVENS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, six yards of muslin, value 10 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 20 s., and a yard of silk, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pincott
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PINCOTT
               



            . I live in Oxford-street


, and am a linen-draper
. The male prisoner was my shopman
 - the female prisoner used to come backwards and forwards for his washing; he lived with me till Tuesday, the 20th of April, when my young man gave me some information, and I went down to the back kitchen, where I discovered six yards of printed muslin, concealed under some boards. My premises were then under repair. I desired my young man to watch who would come for them. I went outside, where I saw the prisoner 
               
                  Ann 
                  Stevens
               



            ; she asked me if Stephenson was at home; I said he was, and came in and told him his washerwoman wanted him - he went out, and my young man came up and gave me some further information - Stephenson was then gone up stairs; I went to the stair-case, and sent for an officer; and when he came down I took him by the arm, and said,
"You are my prisoner;" he had two bundles of foul linen with him - I desired my young man to open them, and enclosed in one of them I found the same six yards of printed muslin, and two shawl handkerchiefs. I went to the place where the muslin had been concealed, and it was gone. I had never sold him anything of the sort, and am sure that they then formed part of my stock. The female prisoner was searched by the officer, who found several duplicates, one was for some silk, which had been stolen prior to this time.
Cross-examined. Q. When you went down to the kitchen did you examine the muslin - A. Yes; I put my private mark on all the articles in my shop. I found it on the piece in the kitchen - when I saw it in the bundle I saw the same mark. I had no more of that pattern. He lived in my house; he occupied a room with another young man.


                  THOMAS 
                  BONNER
               



            . I live at Mr. Pincott's. On the 20th of April the carpenters were there at work; they had occasion to go down to the kitchen for some wood, and in consequence of something they said I went down, and saw the print under some boards in the back kitchen. I gave information to Mr. Pincott immediately; he came down and saw it there - he desired us all to be silent, and placed me to see who came for it. In about an hour the prisoner came to the place, and staid about a minute - he then went up stairs; I went immediately to the place, and the muslin was gone. I had seen the handkerchiefs in the shop which I found in the bundle of dirty linen. The prisoner was near me, and saw the bundle opened; he said nothing at the time. The private mark is on them.
Cross-examined. Q. When had your master taken stock - A. In August or September last. When goods are sold the private mark is generally cut off. Any of the workmen might have gone into the room. I saw the prisoner come down and go to the place, but I did not see him take anything. I could not get out of the kitchen in time to stop him, but I followed him up stairs.


                  GEORGE 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoners into custody. The goods were found before I arrived. I have kept the goods ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to).
MR. PINCOTT re-examined. Q. This is your private mark; but as articles are sold with the private mark on, will you swear that these articles had not been sold - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn.
STEPHENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STEVENS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
