





1666. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SEARS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 9 sovereigns, and 18 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Whitehouse
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHITEHOUSE
               



            . I am a boatman
. I was at the canal in the City-road, and on the 12th of August I went with 
               
                  George 
                  Yarnell
               



             to the King's Bench; on returning we met with the prisoner and another - we went to a public-house, had a pot of beer and a drop of gin, and afterwards I went home with her to Chequer-alley


; Yarnell went to the same house with the other woman - the prisoner and I went into the one pair room, and Yarnell and the other to the room above; before we parted to go to sleep we had all been in one room together, and had a gallon of beer, or half and half - I had rather too much; when I went into the room with the prisoner, I found a young man under the bed - I called down Yarnell, and he turned him out; the prisoner and I then went to bed - I cannot say that I locked the door; I believe I went to sleep, but whether the prisoner did or did not I do not know - at six o'clock in the morning Yarnell came down and said, "Come, Whitehouse, I am done clean, how are you?" he took hold of my small clothes, and there was nothing in them; my purse, the keys ofthe cupboard of my boat, and some papers, were lying on the floor, but the money was all gone - there had been nine sovereigns in my fob, and 18s. in my purse; I put ten sovereigns into my fob as I was going to the Bench, as I thought there might be some street rows - I afterwards took one out, and changed it to pay for the beer; when I awoke in the morning the prisoner was gone - we went to Paddington, came back to the same room, and met the landlord of the house; he said, "One of your mates is quite drunk" - we went up to the room, and saw the prisoner as drunk as an owl; I said to her, "If you will give what is left, I will not hurt you" - she up with an oath, and d-d my mortal eyes, she struck at me twice, but I kept off the blow; she was taken into custody, but I never got 1d. of my money.


                  GEORGE 
                  YARNELL
               



            . I went to this house, and had a girl up stairs, and so had he; I was done clean, as well as him - I was not drunk, I knew what I was doing; he had some liquor, and was rather further gone than I was - he called me down: there was a man under the bed, and I took him out - I did not observe whether there was a lock to the door.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a boatman. I went with these two men, and had some drink - they said they had had their pockets picked; I went with them to Chequer-alley and saw the prisoner - she began to wink and laugh at me; I went and sat down by her - she said the people down stairs took the money, gave her two sovereigns, and she had bought a Leghorn bonnet, a shawl, and a pair of stockings; Whitehouse said she had better give him the money, and he would say no more about it - she said, "How much did you lose?" he said, "You know;" she said, "If you will let me go down stairs, I will go and find the money; if it costs me my life."


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 13th of August - she was very tipsy.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the road; they came and asked where I was going - I said, "Any where;" they asked me to have something to drink; two females came up, and one of them said she had 2d. towards half a pint of gin - they were then going away, and he told me to call one of them back, who lived with me, which I did; we afterwards went to several other places and drank, and then went home - when we got to my room my brother was there; he said he should not be there; he called the other man down to put him out, and said he should come up stairs and sleep with him - we then went to bed; the prosecutor got up and said he was very thirsty, he wanted some water - I said I could not get any; he struck me twice, and I had a black eye - I went to try to get some beer, and could not; a young woman said I could get some in Smithfield - we stopped there drinking; when I got back there were four of them in the room.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
