






SEVENTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 1822.
1105. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     VALENTINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May

, one hundred and thirty-two pounds of candles, value 28 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pain
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRADSHAW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
EDWARD 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PAIN
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pain
               



            , a wax-chandler
; who lives at Graven-hill, Paddington. I assist in my father's business. On Saturday morning, the 25th of May, these candles were missed from the manufactory; the prisoner Valentine was a stranger; I was in town on the afternoon of that day, and being informed of the loss, went to Bow-street, and then to Mr. Stevens's, where I found three pounds of wax candles. I then went to Bradshaw's house, Francis-street, Tottenham-court-road, and found the rest. We missed eleven dozen and a half in all. Bradshaw said he had bought them of Valentine. I went and got an officer.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Bradshaw produced them immediately - A. Yes. I saw one paper behind the counter, and the rest in the parlour; he said he bought them of a person who was sitting in the parlour; but I saw nobody there - I did not go in; there is a way out of the parlour without coming through the shop; he deals in rags and fat. I attended before the Justice. Bradshaw offered to give every assistance he could, and bring witnesses to prove his case. Francis-street is a respectable street.


                  RAYMOND 
                  PAIN
               



            . I live at the manufactory. I missed the candles about a quarter before nine o'clock, on the 25th of May; they were safe the night before. I missed eight dozen and a half of wax short threes, and two dozen and a half of wax short fours, and six pounds of wax long fours; they were kept in the tying-up room. An iron-bar had been forced away to get in. I acquainted my father. I found the candles at the office, and knew them. We never sell goods at the manufactory; the town house is in Berwick-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAGUE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Pain. I was told of this just before nine o'clock in the morning, and found the bar was bent, so that a man could get through. I had seen the property safe at ten o'clock at night. I found five pounds of them at Stevens's, in Tottenham-court-road, and, in consequence of what he told me, I went to Bow-street; and from there to Bradshaw's, with an officer; it appeared like a rag and bottle shop. I found the candles; some were unpacked; I knew the paper they were in by our stamp being on them; he is a dealer in grease.


                  JOHN 
                  CAPES
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of June, I apprehended Valentine at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , Devonshire-street, Queen-square. I asked if his name was Valentine; he said it was not. I also asked if he was a servant out of place, he said No; he said his name was David Mimms. I asked if he knew anybody in Gower-street; he said No. I then asked if he knew any one in Francis-street; he said No; he said he was a linen-draper from Newport Pannel. I asked him if he could refer me to anybody who knew him; he said he could, and asked me what made me put so many questions to him; I said I was looking for a person, and he seemed to answer the description - and asked if he would walk to a person who would give an account of him. As he was not willing to go, I asked if he would walk with me to Francis-street, and that would satisfy my suspicious; he came out to go, and went with me through Queen-square, and going through the passage into Southampton-street, he asked if I was an officer. I said Yes - he said he thought he knew my business; I said,
"Your name is 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Valentine
               



            , is it not?" he said Yes; and he supposed it was about the wax candles - and asked where Bradshaw was; I said in custody - he said he was sorry for it. I told him to be cautious what he said; he told me that he was in Rhodes's-fields, where they were making hay, and two men came up to him heavily laden, and said they had some goods to dispose of, if he would buy them, as they were in want of money; he found they were candles - they asked 5 l. for them; he offered them 2 l., and gave it them; that they said they had brought them from Northampton.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You questioned him without telling him your business - A. Yes. Bradshaw had given information which led to his detection.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BOWYER
               



            . I am an Excise-officer; my office is on the first floor of Bradshaw's house. About eight o'clock in the morning of the 25th of May, I was called out of my office by Bradshaw. I went into the parlour and saw Valentine. Bradshaw said he was buying candles of Valentine, and wished me to write the receipt for him; he gave me a stamp. I then asked Valentine if he sold the candles for himself, or for anybody else; he said not for himself, but for 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            ; he said the price was 2 s. per pound, and the quantity was one-hundred and thirty-nine pounds. I think I cast it up and told 
               Bradshaw
             the amount; he said I was right, and as I wrote the receipt, I observed it was a great weight; before that, Valentine had told me that Smith was a servant in some great family - and that he had known him ten years, and that the gentleman he lived with was going to break up his establishment, and had remunerated Smith for his services with these things among others. I handed the receipt to Valentine to sign, which he did, and I went away.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you see the candles - A. They asked if I would look at them; but I was in a hurry.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long has your office been in his house - A. Twelve months; they could have done their business without me if they liked; there was no secret in it; the shop door was open. Bradshaw bears a good character.


                  GEORGE 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th ofMay, Pain came about this; I went to Stevens's shop in Tottenham-court-road, and found some candles; in consequence of what he said, we went to Bradshaw's, and found one hundred and thirty-two pounds of candles there; there was a number of papers laying about; he gave up the candles immediately, with the receipt; and said he bought them of a young man who was then in the parlour. I had seen a person coming out of the side door just before. I immediately went into the parlour - nobody was there; the person who came out was dressed as Valentine was at the time he was apprehended. Bradshaw pointed out the candles - they were in the parlour, and the door was open.
(Receipt read.)
Received of Mr. Bradshaw, 13 l. 18 s. for one hundred and thirty-nine pounds of damaged wax-candles, at 2 s. per pound, for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  DANIEL 
                  VALENTINE
               



            .
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Was there anything like concealment - A. Not at all. I saw the person leave the door just before I went in. Mr. Pain had gone in before me, and while he was in the shop the man came out. Bradshaw gave every assistance in his power to detect him; he was out day and night with me; and I believe he offered a reward of 10 l., but I am not certain.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAGUE
               



            . These papers have a stamp on them - and the candles are stamped
"Pain, 91, Bernard-street."
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q, They are broken - A. Many of them are, and the tops of some of them are just lit; some are not at all damaged; they were not so when at the manufactory. We give about 2 s. a pound for pieces.
BRADSHAW'S Defence. I am innocent.


                  THOMAS 
                  KNOWLES
               



            . I am a wax and tallow-chandler, and live in Orange-street, Red Lion-square. I have known Bradshaw six years. On Saturday morning he brought me some wax candles in a paper, and said he had an offer from a person who he knew very well, in the service of gentlemen in the neighbourhood, to sell him some candles. I told him they were very old and stale. I consulted my uncle, and told him he ought not to give more than 2 s., for I would only give him 2 s. 2 d.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  COLLETT
               



            . On the 25th of May, I was at Bradshaw's house; he said he had some candles which he was going to take down to Mr. Pain, and asked me to accompany him. I saw them put into a basket to be carried there - this was about twelve o'clock; a heavy storm had come on before, which I supposed detained him; he was going to sell them to Pain, as he said he supposed the maker would give the best price.
- STEVENS. Part of the candles were found at my shop; I had bought them of 
               Bradshaw
             an hour or two before. I gave 2 s. a pound, and 2 s. 4 d. for long pieces. I did not observe Mr. Pain's name on it, till Mr. Pain shewed it to me.
VALENTINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BRADSHAW - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
