





2014. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     DENNIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 6 sovereigns, and 1 farthing
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Werry
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WERRY
               



            . I am cooper on board a ship
. I saw the prisoner on the 13th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, in the Commercial-road; she asked me to go home with her - I went to a house, occupied by Mr. Davies, with her, and to one of the chambers up stairs; I said I would go and get something to drink - she said I should send: I said I wanted change for a half-sovereign - she called Davies to get it; she brought me back 9s. 3d. change, and half a pint of gin. When I went to the house I had a 5l. note, ten sovereigns, a half-sovereign and a shilling; I gave Davies 3d., and the prisoner 2s., and then a half-crown; I took off my jacket, and put it under the head of the bed, and laid down on the bed - the prisoner had part of her clothes off; she went out of the room, got a wash-hand basin, turned it down, and sat upon it - I heard some money rattle, got up, and said, "You are robbing me;" she said, "I am not - lie still:" I got my jacket, and missed six sovereigns - she went down, and went out of the house; I followed her, and she called me a scaley fellow - I went back, put on my things, and got an officer; we went to the house which she had gone into, but she had escaped; the officer found her - she ran into a rag-shop.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long had you been on shore? A. I came on Saturday week; I had been paid that day, and went straight to the Commercial-road, where I met her; I had not taken any beer or spirits - I did not invite her to go with me; I should have gone on board at one o'clock - the first thing we had at the house was half a pint of gin; we then had the same again, but the woman who brought it drank with us - we afterwards had half a pint of rum; I will not swear we had no more - I might be two hours in the house - I was not tipsy, but a little animated; she had 4s. 6d. of me besides the liquor - I counted my money in the house, while she was gone for Davies to get the liquor; she did not see it - it was all in one pocket - any person might have taken the whole; I am sure I gave her no sovereigns - I did not drink so much as she did: she was rather tipsy - she was taken in about half an hour.


                  MARY 
                  ECCLES
               



            . I am married. When this piece of work was I saw the prisoner in the street with the prosecutor - she said to him, "You might have spoken to me in a proper manner, and not have made such a piece of work"- she took him to her own house; he stopped a short time, and then came out to get an officer; the prisoner then fastened the door, and threw some water over some people who were standing outside - the officer came, but she got out the back way; he found her afterwards, and took her- I saw her in charge, and followed her to Lambeth-street office - as she was going along she loosened her pocket and dropped it; I took it up, and gave it to Thompson, who I saw give it to Healey.
Cross-examined. Q. What house did she come out of with the sailor? A. Out of Davies', and went to her own house; she was dragging him by the hand, and said if he would come with her she would make all right - he left her in her own house to get the officer; in going to the office she said her things were loose - the officer said, "Tie them;" she then put her hand into her pocket-hole, broke the string, and let her pocket fall.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY FRASCH
               



            . I am a clerk. I was standing in the Commercial-road, talking to an officer; two or three people came up, and said the woman had run down Cannon-street-road - the officer told me to run after her; I turned down Richard-street, and saw the prisoner and a man; she ran into a rag-shop - I took her, and gave her to Thompson.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALEY
               



            . The prisoner was brought to Lambeth-street Office, and given into my charge; Thompson, the officer, had this pocket in his hand - I found in it six sovereigns, two shillings, one half-crown, and one farthing.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the money - he was very much intoxicated.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALEY
               



            . He did not appear tipsy; she did not say this at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
