





875. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  MORTIMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, a pair of sheets, value 20 s., and two handkerchiefs, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Holcomb
               




            .
JOHN HOLCOMB. I am a cow-keeper
 - I have a shed at Mr. Jones's, in Upper Gower-mews


. About two o'clock on Friday, the 15th of April, I left a bundle in the shed, which was locked; there were two pairs of sheets tied in a blue silk handkerchief, which were going to be washed. I received information from two boys about five o'clock; I then went to the shed, and missed the bundle; I have never seen it since. The prisoner used to bring me grains for the cows; I had employed him about a week: I took him into custody at a public-house in Thornaugh-street, and charged him with it - he said he had not been there at all. I have a great deal of property in my shed.


                  MARTIN 
                  KENNEFIE
               



            . I am in St. Patrick's charityschool. I was in the fields between three and four o'clock on the 15th of April, playing with about fifty other boys; I saw the prisoner get on the top of the cow-house - he pulled off a board and got in, and came out in a quarter or half an hour, and threw down a bundle in a blue silk handkerchief; he then got down himself, took it up, and went off with two other young men; one of our boys said, "There go the thieves," and one of the prisoner's companions took up a stone and threw it at him. I am quite certain of his person; he had the same dress on then as he has now.
Prisoner. Q. What boots had I on? A. White top boots.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I belong to the Irish charity school. I was at play with Kennifie, and about fifty other boys. I saw the three young men come across the field; the prisoner got upon the cow-house, and pulled off a board - he then got in; I saw him come out with a bundle, tied in a blue silk handkerchief; he threw it down, and fell on it - then took it up, and walked away - one of the boys cried Stop thief! and one of his companions threw a stone at him.
Prisoner's Defence. If I had robbed the prosecutor I should not have gone to his house, but I went as soon as I heard he wanted me - he was not at home, and then I went to the cow-house, and from there to the public-house, when he came with his brother, and gave charge of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
