





1041. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, two shirts, value 10 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d.; two bed-gowns, value 5 s.; one cap, value 2 s.; one shawl, value 3 s.; one shirt, value 6 d., and one apron, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Rawlinson
                        



                     
                  ; two shifts, value 10 s.; four petticoats, value 10 s. 6 d.; two pair of stockings, value 3 s. 6 d.; one pair of pockets, value 4 s., and one handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Patrick
                        



.
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Reed
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  CATHERINE 
                  CHOPPING
               



            . I carried the articles stated in the indictment from my grandmother, (who is the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Patrick
               



            ,) to Mrs. Raymond, on the 21st of June.


                  EDITH 
                  RAYMOND
               



            . I am a laundress, and live in Parker's-rents, Shoe-lane. Chopping brought a bundle of linen to me for my daughter, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Reed
               



            , to wash. The prisoner came and said she was going to wash for my daughter, and asked if there was any linen for her - I delivered her the bundle, and another from Mrs. Rawlinson.


                  ANN 
                  REED
               



            . I live in Brownlow-street, Drury-lane, and wash for Patrick. The prisoner brought me no linen on the 21st of June. I expected some - it was generally left at my grandmother's. The prisoner had washed three times for me, but she used not to fetch it - I always sent my little girl.


                  ELIZA 
                  RAWLINSON
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in Shire-lane, my husband's name is mark. I sent my things to Mrs. Raymond's, and have not seen them since.


                  CHARLES 
                  GOVER
               



            . I am a shoe-maker, and live in Moore-square, Moore-lane. About the middle of July the prisoner came to lodge with me, and in a day or two she expressed that her mind was much troubled concerning some linen she had to wash, that she had made away with it, and could not get the money to restore it. I understood her to say that the person lived in Shoe-lane. She left me on the 31st of July.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of August I had the prisoner in custody for uttering forged notes, and detained her on this charge.


                  REBECCA 
                  CHOPPING
               



            . I am daughter to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Patrick
               



            . I gave my daughter the linen.
Prisoner's Defence. Raymond called and gave me the linen - I got drunk and lost them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
