





55. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FORRESTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, one drawer, value 12 s.; three sheets, value 5 s.; four shifts, value 6 s.; one shirt, value 6 s., and one table-cloth, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Quibey
                  




               
            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  QUIBEY
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Duke's-court, Bow-street


. On the 9th of November, my house was burnt down with many others, and this property stolen; it was in one drawer - it might have been carried out with intent to save it, and afterwards stolen. The property saved was deposited in Wild-passage.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a laceman, and live in Leicester-square. I was in Long-acre, at the time of the fire, and saw the prisoner carrying the drawer full of linen, on his head. I followed him for about ten minutes, under a dark shed, he there put it down; I asked what he was doing with them? he said he was taking them to Seven-dials; I said
"This is not the way, I will go with you; I 'perceive where you have brought them from." He said " Take them," and ran away. I followed him, calling Stop thief! he was secured without my losing sight of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave me the bundle to carry, at the fire, to Seven-dials; he said he would follow me. I believe it was the prosecutor's nephew.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
Of Stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
