





2108. 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  LOWTHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 watch, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Pearcy
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES PEARCY. On the 19th of September, I met the prisoner in Sun-court, about six o'clock in the morning - we went into a private house; we had been about the street all night, and never went into any room at all till the morning - we went to this room; she asked me to give her some gin - I gave her 1s., and she took my watch out of my jacket-pocket, which was by the side of me, and ran down stairs; I saw her take it, and I said "Don't break my watch;" she came up again, and I said "Where is my watch;" she denied that she had had it - I went for an officer, and while I was gone she brushed - I did not see her again till the next morning, when I got a man to take her.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and went to the house with the witness - I could not find the prisoner, but he described her, and stated verbatim almost as he has now; the prosecutor met her the next morning, and took her into a house, and sent a neighbour for me - I went and found her there with him; the moment I went into the room, he said "This woman robbed me of my watch in Sun-court yesterday morning; in going to the watch-house;" she met three very low looking characters, and said to one of them, "Tom, good bye, I am going for seven years," and the tears came into her eyes.
Prisoner's Defence. It was on the 18th he met me, and said he had come from my parents, and they were all well; he said he had but 10s., and he had spent it in drink - he met a young woman, and asked her for a bed; she said she had a room in Sun-court, and we went there, to a room on the first-floor - there was a man in bed there, and we went up to the other floor; he lay down on the bed with his clothes on; he sent the woman for 1s. worth of gin - I heard a person come in in; I went and said to the young woman, "Is that you come in;" a man there said "Yes, she and I have drank it;" the prosecutor then jumped off the bed, came down, and said I had got his watch; I said I had not seen it - he then said "Where is the young woman I sent for the gin?" and said to the man "Have you got it?" he said No; he then went out - I waited an hour and a half - he did not come; he had a pot of beer at a house the night before, and a quartern and a half of rum, at the White Hart public-house; when he asked about the watch I said"I have never been out of the house;" I undressed myself, and had nothing on me; he said he was fully convinced that I had not got it; he then went and got the officer.
COURT to JAMES PEARCY. Q. Were you at any house the night before? A. I had a pot of beer at one house - I had no spirits; I was quite sober - there was no other woman in the house but the prisoner.
Prisoner. When the officer came in, the prosecutor had had three pints of beer, and given 1s. to a young man to go for an officer - I said I was quite innocent, and would not move for it; the prosecutor took out some gold, and said "If you will tell me where the watch is, I will give you money to take it out, if you have pawned it."
COURT to JAMES PEARCY. Q. Where did you find her? A. At her lodging the next morning - I had but 6s. 6d. the morning before, and had only 2s. left; I had neither gold nor silver.




               GUILTY. Aged 28. Of Stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
