





518. 
               
                  MARY 
                  WELCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 pair of boots, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 1l., and one handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Dear
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM DEAR. I am a navigator
, and live near the Three Colts', public-house, Hackney. I was in Golden-lane


, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, at noon, on the 5th of February - I had a bundle containing this property; I saw the prisoner standing at the end of a court, and as I passed by, she snatched the bundle out of my hand, and run up the court into a house - I followed, and got in before she could shut the door - there was another woman in the house - I went up stairs into one room, and could not find her - I then came down and got an officer; we went to the house, and they would not let us in for some time - the officer looked through the key-hole, and saw them helping a female over the wall - he took the prisoner last week; I have not found any of the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. ROBERTS. Q. Was the girl who got over the wall taken? A. I do not know; a man was standing at the end of the court, not far from her, but no other woman - she had a light gown on; the goods were taken in a moment - I had seen her face for some distance before I came to her - she was marked with the small pox; I swear she is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the prosecutor to No. 39, Payne's-buildings; I knocked at the door - I thought they were keeping me a long time, and I looked through the key-hole; I saw some persons assisting a female over the wall to another person's premises - I then knocked again, and the person who had helped the woman over, ran up stairs, and asked who was there; I got in, but could not find the property; I sent for the prosecutor on the Thursday, and took him to the house - where we found the prisoner, two other women, and two men; I asked him which it was, and he pointed out the prisoner immediately.
Prisoner. I never saw him in my life, and the officer said, by the description the man gave him, he thought it was the other girl - and he asked me what the other girl got over the wall for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
