






1667. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September

, 1 tea-set of china, value 12s., and 40 plates, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Turner
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I keep a china-warehouse
 in Oxford-street - Palmer was my servant
. On the morning of the 1st of September I went down about six o'clock - the shop was not then open, but it should have been. I went to the yard door, and heard the sound of china in the shop. I looked, and saw Palmer take the china down, sound it, and put it on the floor - there were twelve cups and saucers, a tea-pot, two plates, and two basins; he then went and put some of it down near the door; he then came and took the rest - he opened the street door, and beckoned some one - Stevens came in with a basket, and they put the articles in it; they went into the other shop, but what they did there I do not know; they then went to the door, and Palmer said to Stevens, "Keep quite on this side of the way, and no one will say any thing to you." I then went out and took Stevens to the watch-house - he said Palmer had employed him - and he was to have 1s. to carry them to Hanway-yard. I took him to the watch-house - we then came back and took Palmer.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Stevens you had never seen before? A. No, not to my knowledge. I hear he bears a very good character; I was at the yard door when I heard the conversation; about six yards from Palmer. I heard the words distinctly "Keep quite on this side the way; and no one will have any suspicion of you;" this was not said in a very low tone. I believe Stevens is a painter and glazier.
STEVENS' Defence. I was employed by Palmer.
PALMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Six Months
            .
