





570. 
               
                  THOMAS BOLTON 
                  FENTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
 1 bronze lamp, value 1l. 18s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Davis
                     




                  , his master
            .
HENRY DAVIS. I live at No. 90, in the Quadrant, Regent-street, and am in the glass and lamp trade
. I hired the prisoner about eleven months ago to take care of one of my shops. About two or three months ago, I went into Mr. Bullock's auction-rooms, and saw two lamps which I knew; here is one of them - I can swear it is mine; I think it had been on my premises the week before, but I cannot state on what day; I gave charge of the prisoner for stealing this lamp, and he said "For God's sake have mercy on my family."


                  EDWARD 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I believe this lamp was sold at one of my sales; it had been brought by a young woman about twenty years of age, who I believe is the prisoner's daughter; it was brought in the name of Loveland; the same person had brought a lamp and an ink-stand in April last, and a few days afterwards she brought this letter: she stated that her father was a manufacturer of these articles,


                  HENRY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I can swear that this note is the and writing of the prisoner. - (read)
MR. BULLOCK. Sir:- Please to settle with the bearer for the bronze lamp and ink-stand, if sold."G. LOVELAND."


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at his master's house, and afterwards apprehended his daughter; I heard Mr. Davis tell him that he had taken some lamps to Mr. Bullock's; he did not say whether he had or not: as I took him along he said he was sorry for what he had done.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I live in Green-street, Grosvenor-square - I bought this lamp at Mr. Bullock's sale.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
