





610. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DUNCOMB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 stock, value 1l.; 3 pairs of dies, value 3s., and 6 taps, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Howell
                     




                  , his master
            .
BENJAMIN HOWELL. I am an ironmonger
, and live in Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital


 - the prisoner came to me as a journeyman
 in May, and left without notice on the 13th of January. I have since found some dies in pawn - before he was taken he acknowledged taking the property, and gave me up three duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Fitzroy-square, and am a smith. I know these dies and taps to be Mr. Howell's.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick-street. On the 14th of July these six taps and three pairs of dies were pawned in the name of Williams - I cannot say who by, but the duplicates are in Court.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and received these duplicates from his master.
Prisoner's Defence. I arranged it with my master to pay for them at 5s. a-week, and told him where they were pawned - I told him I did not pawn them myself, but a person who was in great distress did it.
B. HOWELL. I asked him if this was all that was pawned - he said it was; and I said I would not prosecute; but if I found any thing else, I could not tell what I should do- I afterwards found I was debited for goods I had not had, and found he had had them.



               GUILTY
             Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were six more indictments against the prisoner.
