





818. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HAYWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of February
, one bed, value 2l.; one bolster, value 10s.; two pillows, value 7s.; and one piece of matting, value 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Toplis
               




             and another, his master.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am a sawyer in the employ of Mr. James Toplis and his son, upholders and auctioneers
 of St. Paul's Church-yard


. On the 29th of February, the day after there had been a sale on the premises, I was in the saw-pit warehouse about-half past five o'clock in the evening; I saw the prisoner (who was in master's employ) come into that warehouse, which opens into little Carter-lane, he had a Russia matting package, which looked like a bed; he unbolted the door, opened it, and placed the package outside the door, which he bolted again; when he first came into the warehouse I said,"What Jem, are you going to deliver goods at this time of night?" he said, Yes: I said, "Where is the porter? who is going to take them?" he said, he was going to take them himself;" after he had put the packages out, and come in himself, I said, "Jem are you going to leave the package outside at this time of night?" he said, "Yes I am, it is all right;" he then went down the warehouse the way he had come from.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There was on concealement about it? A. No, not from me; a man named Jennings was in our employment at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROFTON
               



            . I keep the King's Head, public-house, Earl-street., about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Toplis. On the evening of the 29th of February the prisoner brought a package to my house, and said he wanted to leave it for a carrier who would call at twenty minutes past six o'clock for it; I looked at my clock, and it was just that time; I told him there was no direction on it - he took a piece of paper out of his pocket, and said he was no scholar, and wished me to write one for him: I wrote "Mr. Hayward, No. 1, Knightsbridge;" he then left the house; no carrier is in the habit of calling at my house, and none called that evening. The prisoner came again in about an hour with a portable desk; I asked where he brought the desk from; he shewed me a piece of paper, with Mr. Toplis name on it in print, and said he was going to leave the desk on his way home: I asked where he had brought the package from; he would give me no answer - I said it was rather an odd time of night to send out packages from any warehouse, and desired Mines and another person who were in my house, to go and-enquire at Mr. Toplis's - I detained him till Mines came back; Mr. Toplis came soon after, and claimed the package - Mines took it away.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not carriers call at your house at times? A. Never for goods. The bill he shewed me was folded up with a direction where he was to take the desk: he did not say it was his own name, that he told me to write on the direction; he gave me no Christain name - he heard me send for Mines, and did not attempt to escape; he was in the passage, and several other people were there: I was in the bar.
MR. BODKIN. Q. He told you he was to leave the desk as he went home; he did not say his home was at Knights-bridge? A. No.



                  JOHN 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I have been two years and a half in Messrs. Toplis employ, and am foreman of the porters; we had some property in our warehouse for Mrs. Bowyer: I saw it stowed in the second floor warehouse, over the sale room, about a fortnight before this; there was a bed, bolster and pillow among other things - I packed them up in Russia matting, at Mrs. Bowyer's house; I never directed anybody to remove them; the prisoner had no authority to remove them without my orders. On the 29th of February, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening I delivered him a desk with a cheque order, (stating what was to be done to it) to take with it to Brownlow-street, Holborn; it had Toplis and Son's name on it; he said nothing to me about any package - Earl-street is quite out of his way there.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he taken any of these orders out before? A. Certainly; he knew my master's name was printed on them, I suppose, but I do not know whether he can read - I am quite sure I gave him no order about the bed: I had treated him with some ale that night, as he came and told me he was going to leave Mr. Toplis, which I did not know before; he said he had no money in his pocket, and I took him to the next house, which is a public-house - he had a pint of ale with me, and a man, named Underhill, who had been formerly in Mr. Toplis' employ; he had been taking some things away the day before, and for that reason he treated the prisoner as well as me - he paid for one pint of ale, and I for another, as the prisoner said he had no money, and was in distress; I cannot tell where Underhill is - I am not in the habit of treating porters; I have treated the prisoner before when I have met him at any house.
Q. Are you quite certain you did not tell him to take the bed to Earl-street? A. I swear I did not.
MR. BODKIN. Q. The sale brought a good many porters to your place? A. Yes; I occasionally drink with the porters.
COURT. Q. Had any person, named Hayward, of Knightsbridge, purchased goods at the sale? A. None; I know no such person; I did not then know where the prisoner lodged, but I found out by a direction in Mr. Toplis' book, where he enters all the porters' directions - it was in Exeter-court, Exeter-street, Sloane-street; I went there that evening.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I am a beadle. I was at the King's Head on the evening of the 29th of February. I saw the prisoner there, and in consequence of what took place, I went to Mr. Toplis; I returned to the house, and the bed was given to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TOPLIS
               



            . I am in partnership with my son. Jennings has been two years and a half in our service, and is so now; the prisoner had been about six months with us as an extra porter; we intended to discharge him on the Saturday; I directed the principal clerk to inform him so; in consequence of information from Mines, I went to the King's Head, and claimed the bed; I know no Mr. Hayward, of Knightsbridge; I was answerable for this property- it is worth about 3l.; the prisoner lodged somewhere about Knightsbridge.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the bed to the King's Head by Jenning's direction, and left the man 1s. to take care of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
