





372. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 30 yards of drugget, value 3l. 2s. 6d.; 119 yards of silk Persian, value 7l. 3s. 9d.; 60 yards of bombazeen, value 3l. 9s. 6d., and a wrapper, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boyd
               




             and others, his partners.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am clerk to Thomas Boyd, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  French
               



            , and others - they live on Snow-hill, and are wholesale linen-draper
; they have two doors - one is on Snow-hill. On the 1st of February I sold these goods to Messrs. Hodges and Norman, of Regent-street; I entered them in our day book, and gave them to the porter about half-past five o'clock, to pack up, but I did not see the package after it was made; they were to be conveyed by our carter, (Bolton), and the porter was to go to see them delivered. I saw them in the Justice-room on the 11th of February - they were then inclosed in a cotton wrapper, and I knew they were the goods which I had booked, by the marks.
Cross-examined by Mr. CARRINGTON. Q. These goods you had sold to Messrs. Hodges, and had entered them to his debit? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  PAVELY
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I received the goods from Bird - there was a piece of drngget and two paper parcels; I gave them to Bolton, our carman; I saw him pack them up into a cotton wrapper, and I put the name of Hodges on them - they had been sold to Messrs. Hodges; I put them in the cart, which was standing at the Snow-hill door, and gave them into the hands of Bolton; I told him to put them on the near side of the cart, over the horse's back; I saw no more of them till I saw them at Guildhall, on the 11th of February - the paper, with the mark of Hodges upon it, was there. I have no doubt whatever that it was the same package; I had not seen the prisoner near the cart.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was this? A. In the City; Bolton is a carman, and is generally employed for Boyd and Co. It had ceased to be the property of Messrs. Boyd and Co. - they were in my care; I go with the cart, or some other person does; the goods had been delivered to Bolton to carry to Hodges, and the cart was his property.
COURT. Q. Were you to have accompanied these goods to Hodges'? A. Yes. I went back to get the bills, while Bolton was tying the cart tail, and heard they were stolen as soon as I came out.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am a carman. On the 1st of February Pavely delivered a package to me, and asked me to tie it up, which I did, in a wrapper; I left it on the counter, and asked Pavely to put the name on it; he then put it into the cart, and I placed it on the copse, on the near side - the cart was then close to the door; the porter told me to get down and tie in, which I did; I then came round, and missed this package in a moment - while I was at the back of the cart any person might have gone on the front, and taken it, as I had a high load, and could not see the front; I gave immediate notice to the porter when he came out. I saw the package at Guildhall, on the 11th>of February, and am quite sure there was the same quantity of pieces in it as in the package in my cart; I saw the direction in Pavely's hand-writing, but I could not swear to it; a servant of the house generally goes with my cart, and Pavely was to have gone with me then; I had goods of Messrs. Boyd's to deliver at different places. I did not miss any other package, nor see any person about the cart.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you a carman? A. Yes. I am not a servant of Messrs. Body and Co.'s The cart and horse are mine; they generally send a person with the cart - I have sometimes gone by myself, but at night they always go with me; this parcel was lost about six o'clock in the evening; the porter was to go with me to deliver the goods at the west end.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On Wednesday, the 1st of February, about six o'clock in the evening, I was on Holborn-bridge, near to Snow-hill, and saw two persons, one of whom I believe to be the prisoner; the other person had white stockings on, and a thick stick in his hand, which he leaned upon as he walked; I followed them, and observed them looking at different carts on Skinner-street and Snow-hill; they then ran after a curricle, which went up Snow-hill pretty quickly; I went after them, and went up Cock-lane - I returned back, and passed the prisoner, I believe, standing on Snow-hill - I went down to Holborn-bridge, turned back, and saw the prisoner with this package on his shoulder, at the corner of Snow-hill, about thirty yards from No. 6, going towards Holborn-bridge; I looked round for the other man, and saw him coming along, about 10 or 15 yards behind him - he appeared to be the same man, by his dress, whom I had seen with the person who, I suppose to be, the prisoner; I let the prisoner go to the light part of Fleet-market, when I pushed sharply on, and got up to him; the other man then cried out Oh! and the prisoner let the pack fall down on the ground; I had my hand on him at the time, and took him to the Compter; I got a person to take the package first to the Compter, and then to the Mansion House. I did not know who the package belonged to till Thursday or Friday week - it was then claimed by a person from Messrs. Boyd and Co.'s. When I took the prisoner he said he had picked it up; it is rather more than one hundred yards from Messrs. Boyd's where I took him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRD
               



            . These are the articles - I know them by the number and mark, which I gave to John Pavely - they are charged 13l. 15s. 9d.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know them by any thing but the number of yards? A. Yes - there is a private mark on the bombazeen, and a number on the roller; pieces we sell go out with our marks on them.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I saw the package at Guildhall, and I believe it was the one that Pavely gave me.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know it by any particular mark? A. Yes - I should have known my own packing if I had picked it up in the street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
