





1221. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 1 pair of pantaloons, value 1s.; 1 coat, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 1d.; 2 petticoats, value 6d.; 1 pair of stays, value 2s.; 1 pinafore, value 6d., and part of a cheese, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cotton
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Cotton, a shoe-maker
; we live in Hartshorn-court, Golden-lane


. At half-past nine o'clock at night, on the 29th of April, I was going to my bed-room up one pair of stairs; the bedroom was open, and the cream cheese which had been near the door, was gone - I called my husband; he went down and sat down; but I went up again and called to Mr. Underwood, my lodger; they were in bed, but he came down and knocked against the prisoner; he said, Halloo! and brought her down; she had been on the second pair of stairs; I knew her by living in the court - but she had no right in my house; all the property stated was wrapped up in a parcel together, and was on the second staircase; it had been in my bed-room before - I had seen it all safe at half-past eight o'clock.
RICHARD COTTON. My wife called me, and I saw the room as she has stated; my lodger found the prisoner on the stairs, and this property was tied up in a bundle.


                  EDWARD 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I lodge in this house. I was called, and came down, and found the prisoner on the second pair of stairs, and this bundle by her side; I brought her down, and the officer was sent for - she did not say anything; there are no lodgers in the house but me and my wife.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate girl, and had been out of a lodging for a week; the door was open - I went up, and fell asleep - the man came down, kicked against me, and awoke me; they had been by me twice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
