





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
74. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, a cloak, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Williams
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a linen-draper

, in partnership with my brother John; we live in St. John-street


. On the 16th of November this cloak hung inside of the door. I saw it safe at five o'clock, and found it at the watch-house at half-past six.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a patrole, A little after six o'clock, in consequence of what Wadland told me, I saw the prisoner running in St. John's-street, in a direction from Williams's shop. I pursued him, and saw him drop the cloak, which I picked up. Hayford brought him back. I am sure he is the man, for I knew him before by sight.


                  ELIZA 
                  WADLAND
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Williams's. On the 16th of November I saw a man take something from the inside of Mr. Williams's door, and told Bailey, who pursued the same man. I cannot speak to the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYFORD
               



            . I was following the prisoner with O'Kell. I took a circuitous round, and came up as O'Kell stopped him; I commenced the pursuit from my own door, which is about a hundred yards from the shop; he was going in a direction from there. I handcuffed him, and took him to the watch-house. Bailey saw him, and said that is the man. I did not see him with any thing.


                  THOMAS 
                  O'Kell
               



            . I was at Hayford's house, and run after the prisoner, hearing a cry, and stopped him in Great Arthur-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up St. John's-street, and heard a cry of stop thief; I immediately ran, and somebody took hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
