





129. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 3 shirts, value 5s.; 2 aprons, value 2s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Benning
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BENNING
               



            . I am wife of Daniel Benning, a shoemaker
 - we live in George-street, Grosvenor-square


. About seven o'clock in the evening of the 31st of October, I heard a noise on our area steps; the gate was open all day - I ran to the area door with a light, and just caught sight of a man at the top of the steps - I turned my head to the cellar-door, and missed some clothes from a basket; I gave an alarm, and pursued him to the top of Queen-square; I saw the bundle under his coat - I did not see him drop it - the prisoner was taken in about five minutes; he has the same appearance as the man - I took the property up - I said at the office that I could not swear to his person; but he answers in size and dress to the person I saw at the area.


                  CHARLES 
                  WARREN
               



            . My father is helper at a stable - I am in St. George's charity-school - I was in Queen-square and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner, with a bundle under his arm - he dropped it at the top of Queen-street; I am certain he is the man; I soon afterwards saw him stopped by a barber who lives in Hart-street, before he got out of my sight - he had the tail of his coat over it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . The prisoner was given into my custody - he had a long coat on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She said, "I cannot swear that is the man, let him go" - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and met a man running towards me; he knocked my hat off; Warren came up, and said I was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
