





711. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILPOT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 8 cwts. of lead, value 5 l, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dickanson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain out-house, belonging to his dwelling-house; and one hundred lbs. of lead, value 10 s., his property, and fixed to a stable of his
            .
SECOND COUNT stating the lead to be fixed to a building of his.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  DICKANSON
               



            , ESQ.
 I occupy some premises on Twickenham common


. On the 5th of March I had a leaden pump attached to my house, and in the morning of the 6th, I found it gone - and missed a leaden cistern from the green-house, which had been fixed. I went to Brentford, and a quantity of lead was produced, which I am satisfied is mine.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Dickanson. On the 5th of March this pump was fixed outside the wall of the stable, and the cistern was fixed in the green-house, and in the morning they were both gone. I found a quantity of lead at Brentford, which was the same as this.


                  JOHN 
                  FARR
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Dickanson. On the morning of the 6th I missed the cistern, and saw it afterward at Brentford.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWETT
               



            . I am an Excise-officer. On the morning of the 6th of March, about five o'clock, I was on duty, and saw the prisoner sitting in a cart at Brentford, driving it - a person was with him - he was about three miles from Twickenham. I stopped the cart, and asked what he had in his possession; he said, nothing that he need to be ashamed or afraid of - but on my coming up and putting my hand to the horse, he set off, and left the cart. I found it contained a leaden cistern and pump, and other pieces of lead. It was shewn to the witnesses.


                  GEORGE 
                  WARD
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at a public-house, at Lewisham, fifteen miles from Brentford, yesterday week.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I saw the prisoner in Bow-road, one day after the fifth of March. He was with one Wasley, who told the prisoner that he was going to have his horse and cart, and advised him to keep away; he said he would endeavour to keep away if he could, and that he was likely to have been caught with the horse and cart, and that there was lead in it.
Prisoner. I am suffering for other people.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
