





1100. 
               
                  MARTIN 
                  COPE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 1 snuff-box, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Marshall 
                        Thorburn
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS MARSHALL THORBURN. I am a spice merchant
, and live in Philpot-lane. On the 12th of June, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Guildhall


, at the Election; I had a snuff-box in my outside coat-pocket - I had used it two minutes before; I felt somebody at my pocket - the prisoner at that moment came from behind me, and passed before me - there were a great many people in the Hall; I laid hold of him, and was taking him out of the Hall when he stooped, and the box fell on my feet - I picked it up, and the constable took charge of it.
Prisoner. Q. Was I near your pocket? A. He was close to my shoulder when I felt the motion at my pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHEYNE
               



            . I was in Guildhall with Mr. Thorburn, and saw the prisoner come before him - he immediately missed his box; I was standing on a line with the prosecutor - the prisoner came immediately before him on the left hand - Mr. Thorburn laid hold of him, and I observed the box drop as he was stooping under the rails - it was picked up immediately.


                  RICHARD 
                  McDONALD
               



            . I am a constable, and was in the Hall. The prisoner was given into my charge, with the box; I found a pair of scissars on him, with the duplicate of a handkerchief, pawned that day for 3s. - he denied the charge - I did not know him before.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was at work till twelve o'clock, and then being ill, my mother persuaded me to take a walk; I went to see the election - the gentleman accused me of stealing his box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
