






SEVENTH DAY, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21.
427. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hyam 
                        Ansell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HYAM ANSELL. I am a watch-maker
, and live in Sugar-loaf-court. On the 13th of February, at half past six o'clock in the evening, I was in the City-road


, with Mr. Mayers. The prisoner and another boy, were walking first before, and then behind us. I felt a hand in my pocket, I turned round and saw Harris give something to Hayes. I siezed him. Mayers pursued Hayes, who was brought in a few minutes with the handkerchief. No others were near enough to commit the robbery.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MAYERS
               



            . I live in Upper Fountain-place. and am a musician. I was with Ansell, he stopped suddenly, and said he was robbed. I had noticed the prisoner and another younger. He turned and seized Harris. I saw Hayes running off, and saw him drop the handkerchief. I collared him; he got from me, and ran down Tabernacle-row, I took him again without losing sight of him. I picked the handkerchief up.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I had seen the prisoners in company about two hours before, in Chequer-square. Hayes was going to fight another boy for money. I dispersed them.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
HARRIS'S Defence. Two lads ran from him. He turned and seized me.
HAYES's Defence. A lad ran before me, and threw the handkerchief on me, then it fell from me. I had my hands is my pockets.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
HAYES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
