





497. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, two silver spoons, value 12 s.; one candlestick, value 1 l., and one table-cloth, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Franco
                  




               
            .


                  MOSES 
                  FRANCO
               



            . I live in Spital-square


. I missed these spoons on the last Monday in January. The prisoner was a weekly servant
, and lived in the house.


                  DANIEL 
                  GRANT
               



            . I met the prisoner in Brick-lane. On last Saturday week, at night, he asked me to pawn a table-cloth; supposing it to be his father's, I went and pawned it for him, at Price's, Wentworth-street. He proposed to sell the ticket; which made me suspect him. I informed my master.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How long were you in custody, charged with stealing this - A. From Sunday till Friday. I told my master of it before I was in custody.


                  EMMA 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am no relation of the last witness. I am servant to the prosecutor. The prisoner came into the house on the last Saturday in January, as errand-boy, and on the Monday I missed two spoons, and on Friday a silver candlestick, and on the Saturday a table-cloth. I went to his mother, to enquire if he had mislaid the table-cloth, I did not suspect he had stolen it. He asked if I meant to make him a thief. I said,
"No; I thought he had mislaid it." She abused me very much, and I ran home and told the officer how he treated me.
- BROOKS. I am servant to Mr. Willis, of Bishopsgate-street. On Monday evening, about half-past eight o'clock, a woman came in to sell a spoon. I suspected it was stolen - it was broken in half, and the cypher filed out. I asked if it belonged to her. she said it did - and then she said it belonged to Mr. Brooks, of Spital-square. I went with her to Spital-square, where she said she got it from. I knocked at the door - she ran off. The spoon was delivered to the officer a few days after.
- BELCHER. I am servant to Mr. Price, Wentworth-street, Whitechapel. On the 2d of February Grant pawned a table-cloth for 6 s. in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Franco
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a shoemaker. Grant is my journeyman; he came to me in the evening of the 2d of February and asked me to buy a duplicate - I looked at it and asked where he got it. I detained it, and told Atfield, who took the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Franco sent for me. The prisoner was brought there by his father. He denied it, and said he thought the butcher's boy was the thief. I received information from Grant, and apprehended the prisoner afterwards, and Grant told him he gave him the table-cloth. He then said he did take the things. I said nothing to make him confess.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Atfield said
"What use is denying it."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
