





499. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLEGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, at St. Andrew Holborn, one box, value 6 d.; eight gowns, value 2 l.; fourteen towels, value 10 s.; seven pair of stockings, value 3 s.; three shifts, value 4 s.; one handkerchief, value 6 d.; one necklace, value 1 s.; one pair of stays, value 1 s.; seven petticoats, value 6 s.; one piece of sarsnet, value 3 d.; one piece of lace, value 1 s., and one fan, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Letitia Harriet 
                           Chomel
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cheek
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  CHOMEL
               



            . I live at Mr. Cheek's No. 65, High Holborn


. On the 4th of February my daughter's box was brought there, and put into the passage. It was stolen in about ten minutes.


                  LETITIA 
                  HARRIET CHOMEL
               



            . My box, which contained the articles stated in the indictment, was stolen from the passage between six and seven o'clock in the evening - I saw it safe about a quarter of an hour before. The officer brought it back next day. I do not know what parish the house is in.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . On the 4th of February I was with Thompson, in Goswell-street, rather before seven o'clockin the evening, and saw the prisoner; he appeared to be walking with another man; the prisoner was carrying the box on his shoulder. As soon as they saw Thompson they parted, the prisoner crossed the road, and the other man ran down a street, I went up to the prisoner, and asked him where he got the box? he said he was going to take it to Mrs. Lane. I asked him where she lived? he said if I went with him he would shew me. As we went along he said a man met him in Holborn, and gave him 6 d. to carry it to the Three Cups, in Aldersgate-street, where it was to be booked to go into the country, and that the man who gave it to him ran away.
Q. Did he say where Mrs. Lane lived - A. No, my Lord, nor did he know who it was to be booked to. I opened the box, and found two letters in it, by which I found out the prosecutrix.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. The prisoner did not increase his pace - A. He walked pretty fast.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . Read and I were on one side of the road, and Thompson on the other. I saw the prisoner walking with the box, and another behind him; after passing 
               Thompson
             the prisoner crossed the street to the side we were on. I ran down, and got before him, turned back, and Read stopped him. He gave the account Read has stated, then changed his story, and said he was going to the Three Cups.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say the man told him to carry it for Mrs. Lane to the Three Cups - A. I do not think he did.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . The prisoner passed me, and crossed from the side of the road that the Three Cups were on.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. What the officers have stated is wrong. I said my name was Lane, and I was going to the Three Cups, and that a man gave it to me at the top of Hatton-garden.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



             re-examined. He said he was going to take them to Mrs. Lane.




               GUILTY
            . Aged. 26.
Of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
