






1381. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOUSEMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WISE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, one cart, value 10 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barrow
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARROW
               



            . I live at Lee, in Kent


. I keep my cart opposite my door, and job about with it. I saw it safe on the 4th of September, at nine o'clock at night. I always leave it there; there was no horse in it. I missed it in the morning, and on the Sunday following, I saw it in Whitechapel, in possession of the officer. I have seen the prisoner Wise travelling about, but I cannot say where.
Cross-examined by MR. NORTON. Q. You kept it in the public road - A. Yes. There are a great many people about there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 5th of September, I saw Houseman painting this cart, at the Flying-horse, Spitalfields, between twelve and one o'clock. I asked whose it was; he said it belonged to a man at Islington. At first he said the name was Webb - then that he was mistaken, that it was Scott. I asked where Scott lived - he said in John-street, Islington; that he, Scott, came to his house, and employed him to paint it that morning. Wise was in conversation with him when I went up, and he said to him,
"You had better go and fetch Scott." Wise said.
"I will soon go and fetch the man who owns the cart." Wise went away, and did not return. I then told Houseman, I had every reason to believe the cart was stolen, and that he must go to the office with me, which he did. There were nail-marks where the tin containing the name had been removed from - one nail was taken out, and the rest remained on. Near the whole of the side where it had been was painted over, but not the other side. As we were going to the office, he said,
"What a fool I am!" I said,
"What for?" he answered,
"The man whom you have let go is the man who employed me to paint the cart." I advertised the cart - Barrow claimed it. Houseman said he lived in New Harper-street, Haggerstown. I went and found Wise there - we knocked twice. Fortune was with me, and when we got to the house, I sent him up stairs, and Wise came from the backyard. I told him I wanted him; he asked what for. I asked where the man was whom the cart belonged to, and whom he was to fetch; he said he had been to John-street, but that the man he saw there had not sent a cart to be painted. I said Houseman said he had employed him; he said it was not true. I took him in charge; he then said he had shewn Houseman where to go to paint it.
Cross-examined. Q. The Flying-horse is a public-house - A. Yes; it was in Flyinghorse-yard; there are wheelers, stone-masons, and stables there, but their things do not stand in the open yard. He said Wise had better go and fetch Scott; this was about half past twelve o'clock in the day. The cart was red, and they were painting it lead colour. I went to every John-street in Islington, and could find no such person as Scott.
COURT. Q. Did Wise ever say in what part of Islington he saw Scott - A. He said he had been to John-street - it is impossible that he could have gone to Islington, for we took him in an hour, and he must have gone six miles in that time. I found a sack with chaff in it in the house.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I went with Forster to Haggerstown, and found Wise there - he came from the back of the house. I was up stairs, and Forster called me down. We handcuffed him. We could find no Scott at Islington.
Cross-examined. Q. You went in consequence of information from Forster - A. I was sent for, and found Houseman with a paint brush in his hand, and went to Haggerston to look for Wise. I was up stairs when he came from the back yard - I was not up stairs two minutes. There was a woman at the door, who threatened me to mind what I was doing. I had been searching the rooms. I saw a quantity of wearing apparel in a chest, which was open, and thinking it could not belong to such persons, I thought proper to take it. I swear that I took no money.
Q. Now, did not the woman say you had no business to take the man's clothes or money - A. She said I had no right to take the clothes. I said, under the circumstances I had, and would account about them before the Magistrate, and I returned them before the Magistrate.
Q. Did not Eliza Elstead say you had no right to take the man's money - A. No; I threatened to take her into custody for obstructing me in my duty. I asked Wise if the clothes belonged to him; he said a jacket did, and pressed me very much to give it him; I refused, thinking it might lead to something. I delivered up every thing to Houseman's wife before the Magistrate on the day they were re-examined; I have seen the prosecutor twice; I have not managed the prosecution; I never offered to let him go for 5 l.; I had no conversation with the woman, except to tell her not to obstruct me.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARROW
               



             re-examined. When I found the cart, it was painted in a different colour; my name was on a tin plate nailed on when it was stolen. I missed it at half-past five o'clock when I got up.
HOUSEMANS' Defence. I told him as plain as I could speak that it belonged to Scott of Islington; he forgot the name and asked me. I told him twice, and at the office he made a mistake, and told the Magistrate the name was Webb; I was going to correct him, but he would not let me speak.
WISE'S Defence. I know nothing about it. A man came and said, if I was going that way to work he had a cart to send; he asked me the way to the street, and I shewed him.


                  ELIZA 
                  ELSTEAD
               



            . I live at New Haggerston; the prisoners live at No. 4., and 1 at No. 7.; Houseman is married,and works in a brick-field; I have known him about eight months; my husband is a tanner.
Q. Do you remember any officers coming to Houseman's house - A. Two gentlemen came and asked for 
               
                  William 
                  Hayes
               



            ; they had it on a bit of paper; they were officers - they knocked at Houseman's door; I said to them,
"The poor woman has just left the house with a child in her arms."
Q. Well, did any body come to the door - A. No; a little boy not four years of age was in there; he was not capable of opening the door; they flung up the window, and one gentleman got in. I went to look after my children; I came out and saw the door open - they were both in the house; they could not have been in the house above a minute - one gentleman went up stairs, I followed him up, and said,
"Gentlemen, you are in the wrong house," as they had asked for Hayes, who had moved; I said,
"Begging your pardon, they have been here some months;" the gentleman who stood at the door called to the other,
"Come down, you are wrong;" he said so twice running - I went up into the room, and saw he had thrown up the poor woman's bed; he was turning from the bed as I went up stairs; he then went to her chest, which was a long one, and the first thing he took out was some linen, which appeared to be sheets - and he took out the man's coat, and the child's clothes, and every thing the poor woman had; he emptied the chest, except the man's hat and two pieces of paper - he tied them in his handkerchief, came down, and took some more things off the table; he took a leno cap with two pieces of lace on it, and put that in his waistcoat pocket. I said,
"What a pity Sir, to distress a poor woman when she is not at home, and have you any authority;" he said,
"What is that to you, if you ayn't off out of the house, I will take you with me;" I said, I was willing to go any where with any gentleman, who would use me well. I was not saucy to him, though he says I was. They were in the house about a quarter of an hour - they made me go out before them a few minutes; I stood at my own door, and saw them tie a new gown piece of the woman's up - Fortune is the gentleman. I find no fault with the other. While I was in the house, the young man came in out of the yard; the gentleman was coming down stairs with the things just at that time; there are only three rooms - he had had plenty of time to search all over the house. When Wise came in, the gentleman said,
"Well Mr. Dick, you are the man I am looking for," and immediately handcuffed him; they went away leaving the door wide open, and the things at the mercy of every body. I saw no money taken; they asked me if there was any stables about; I said,
"No;" they said,
"They used to have one over the way;" I said they had given it up some time, and that the man who had it now, had it with the lease of the house. I sent them to him at the chandler's shop; I went home and have not seen them since. Houseman is a hard working man, and bore an honest character.
COURT. Q. You are intimate with the family - A. No; I did not visit them. I have been in to speak to them - I saw no money taken. I never heard that Houseman was a painter, or saw paint in the house. I only know Wise by seeing him about there; his brother used to live in that street, but has been gone some time before this happened. I have not seen the prisoners in company. I do not know what business Wise had there. I never knew him work as a painter.
MR. NORTON. Q. Did you go to the Magistrate to complain of the officers' conduct - A. No. Mrs. Houseman went about her money - I did not go with her. Houseman used to drive a horse and cart for a man.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TREVETT
               



            . I live at No. 13, John-street, Chicksand-street, Brick-lane, within a hundred yards of where the cart was found. Houseman is a total stranger to me; I never saw him till he was at the office. I saw the cart in Flying Horse-yard, about twelve o'clock in the morning, no painting was done to it then - nobody was near it. I saw a man in the yard, who said his name was Scott - he asked if I knew of any painter, who would paint him a cart; I said, No - this was at twelve o'clock, as I was going to dinner.
Q. Was there any paint in the place - A. No. I was to paint it myself, only I had work; I am a carpenter. I said such a job as that any body could do. I left him. Next day I met a relation of the prisoner's, who was enquiring for Scott.
COURT. Q. What colour was the cart - A. It looked like a one horse cart, and was of a reddish cast. I cannot say whether it had a name on it; I did not take notice.
Q. How came this man to say his name was Scott; did you ask him where he lived - A. I asked him where he lived.
Q. Will you swear you asked this strange man where he lived - A. Not where he lived. I asked his name.
Q. On your oath did you ask his name - A. I did not ask his name.
Q. You have just said you did - A. I asked his name, but not where he lived; I asked his name, because I would have sent him down a man if I knew of any body.
Q. You would have sent him where - A. To Flying-horse-yard.
Q. Who first asked you to come here - A. He is outside - I forget his name; he passed me in Flying-horse-yard, as I went to dinner one day; he was enquiring for Scott. I told him there was such a man in the neighbourhood.
Q. Then you really thought that such a man lived in the neighbourhood - A. I really did - I heard nobody mention John-street, Islington. I returned through the yard again, about half-past twelve o'clock, from dinner. The cart was there then; nothing was doing to it then. I only passed on; there was nobody near it, nor any paint.
HOUSEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Confined One Year
            .
WISE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
