





1710. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, 1 pair of breeches, value 20s.; 9 waistcoats, value 12s.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 10 pairs of stockings, value 8s.; 2 pencil-cases, value 2s., and 3 caps, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Crowfoot
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CROWFOOT
               



            . I am a groom
. I lodged at the Dolphin public-house, in Oxford-street


 - I had been into the country about seven weeks. I left my box locked, and took the key with me; when I returned I found it still locked, but nothing in it; the prisoner lodged at the house - five pairs of stockings, and a night cap were found on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  BALL
               



            . I keep the Dolphin. I had the prisoner secured, and asked how he came to take the things away; he said he had taken nothing but the stockings, and they were found in his room - he said at the office that he had worn them, but he did not say so then.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  REX
               



            . I am a laundress. On the 15th of August the prisoner brought me two shirts, four handkerchiefs, and six pairs of stockings to wash - Crowfoot claimed three pairs of the stockings. I delivered them to Mrs. Ball.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBERLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found a pair of stockings in his hat - he said he had worn them - some others were found in his room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Twelve or fourteen people lodged in the house. I thought these stockings were my own - they were laying about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
