






Before Mr. Recorder.
908. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 21 yards of printed cotton, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Neville
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . On Thursday evening, the 27th of May, about nine o'clock, I was coming down the Mile-end-road, about a hundred yards from Mr. Neville's, and saw two men running towards town - I observed them particularly; one appeared to be pursuing the other - the prisoner, who was first, threw something away - I pursued him immediately, and did not lose sight of him till I caught him. I am quite positive as to his person - I did not go back with him, because Mr. Young brought the article which had been stolen soon afterwards, and I delivered him to the watchman.


                  ISAAC 
                  HORATIO ELLISTON
               



             YOUNG. I am in the employment of Mr. Neville, linen-draper, Mile-end-road, these goods were in the shop on the evening in question, hanging upon a line, about three feet from the door - I had seen them within an hour of their being taken. The witness, Harrie, came in and told me something had been stolen, and pointed in the direction in which the man had gone. I pursued, but could not at first perceive whether he had any thing, but I saw him throw away the cotton, and picked it up. Hill pursued with me, but in consequence of my stooping to pick up the goods, he caught him first. I gave the cotton to the constable.


                  FREDERICK 
                  HARRIE
               



            . I live near Mr. Neville's - my mother and I keep a boarding-school - on the night of the robbery I saw a man go into Neville's shop and take something - I gave information directly, and saw Mr. Young run in the direction which I pointed out to him. I could not distinguish the features of the prisoner - I did not join in the pursuit, but went home.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a night constable; this piece of goods was brought to me, and the prisoner given in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
