






1247. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     ABBOTT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  M'NAIR
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, a box, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jacob 
                           Temple
                        



                     
                  ; and fourteen books, value 20 s.; two table-cloths, value 3 s., and eight napkins, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Richard 
                     Barker
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HEARMAND
               



            . I am inspector of the watch, and live in Fashion-street, Spital-fields. On the 2d of September, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners passed my window; Abbott had a box, and M'Nair was behind him, in his company. I followed them about a hundred yards; M'Nair took a cap off Abbott's head, and took the box from him; I stopped them, and asked whose box it was - M'Nair said it was his own - Abbott heard it, and said nothing. I took them both into custody. It contained books and linen.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a watchman - I was with Hearmand - his account is correct.


                  JACOB 
                  TEMPLE
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live in Bedford-place, Commercial Road


. On the 2d of September 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barker
               



             sent me these books to pack up, which I did, and put them outside the door - and missed them at half-past two o'clock. Fashion-street is half a mile off.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
M'NAIR'S Defence. A sailor gave me the box to carry from Ratcliffe High-way to Finsbury-square. I met Abbott and asked him to give me a lift.
ABBOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Two Months
            .
M'NAIR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
