





1561. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 4 books, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Foxhall
                        



                     
                  ; and 8 books, value 12s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Sullivan
                        



.
SECOND COUNT, the property of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Tidy mn
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am pew-opener at the Baverian Chapel, Warwick-street




. On the morning of the 22ndof July I went there, and was informed that a person had been taken for stealing some books; I looked and missed twelve books - I saw them afterwards at the office, and knew them - also some keys and a bag.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had the books any marks? A. Yes, one of them has the name of 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Foxhall
               



             - I should have known them if the name had not been in them, from having seen them so often in my hands- these five were in my own drawer, two of them are my own, and three of them have the names of persons in them - the drawers were open; the lock of my drawer was picked - one of the books has a picture in it, which I know,


                     PHILIP 
                     TIDYMAN
                  



               
            . I am clerk at the chapel
 - I went there on the morning of the 22nd of July, and took the prisoner with the books on his persons in the gallery - I asked him what he was doing - he made me no answer; I saw his pockets sticking out with the books and some of them in his hat - he gave no account of them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take these books from him? A. He took them from his pocket while he was standing in the vestry, waiting for the constable; I let them lie till the constable came, and then he took them: I swear the prisoner took these very books from his pocket - they might be twenty minutes out of his pocket before the constable came; there were no others in the vestry but what he took out of his pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  MINTON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner up, and searched him - I found one of the books on his person, and three keys, which opened the drawers.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the books you found in his possession? A. This is one; there is no mark in it- the clerk had taken the books from him before I got there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
