






FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, MAY 15.
London Cases, Second Jury.
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1069. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  PAWSEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, 1 bag, value 1s.; 27 printed books, value 2l. 17s. 6d., and 12 pamphlets, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Robins
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Robins, the younger



            .
JAMES ROBINS. I am in partnership with my brother Joseph - we are booksellers

, and live in Ivy-lane. On the 20th of April I put twenty-seven books and twelve pamphlets into a bag, and tied a list up with them. I delivered them to Scott, our servant.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCOTT
               



            . On the 20th of April I received the bag with the books and pamphlets about twelve o'clock; I took it down Ludgate-hill, where I saw Pawsey - he asked if I had not a heavy load; I said, "Rather so;" he asked where I was going; I said, "On to Saunders', in Fleet-street;" he walked on to Bridge-street, and then asked if I had a mind to earn 3d. - I said, "How do you mean?" he said, "To go to a house down the first turning in Bride-lane;" he said I must have another person to go with me - he tapped the other prisoner on the shoulder, and asked him to go with me; we then went down Bride-lane


, to go to No. 7, down a turning, the name of which I forget, where we were to get two bobbins of silk; Smith and I were going on; Pawsey then said I could not go in with my bag, and I must leave it at a door - I said, "You will not open it;" he said No; we were then going straight on towards Fleet-street; I said the other lad did not say that, and I would run back and ask him- I went back, and saw that Pawsey had got my bag on his shoulder, and was walking away; I called to him, and took it from him - I then met the officer with Smith.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 20th of April, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was on Holborn-bridge, and saw the two prisoners together, going up Skinner-street, and watching people as they passed. I then missed them, but saw them again in the Old Bailey, where I heard Smith say to Pawsey, "We will go this road" - they went on to Ludgate-hill, and I saw Scott go along on the Bridge-street side; Smith tapped Pawsey on the shoulder, and pointed to him, with the books; he crossed, and spoke to him - Smith followed, and talked to them, till they got to Bridge-street - they then turned down, and were talking for some minutes; Scott seemed loath to part with the bag, but it was put down on the step of a door, and Smith and Scott went on to the corner of Bride-lane - I passed on to see where Pawsey was, and saw Scott coming back, calling out, "Halloo, you have got my books"- I said, "Run on - it is all right;" I then pursued Smith, and took him by the collar as he was going down Bride-lane, in a direction to have met Pawsey again.
SMITH's Defence. I was going over Blackfriars-bridge, to see for a place, and this boy came and asked if I would go on an errand - I asked if it was far; he said No. The prosecutor put his bag on the steps for this lad to mind. When we got to the top of the street we both forgot the number of the house - he went back, and when he got to the corner he cried out "My books are gone," and I ran to get them - the officer then took me.
PAWSEY'S Defence. I do not know the other prisoner at all; when the gentleman came to me the lad had got his books on his shoulder, and was going home with them.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
PAWSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
