






1723. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HURLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 2 pieces of printed cotton, containing 21 yards, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Dyson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Dyson
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  DYSON
               



            . I am in partnership with my sister

 Mary - we have a linen-draper's shop

, in Margaret-street, Hackney-fields


. On the 8th of September the prisoners came to purchase some print - we showed them several - none suited - they bought none; and as soon as they left, I missed a piece of cotton. I ran out, but not seeing them, came in again, and my sister said something. I then missed another piece, and ran out again and passed a street, and in returning met them coming out of that street. I told them I missed two prints; they said they would go back if I made no alarm, and as I got to the door, I stopped to call a neighbour - they got a little before me into the shop. I went in and saw the green-print go from Hurley's hand on the counter - the other piece was then on the counter.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. They gave you a good deal of trouble, did not they? A. Yes; there were several prints on the counter. I did not miss the green pieces first - one of them had a basket, I think it was Hurley - they offered to be searched afterwards; neither of them had a green shawl on, that I observed.


                  MARY 
                  DYSON
               



            . My sister called me into the shop; she ran out, and I missed the green print; she ran in again - I said the green print was also gone; she ran out, and brought them back, and I saw the green print in the basket, before it was thrown on the counter; and, soon after, I saw both pieces on the counter; Hurley then said,"Search me;" I said, "There is no occasion to search you, you have thrown enough out of your basket;" she said, "Will you swear a person's life away in that manner! Oh! what lies."
Cross-examined. Q. Had one of them a green shawl on? A. Yes; I am sure the prints were not on the counter a few minutes before.


                  MARY 
                  HIGHLAND
               



            . My husband is a presser. I saw the prisoners in Margaret-street - Davis took something out of her pocket hole, and put into the basket; she then took something else more bulky, which appeared to be the green print, and put in - they carried the basket between them.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between three and four o'clock; I never saw them before.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a constable. I received them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HURLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Confined Three Months
            .
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
