





181. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BARRETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December


, 1 till, value 2d.; 3 shillings, and 5s. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  James Symons 
                  Cook
               




            .


                  FANNY 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am servant to Jas. Symons Cook, baker
, who lives near Edgeware-road


. About ten o'clock at night, on the 2d of December, I was in the back parlour, and saw the prisoner leaning over the counter, and reaching out the till - he ran out with it; I gave an alarm, but could not pursue him, as I was alone - I found him in the watch-house soon after - the till was brought to the shop - it had contained three shillings, and about 5s. in copper.


                  ROBERT 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was coming from my box, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - I turned, and the prisoner rushed past me, and up a passage where my box stands - I saw him throw this till away in the passage - I pursued him across the Harrow-road, into the Cut - a gentleman seized him, and brought him back - I said,"That is the man, who had the till and money."


                  FRANCIS 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; about half-past twelve o'clock, a watchman and some others brought in the till - Enson brought some money - Mrs. Gurney came in, and identified the prisoner as the man who took it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ENSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner running, and Miller following him - I saw him throw the till down - he had a cap on - I believe he is the man; I took up some money, and more was found by other persons.(Till produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a lad throw the till down; I ran to catch him, and was taken. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
