





Second London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1585. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     INSKIP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gorton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GORTON
               



            . I am a tea-dealer
, and carry on business in Aldermary Church-yard. On the 31st of August, about a quarter to seven o'clock, I was returning home to High-gate, and near the end of Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn


, I received information that my pocket was picked - I felt, and missed my handkerchief, and saw the prisoner in custody of a witness who produced it; it has my initials on it; the prisoner did not claim it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You were not aware of its going? A. No; I firmly believe I wore it that day - I cannot say when I felt it safe; I saw French, but did not see him lay hold of another person, to the best of my recollection.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and work for Mr. Walker. I was on Holborn-hill, and saw the prisoner and another young man behind the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner make an attempt at Mr. Gorton's pocket - he did not succeed; a third young man met with them just by the church and joined them; I followed them nearly opposite Hatton-garden, and there saw the prisoner take hold of the pocket with one hand, he took the handkerchief out with his left hand; I collared him - he threw back his left hand and dropped the handkerchief on the ground; my wife, who was with me, picked it up and gave it to Mr. Gorton; the one who joined them tried to push me away from the prisoner, but I kept him, shoved him off, and said if he did not go about his business I would take him - he went away; I did not see the other afterwards; the prisoner said he did not do it; I am positive I saw him take it.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you work at your trade constantly? A. I have not full employ; I was out on business - I have been a witness once before; I was not on the opposite side to the prisoner, but behind him, more at his side - my wife was with me in the other case; I do not go out to look for thieves, it was accidental - I only saw one touch the pocket; I shoved Sullivan off, but did not lay hold of him; I was sent for when the other two were taken - I said I would not go against them unless I was summoned, as the Alderman spoke to me so very sharp about taking this boy because I was not in full employ - he did not scold me - he said perhaps young men not in full employ would play such tricks as this to make up for lost time; it was the prisoner took the handkerchief and 
not Sullivan; I had followed the two from Holborn-bridge - I had not power to take the 
others.
COURT. Q. If you had tried to catch the three, would you not have lost them all? A. Perhaps I should.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I was with my husband, and saw the prisoner and another young man walking together; the prisoner put his hand into the gentleman's pocket and drew it out again - we walked behind him, and opposite Hatton-garden he put his hand in again, and took the handkerchief; my husband collared him - he threw it down; I picked it up, ran after Mr. Gorton, and he claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. You were examined some time ago in a case of this sort? A. Never; my husband was earning 3s. 6d. or 4s. a day at that time - he was not exactly in full employ, it is not our busy time; I was obliged to attend in the New Court before, about robbing a shoe shop where my husband worked, but he was not a witness.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILDEN
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch, and received the prisoner in charge at the watch-house; the handkerchief was given to me by Mr. Gorton, who claimed it; the other two were afterwards taken and discharged.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you send for French to attend as a witness? A. Yes; he said he did not like to attend unless he was summoned.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
