






1299. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WINN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George William Charles 
                           Lydiard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM CHARLES LYDIARD
               



            . I am a lieutenant in the Navy
. I was in Holborn


 on Tuesday last, about half-past nine o'clock, and felt my handkerchief taken from my pocket, nearly opposite St. Andrew's church


 - it was brought to me again in the watch-house by Mr. Hudson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GUMMETT
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Windmill-place. I was in Holborn, and saw the two prisoners: Smith put his hand into this gentleman's coat pocket; took out a handkerchief, and gave it to Winn - I told the gentleman; we pursued, and took them: they dropped the handkerchief in going to the watch-house. I lost sight of Smith before he was taken, but am quite sure of him; we came to the bottom of Holborn, and then met them coming back - it might be about three or four minutes after it was taken.


                  RALPH 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I was in Holborn, and saw Smith drop a handkerchief while he was being dragged to the watch-house. I took it up, and gave it to Mr. Lydiard.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WINN'S Defence. I never had it at all: I had been speaking to a gentleman.
WINN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
