





1423. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, a piece of handkerchiefs, containing fourteen, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward Malabone 
                     Watkins
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jackson
                  



               
            .
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  MALABONE WATKINS
               



            . I am a wholesale linen draper
, and live in Watling-street - 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jackson
               



             is my partner
. On the 11th of October the prisoner came into our warehouse, and took a piece of handkerchiefs, and put it under her shawl; she was accompanied by another woman - I was in the warehouse, but, perhaps, not in her sight. When I went to them either the prisoner or the other woman, asked the price of a shawl which was in the window; but having seen her take the handkerchiefs I sent for an officer; the prisoner dropped the handkerchiefs before the officer came.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a constable, and was sent for to take charge of this woman.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The young woman who lives in the same court asked me to go with her to buy a shawl - we saw a piece of coloured shawls in the window, went in, and the gentleman locked the door - he told some person to fetch somebody, and the officer came. He said,
"It is of no use to go before the Lord Mayor, for the property was only moved." The officer said,
"Yes, it is" and then I was taken.



               GUILTY
             Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
