





269. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and knowingly having in his possession three forged Bank notes
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating them to be in certain lodgings or a certain dwelling-house of his.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET, MESSRS. REYNOLDS and BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On Wednesday, the 27th of December
, in consequence of information, between one and two o'clock at night, I and Bishop went to a coffee-shop and found the prisoner in bed in a small room hardly sufficient to hold one person - he was locked in by the landlord. I asked his name and searched his room, and in a coat which laid on the bed, which he said was his, I found a 1 l. note - (looks at one) - this is it. He said,
"I suppose you have got what you wanted, you have no occasion to trouble yourself any further." I made further search, and by the side of the bed I found three other 1 l. notes wrapped in brown paper - (looks at three) - these are them. He said,
"You have now got all."


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Lavender - when he found the notes the prisoner said,
"I suppose you have got what you wanted." I asked him at the office what he meant by these expression? he said he should not deny that he had been in the habit of passing many forged notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am an inspector to the Bank of England. The notes are forged in every respect; they are all impressed from the same plate, and are the same paper and date.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  STOCK
               



            . I am a signing clerk. One note has my name, but it is not my signature - (read).


                  JOHN 
                  VAUTIN
               



            . I am a signing clerk. This note is not my signature, which it purports to bear.


                  GEORGE 
                  GALTON
               



            . I am a signing clerk. The note is not my signature.


                  ELIZA 
                  SPECKMAN
               



            . Bestall, who keeps the coffee-shop, is my brother-in-law. The prisoner slept there for sometime in the same room in which he was apprehended.
Prisoner. Q. Was the door locked - A. The outer door was - his is an inner name.
(The prisoner put in an exceedingly long written Defence, complaining that he had been injured by the newspapers reporting that he was connected with one Swan, stating that the officer would be rewarded on his conviction, and that he had no knowledge of the notes.)


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAVENDER
               



             re-examined. Q. Does your remuneration depend on the prisoner's conviction - A. Certainly not; it makes no difference to me whether he is convicted or not. I went to his lodgings entirely by the direction of Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Baker
               



            .


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



             re-examined. My remuneration does not depend on the prisoner's conviction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
