





655. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  ADDISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 5 shirts, value 28s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 8s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 3 shillings, and 9 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bardwell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS BARDWELL. I am a bricklayer
. I came from Suffolk, and was in town on Friday the 9th of January; I fell in with the prisoner about four o'clock in the afternoon, nearly opposite to Whitechapel-church - I never saw her before - she said she thought she knew me; I said no; she asked me to give her a glass of gin - I gave her and a woman, who was with her, some - I drank about half of a glass - the prisoner then asked me home with her, as she had something particular to say to me - she took me to an up - stairs room in Wentworth-street


 - the other woman came in in about ten minutes; the door was left open; I had not then lost any thing; I had the articles stated in the indictment in a bundle, and a pocket-book, with 1l. 9s, 6d. in it, in my breeches pocket - when the other woman came in the prisoner went away, put on another dress, and came in in a quarter of an hour, with a candle- we had no light before - the other women then went away; the prisoner sat down - I said I must be going; I immediately felt her hand in my left-hand breeches pocket, where my pocket-book was; she drew it out - I caught at her arm to get it; she put it into her left hand - there was a scuffle - the other woman came in - the prisoner threw the book to her, and she ran away with it - I was knocked down - the prisoner put out the light, and got away - I do not know who took the bundle, but it was there when I got up to go. I staid in the house some time - a strange woman came in - I told her - she lighted a candle, and we found the pocket-book in an hour, but no bundle; I went and stood in the street - I saw two boys, and asked them the name of the street - I then found a watchman, and we found the prisoner that night; I have found none of my property - I was quite sober - I had walked to town - I am sure she is the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am beadle of Whitechapel. I went with the prosecutor and took the prisoner at the Three Compasses, Brick-lane, in company with about fourteen other women and men; he described her person before - she did not deny it - but several girls said she had been there a long time - I took her to the watch-house, and she gave up 10s. 31/2d.; I went to search her, and a piece of paper fell from her, which she picked up, and swallowed. Bardwell described the other woman, but I have not seen her since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
