





267. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CORDERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, three yards and a half of flannel, value 6 s.; half a yard of sattin, value 2 s.; eight yards of silk trimming, value 2 s.; one yard of black cloth, value 10 s.; two pair of silk stockings, value 10 s., and one waistcoat, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hargrave
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARGRAVE
               



            . I keep the Ipswich Arms, Inn, Cullum-street, Fenchurch-street




. A parcel containing this property, I had received myself, and put into the warehouse, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; it was directed to Mr. Wilson, Sawbridgeworth. The prisoner was brought back with it. He is quite a stranger.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROSBY
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner and parcel.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Hargrave. I saw the prisoner going out of the gateway with a parcel, and called to him that he had got a parcel which did not belong to him - he made no answer. I told him to come back, but he hastened his pace, and ran down Cullum-street. I pursued, and stopped him in Fenchurch-street, just by Ironmongers' Hall, with it. I never lost sight of him - he dropped it as I collared him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me drop it - A. Yes, my attention was directed more to the parcel than to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOMHEAD
               



            . I was paying the prosecutor some money in the warehouse. As I came out I saw the prisoner under the gateway with the parcel. King said it was not his, and I assisted in pursuing him, - he was secured.
Prisoner Q. Did you see me with it - A, Yes, and I saw him drop it. I am positive he is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and saw the people running in Fenchurch-street by Cullum-street. A young man stopped me and said I was the man. I was never in the office in my life. They said they thought I was the person, but the Lord Mayor said,
"Be positive," and they said I was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
