





894. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  JASPER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 28th of February
, 1 watch, value 15l.; 2 seals, value 8l.; 1 watch-chain, value 5l.; and 1 watch-key, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel Owtram 
                        Bacon
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
SAMUEL OWTRAM BACON. I am a gentleman
. I live in York-place, City-road. About two o'clock on the 28th of February I was in Goswell-street-road


: I met a young man whom I did not observe till he that nearly past me - I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or no; but I lost my watch, chain and seals, and the person who robbed me ran down a court within two yards of me. I ran a few yards down the court, and two persons ran out from a projecting building, and held up their hands as if to stop me - they asked what was the matter; I said, "You are part of the gang that robbed me of my watch;" they turned round, and said they would find it for me; we ran on, and a little boy came up and said,"Sir, I can run fast, I will keep them in view;" he kept them all three in sight thorough a veriety of winding turnings, for I suppose a quarter of an hour - one of the three persons who were running was most undoubtedly the person who robbed me, but I cannot swear the prisoner was one - I kept sight of them, except when they turned the corners, and when I turned, I still saw three persons running - the constable happened to be passing near the New River, where I understand they ran, from, Mr. Rhodes' brick-field, but I did not see that - I have got my watch; a man of the name of Knight gave it the constable, and he gave it me: the swivel was broken in taking it from me - only one person took my watch, and in the court he was joined by two others, who pretended to be pursuers - I should think the other could not have escaped while they came up to me; there were but a few seconds elapsed; my attention was chiefly directed to them when they stopped me - there are houses at the bottom of the court.


                  JOHN 
                  FELSTEAD
               



            . On the 28th of February, I met the prisoner, and two others, running about fifteen or sixteen yards from the top of the alley; Mr. Bacon was two or three yards from them - I am certain the prisoner was one; I followed till I heard that one was stopped by an officer near the river - I did not lose sight of the prisoner till I saw him in the hands of the officer; I did not see him do anything - I went to my place.
Prisoner. Q. How many people were running? A. Only three; I and two little boys came up - they turned into a factory where they work.


                  ANN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I sweep a foot-path near the New River. I saw the prisoner, and two other young men, come up near the river; they said to one another "Run," and they turned to the right; a man, I a woman and child, were there - the man went to take hold of them, and they all fell downtogether; they all got up, and ran away - the officer pursued, and brought back the prisoner: I saw something go into the river, but cannot say who threw it, or what it was - it was something yellow, but whether it was a watch or an orange I cannot tell; there were several persons about them - I am certain the prisoner was one of the persons; he was brought back; I pointed out the spot where the watch had been thrown, to the man who came up with the drag - he got something out, but he put his hand on it, and I could not see what it was.


                  SPARROW 
                  PRYOR
               



            . I was standing near my door, at Howard's-green, on the day in question; I saw the prosecutor go by the door; I asked what was the matter; he said he had been robbed of his watch, and those were the three persons; the officer came up, and took the prisoner, who was one of them - my house is about a quarter of a mile from Goswell-street.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS WRIGHT
               



            . I am a constable. I was near the New River on the 28th of February; I thought I heard a cry of Stop thief! I looked over into Rhodes' fields, and saw a great number of people; the prisoner and two others came out of the gate; I seized the prisoner, and he knocked me down; I got up, and pursued: I caught him again in about a hundred yards from the place, and kept him - he called for assistance, and one of the other two had a large stick, which he was about to strike me with; I took out my staff, and when they saw that, the other two ran away: I saw what I believed to be a hundful of skeleton keys thrown into the river by the prisoner; he said, "Take them," and threw them up - they all spread, and went into the river; I found this screw-driver on him.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I dragged the New River on the 28th of February, at a place which several people pointed out to me, and found this watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When the prosecutor came up to me, he said, "I think that is the man; I have transported one man; and I will transport you if it lies in my power;" the boy declared he did not know me. I ran with others on hearing the cry; I solemnly declare my innocence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
