







1285. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOCKYER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Pilgrim
                     




                  , from his person
            .

MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  PILGRIM
               



            . I have a counting-house in Throgmorton-street
. On the 13th of October, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, my handkerchief was in my coat pocket, I was in Fleet-street


, near Bride-lane, and felt a pull at my pocket - I turned round and saw Nicholls concealing something under his coat behind, I charged him with the theft, as I missed my handkerchief, he denied it - while I was speaking to him several strangers surrounded me, and I retired into a stick-shop, the officers came in and asked if I had lost any thing - they had the prisoner in custody - my handkerchief was produced.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALLINGTON
               



            . I am an officer of St. Sepulchre. I was coming down the Strand about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the three prisoners together, I watched them through Temple-bar down Fleet-street, and saw them try several gentlemens' pockets, they did not succeed till they got to Mr. Pilgrim; about four or five doors from the stick-shop, I saw Lockyer draw the handkerchief out of Mr. Pilgrim's pocket, the other two were close to him - I was on the opposite side of the street, I crossed over immediately, and do not know what was done with the handkerchief. I seized Smith and Lockyer, and Keys, who was with me seized Nicholls, and drove him back to where the handkerchief was lying - it was a door or two from the shop.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Wallington, and saw the prisoners in the Strand, they were all together in company, - they came into the City, we went on the opposite side of the way, and saw Lockyer attempt several gentlemens' pockets without success - when they came to Mr. Pilgrim, five or six doors from the stick-shop, I saw Lockyer walk sharp after Mr. Pilgrim, and saw him put his hand in his pocket, take out a handkerchief, and immediately throw it behind him - Mr. Pilgrim turned round and spoke to Nicholls, they all kept walking on - I ran over, took Nicholls, and pulled him back to where the handkerchief lay.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
NICHOLLS'S Defence. The gentleman caught hold of me, and said I was concealing his handkerchief - he felt, and found nothing. I do not know the others.
LOCKYER'S Defence. I was thirty yards off, and do not know the other two.
NICHOLLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27
         
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32
         
LOCKYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17
         






               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
