





NEW COURT, Sixth Day.
Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
243. 
               
                  MARY 
                  PRICE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 2 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blackwell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BLACKWELL. I am labourer
. I met the prisoner in Whitechapel, between three and four o'clock in the morning of the 9th of November; I turned round the corner of White-Hart court


 with her, and staid five or ten minutes - I had 12s. in my fob; my trousers were loose -I felt her pushing against me; I took her hand, and found half a crown in it, which she had taken, from my pocket; I then felt my pocket, and there was half a crown more gone - I tried to get it from her; she put it under her clothes - she cried out, and I called the watchman.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you ask what I had in my hand, and I said it belonged to me; you made use of very bad language, and said what I had got you would have; and you thrust your hand into my bosom and under my clothes - I cried Murder! three or four times? A. Yes, she did cry Murder! - I heard a bad sixpence fall on the ground - I did not take her up there; I was standing to get something to drink - I was shut out of my lodging.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. The prosecutor said he had been robbed of 12s. - he produced a half-crown and a shilling; I found a half-crown and a bad sixpence secreted on the prisoner - I had before desired her to produce the money, and she said she had none.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BREN
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoner cried Murder! three times, and I came up - she said the man wanted to take liberties with her; he replied that she had robbed him, and he had got half a crown from her - he said she had got half a crown more, and a shilling; he picked up a sixpence from the ground - she said she had not got a halfpenny in the world.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was returning home, down Whitechapel, I met a person I had seen previously, who gave me sixpence to drink his health - it was so bad that no person could offer it - the prosecutor had treated me at a public-house before, and while I was waiting for the person who gave me the sixpence, he came up with two other persons, and said, "Old girl, can you tell me where I can get any thing to drink?" one of them said it was very cold - the prosecutor then said, "Come on, old girl, we are all on the look out;" we went to the side-door of a public-house - the prosecutor stood outside, and the other two called for half a pint of gin, or gin and peppermint; he then said to me, "I want to speak to you;" he went up a private place, and began to take very improper liberties with me - I said, "If you will go to a house I have no objection" - I never touched his pocket; he took nothing from me but the bad sixpence; if it had been a good one he would have sworn it was his - he thrust his hand into my bosom and under my clothes; I called out Murder! he said he would have every farthing of money I had,
JOHN BLACKWELL re-examined. Q.Did you go to any public-house with her? A.There were two young men with her in a public-house: I went in and saw them, took a glass of peppermint, and then went out - I did not know them: we were not together.
JURY to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            , Q. Had the prisoner any pockets on? A. No, her pocket was in her stays; I found some duplicates there, but no money - the prosecutor was sober, and accused her of robbing him of 12s., but when they were both searched, the money found corresponded with what he stated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
