





661. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WEIR
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Holley
                     




                  , about ten o'clock in the night, on the 30th of March
, and stealing 4 blankets, value 20s.; 2 pairs of sheets, value 20s.; 4 pillows, value 20s.; 1 bolster, value 5s., and a parasol, value 5s.
            , his property.


                  MARY 
                  HOLLEY
               



            . I am wife of James Holley, who lives in Rose-lane, Spitalfields


. On the 31st of March, about ten o'clock at night, my next door neighbour informed me I was robbed; I went to my bed-room on the first floor, and found it locked as I had left it, but missed this property - they were safe between seven and eight o'clock; I found the window open - there were foot marks on the window ledge - the thieves had gone out that way; the prisoner lodged with me four or five months ago - he was brought to my house in custody, with the property, that night.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am night-beadle. About half-past ten o'clock on this evening, I was going down Essex-street, which leads to Rose-street, and met the prisoner with another young man, running down the middle of the street - no alarm was made; I kept them in sight for thirty or forty yards - when they had passed about twelve yards I heard a rattle sprung; I then pursued and secured the prisoner- he immediately shifted a parcel out of his coat and threw it from him; Mr. Holley claimed it - I had not seen him with the bedding.
MRS. HOLLEY. This parcel was in my bed-room with the bedding.
Prisoner's Defence. On the night in question I left work about half-past nine o'clock, and, after having a pint of beer, was returning home - when I got half way down Essex-street two men ran by me - I turned round to look at them, and saw them throw something down; I turned to pick it up when the officer struck me - he picked it up,and took me into custody; I positively declare my innocence.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39s. only, and not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
