





673. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, eleven pounds of Sultana raisins, value 6 s.; three pounds and a-half of currants, value 3 s. 8 d.; and six pounds of sugar, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hancock
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hogg
                  



               
            , his masters

.
MR. LAW conducted the Prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am a city officer. On the 2d of March, in consequence of directions, I watched the prosecutors' premises; and about ten minutes to seven o'clock I saw the prisoner coming along Thames-street; I said, Coleman you are suspected of robbing your employers; he said he had not. I said, you have property about you now; he said he had not, and agreed to go with me to the stables. I attempted to search him; he dragged me to a dark part of the stables, gave me a violent kick, and we both fell, and then he got rid of what he had. I could feel something under his apron in the scuffle, and when he had got rid of it he got up, and said,
"What do you want of me;" and down the cellar stairs, at that place, I found these raisins, a bag of currants, and a bag of plumbs; they were Mr. Hancock's stables, opposite to his house; a picklock key was produced to me, which I tried to the warehouse door - it opens it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you attempted to search him he began the struggle - A. Yes, I did not see him throw any thing away, it was so dark; he had something bulky under his apron, in the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSHIRE
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Marchant's assistance, and took the prisoner into custody; he walked about the kitchen in great agitation; the servant said,
"What is the matter George," he said,
"I am accused of robbing master;" she said,
"You had better sit down and make yourself comfortable; he sat down, and presently started up and made his way into a door, which I found was his bed-room; he shut the door and jammed my knuckles between it and the post. Marchant came, and we secured him with some difficulty; we found the keys of his box on him, and in it was six pounds of sugar.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. On this day, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I stood at the warehouse door, and saw the prisoner go into Thames-street; my master lives on Bread-street-hill - he returned with Marchant, who took him into the stable; I heard a scuffle, and on going in it was nearly over. There is a cellar under the place; I got a light, went with the officers there, and found a bag of raisins at the foot of the cellar stairs, close to where they were struggling.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the bags on the steps - A. They appeared to have rolled down. I found them there not three minutes after he was secured.


                  THOMAS 
                  PUGH
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I was with the witness, heard the scuffle, and found the bags.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COX
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Hancock. I was in the next stable, heard a noise, came out, and the officer called me to help him, but I was frightened - they were struggling close at the top of the cellar stairs; I got a light, and found two bags close to the stairs. I had been in the stable a quarter of an hour before. I fetched the keys out of my master's room - nobody else could have put the property there. There were several trusses of hay close to where he was taken, and about nine days after, when I used the hay, I found a picklock-key among it - I saw it tried to the warehouse door; it unlocked it. The door leads from the place the prisoner occupied in the house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the hay packed pretty tight - A. One or two trusses were apart from the others.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HOGG
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Hancock
               



            . The prisoner was our servant, and occupied a room in our house, which communicates with the warehouse by a door which we kept locked; he had no key to it with our permission, and had no authority to touch any of the property. I know some of this sugar, it being chippings, and a quality we use very little of; it corresponds with the bulk in the cask; we have such currants in our warehouse, and here is a package of Sultana raisins; we miss exactly this quantity. The boxes were broken and left empty.
Cross-examined. Q. If your servant stole raisins he would not leave empty boxes to be seen - A. He could not take them out. The sugar is broken to pieces for samples.
Prisoner's Defence. Every man in the place has access to the stables. My reason for struggling with the officer was because he ran his hand into my breeches.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
