





1120. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TAP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 1 tea-pot, value 5s., and 1 spoon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Edward 
                  Brand
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Kensington-gravel-pits. On the 23d of April, about ten o'clock, the prisoner and another ran past me; the other had a basket under his arm - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Mr. Brand running after them - I ran and overtook them in Elms-lane - I detained the prisoner till Mr. Brand came up; a witness said they had thrown the things over a hedge - I went and got them, and gave them to Mr. Brand; there was a tea-pot a spoon, and a basket with some sharings over them.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you see any one else? A. Yes, another man close by him; they were walking when they passed by me, and then they set off running, when they got about two hundred yards. - The prisoner did not try to make his escape; I held him ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I saw the prisoner and another man in company together; the other had a basket - they were both running. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Evans stop the prisoner, who said he had done nothing. I saw the other man throw a basket away, just as he got by me. I heard the prisoner tell him to do so twice.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you heard that? A. Yes - they were not more than three yards from me; I was in the road - they had turned a corner, and were running towards me, as I was delivering some beer.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am the wife of John Edward Brand - we live at Bayswater


. I saw the prisoner waiting by my gate till the other man came out with a basket - they joined together instantly, and walked down the lane; I went out of my back garden, and called the witness to pursue them - they were quite strangers to me; the property was taken from my scullery - they opened the gate, came down a long garden, and went in there.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. I was coming towards my own gate, and saw the other come out, and the prisoner waiting there; I do not know whether the prisoner touched the basket; there were some shavings in the basket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
