






1638. 
               
                  HUMPHREY 
                  TOMKINS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SEABRIGHT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, a sheet, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel William 
                  Pyall
               




            .
SAMUEL WILLIAM PYALL. I live in Frederick-street, Regent's Park


. On Friday last, about six o'clock in the evening, my wife was in the wash-house, when a lad looked over the wall, and asked if she had lost any thing - she then missed the property off a line; there were three men running; I went out after them, and met my son-in-law, with Tomkins in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES
               



            . On Friday evening I was in Little Albany-street, Regent's-park, and saw the two prisoners, in company with another person; Seabright helped Tomkins to the top of the wall, and he took a sheet from the line; they went towards Little Brook-street, towards the Hampstead-road.


                  HENRY 
                  RACKHAM
               



            . On Friday evening I went into the street about ten minutes past six o'clock, and saw Tomkins in Laxton-place, with the sheet wrapped up in a dark handkerchief; I asked him what he had done with it; he turned round, and threw it down an area. I got it up.


                  HANNAH 
                  PYALL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I hung three sheets on a line about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon of Friday last; I saw them safe about six o'clock - in about ten minutes a little boy called to me, and asked if I had lost any thing; I looked, and missed the sheet - I gave the alarm - my son and husband ran out; my son caught Tomkins, and brought him back with the sheet.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer. I took Tomkins into custody, and Seabright the next day. I saw the witness, Thomas James, there, and when he saw Seabright he said that was one of the men who committed the robbery.
THOMAS JAMES re-examined. Q. Did you see Tomkins take the sheet? A. Yes. I knew him by sight before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TOMKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
SEABRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
