





1761. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 2 spoons, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christmas William 
                     Colls
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  ARGENT
               



            . I live at the Rainbow tavern, Fleet-street


; 
               
                  Christopher 
                  William Colls
               



             is the proprietor
. On the 24th of July, between seven and eight o'clock the prisoner came into the coffee-house as a customer; I was serving - he called for a go of rum, which I gave him and a silver tea-spoon with it; a person afterwards came in who I had seen in his company the night before, when we had lost four spoons - his companion had a go of whiskey; we had other customers in the room - they staid till ten, had supper, and two more goes after, and had four spoons altogether - I missed two before they left the house; they had the tavern mark on them - they went out together; I followed them out, pretending to go to see the time - I came up with them, caught hold of the prisoner, and the watchman took hold of the other; I had given him information before they left - they wanted to know what charge I had against them; I said I would let them know when we got over to the watch-house - before we got there, one spoon was found with the tavern mark on it: I had seen the prisoner attempt to throw it away - only one has been found: the prisoner said he had taken it up with his handkerchief by mistake.
Prisoner. Q. When you brought the glass of liquor did you not observe my handkerchief on the table? A. I did not; I noticed his hat on the table and saw him playing with the spoon in his hand, while his hat was on the table - we were going to discharge all the servants on account of losing so much plate.


                  ROBERT 
                  NATHANIEL CRESWELL
               



            , ESQ. I am a barrister. I was at the coffee-house, and in consequence of information from the last witness I followed the prisoner and the other out; and when we got about two yards into the street, they were stopped by Argent and the watchman - I happened to be about a yard behind the prisoner, and saw his right hand coming out of his coat pocket with a white handkerchief in it, and the end of the spoon peepingout of the handkerchief - I immediately collared him, caught his hand, and held it with the handkerchief in it; I said, "You will see the spoon here," and took it out of his hand - he held out his hand, and said, "Oh, I have got nothing."
Prisoner. Q. Do not you recollect saying at Guiddhall that when you took the spoon out of my hand that you said, "That is not it?" A. I did not say so - I marked the spoon with my initials, and gave it to the officer.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEWBURY
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - Mr. Creswell delivered me this spoon - the Alderman discharged the other prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner, in his defence, stated that he had placed his handkerchief on the table to prevent his coat-sleeve from getting wet, and on replacing it in his pocket, he was unconscious of the spoon being there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
