






1340. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HEADY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DRAPER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, the sum of 3 s. 2 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Anderson
                     




                  , from her person
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I live in Upper Chapman-street;my father is a watchman in the London Docks. On Saturday, the 13th of October, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, my mistress had paid me my wages; I was going home, and at the top of Rose-lane, Spitalfields


, a little boy asked me to buy a halfpenny worth of pins. I had 3 s. 2 s. in the corner of my shawl, which was round my neck - I was untying it to pay him, and Heady hit me over the hand with a stick, and tried to knock the money out of my hand, but could not; then Draper came and snatched it out of my hand, and tore the end of my shawl off - he ran down the street; they both ran away together with the money, and were apprehended that night. I never saw them before, but am sure they are the boys. My money was a half-crown, six penny pieces, and four halfpence.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am a headborough, I took the prisoners into custody, about a quarter of an hour after the robbery; the girl came crying to me, pointed them out, and said they were the boys. I took Heady, Draper ran into a house. I took him, and he said to another sweep in the house, "Give me the money, and I will give it to the girl." He gave him a half-crown, six penny pieces, and four halfpence. I took them out of his hand.
DRAPER'S Defence. I knocked the money out of her hand by accident, and when I got home I was quite surprised to find it in my hand.
HEADY'S Defence. I saw him running, but did not know what it was about.
HEADY - 

               GUILTY
            , Aged 19.
DRAPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
