





54. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CLARY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 1 crown, 5 half-crowns, and 3 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Barnden
               




            .
WALTER BARNDEN. I live at No. 25, Brick-lane. On the 4th of December, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going from Fleet-market to Blackfriars-bridge; I had a crown, five half-crowns, and three shillings in my purse; I was sober - the prisoner came up to me in Bridge-street, near Earl-street


, and asked me the way to Blackfriars-bridge - he asked if I had been long out of the country; I said I had been in town about a fortnight; he asked if I knew Mill-hill; I said it was near Barnet - a young man came by, and dropped a needle-case - the prisoner picked it up, opened it, and took out a needle - he said, "I suppose it belongs to some tailor - I will have a lark with it;" he stuck the needle into his coat, and put a pin into the case - he gave it into my hand, and said it was of no use; I said, "If it is of no use to you, it will do for my little sister;" the man who dropped it came back, and appeared to be looking for something; I said, "I suppose this is what you are looking for," and gave it him; he said it was of no consequence, it was only a needle; the prisoner said, "You have not got a needle in it;" he said, "I have;" the prisoner said, "I will bet you 6d. there is no needle in it;" he said he would bet a sovereign - the prisoner said he had only 6d., and asked if I had any - I said I had; he nudged my arm, and said,"Put it down;" the young man put a sovereign into the prisoner's hands, and I put down one crown, five half-crowns, and three shillings; they opened the needle-case, and there was a pin and needle in it; they laughed at me, and ran away, but I collared the prisoner. I did not know what I was about; I had been most of my time in the country - when I collared the prisoner, some others caught hold of me behind, and said, "What do you want with him, he has not got your money; that man has got it, who is running away;" he got from me, and ran down Earl-street; I hallooed Stop thief! and he was secured before I lost sight of him; I have not found my money; he said, at Guildhall, if I would not come against him, he would get all my money back.
Prisoner. Q. Did you expect to win or lose? A. I did not know what I was doing; I laid no wager.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               



            . I am an officer. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and the prisoner was running down Earl-street, pursued by a number of people; he was secured, and the prosecutor gave the statement he has now, as he went to the Compter; I heard him say something to the prosecutor to the effect he has stated, but, being in conversation with another officer, I did not attend to it.
Prisoner's Defence. He tapped me on the shoulder, and asked if I would decide a wager; I asked what it was, and said, "Well, I will hold it, just to decide the wager;" he gave me the money, and told me to give it to the winner, which I did - he turned round, and said I had got his money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
