






1156. 
               
                  WALTER 
                  MINTER
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HEWITT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, 96lbs. of lead, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Humbert
                     




                  , widow
, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  EDGSON
               



            . I am constable of Hammersmith. I received a note from Mr. Burrage, and went to watch at his shop on the 19th of April - he deals in marine-stores. Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning I saw Hewitt go into the shop with a sack - Burrage went in after him; some time after I saw Minter go by, on the other side of the way, with a sack - I went over and took him; I took them both into custody at Burrage's shop, and saw both sacks emptied - they contained lead - I heard them say they found it that morning, while bird's-nesting - I went and saw the lead fitted to the top of Mrs. Humbert's house - it matched exactly - I have known Minter a long time, and have seen Hewitt before.


                  JOHN 
                  BURRAGE
               



            . I deal in marine-stores, I directed Edgson to attend my house on the morning of the 19th - at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon of the 18th the prisoners came and sold me an axe and spade; one of them asked if I bought lead - I said Yes; they said, "What do you give?" I said, 12s. 1cwt. - one of them, with an oath, said, "In the Dover-road we can get 16s." - I asked who from; they said, with some hesitation, "Mr. Homer, a lead-melter;" they went away, and at half-past seven o'clock in the evening they came with another person, and asked if I would give any more; one of them said, "We heard there was a stoppage at your shop;" I said that was immaterial to me, if the property was honestly got, there was the money; next morning, about seven o'clock, they came and said, "Master, we have got 1cwt." - I asked when they would come; they said, "In about an hour;" I said"Make it nine" - I then informed the officer, who came.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. What is lead worth? A. I sell it for 14s. per cwt. in the market - my house is a quarter of a mile from Mrs. Humbert's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WESCOMB
               



            . I am a plumber. I fetched the lead to Mrs. Humbert's house - it tallied exactly - I firmly believe that it came from there.
ELIZABETH HUMBERT. I am a widow, and live in Church-lane, Hammersmith


 - I saw this lead safe on the evening of the 18th, and missed it about eight o'clock the next morning - there were about 93lbs. - it was fixed to my dwelling-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see some young men about there? A. No.
HEWETT'S Defence. We got up about half-past seven o'clock, and found these two sacks in the fields - we took it to this man. HEWETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
MINTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
