





1261. 
               
                  
                     JULIA 
                     WEATHERALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, three shirts, value 14 s.; five frocks, value 5 s.; one petticoat, value 4 s.; three yards of calico, value 18 d.; two pair of stockings, value 3 s., and one waistcoat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Connelly
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  CONNELLY
               



            . I am the wife of James Connelly, and keep a fruit stall, and live in Poplar-place, Pancras


. On the 9th of July, the prisoner was my servant
; she came to me about two o'clock on the 9th; she asked leave to go to St. Giles's, and took my key in order to make tea when she returned. I waited till seven o'clock - she never returned. I missed these things, and found the duplicates of part of them on the mantle piece. I took her at ten o'clock at night, at a house where she lived before she came to me; the watchman found an apron and two handkerchiefs of mine on her. I said,
"How could you rob such a poor woman as me." She said," What a piece of work you make about a few trifling articles."


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUCKING
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to her lodging and found two handkerchiefs and an apron on her; she said, what a piece of work there was about such trifles.


                  HENRY 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Tomlinson, pawnbroker. I have several articles which the prisonerpawned; the duplicates produced are what I gave her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
