






Before Lord 
               
                  Chief 
                  Baron Richards
               



            .
210. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HUMPHREYS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
            , were indicted for a 


               burglary, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John Osbern 
                           Mosley
                        




                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 10th of December
, and stealing therein a pocket-book,, value 10 d.; a box, value 1 d.; twenty-four cards, value 1 s.; and nine pencils, value 2 s.
            ; his property.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Osbern Mosley
               



            , who keeps a circulating library
 in the City-road


. On the 10th of December, at three o'clock in the afternoon the shop window was secure; it had been broken, and I had placed a piece of glass against it and some books to keep it close; these things were then safe. The prisoners were brought in in the evening, and I missed them from the window.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I am constable of St. Luke's. On the 10th of December, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw two boys at the window, I had seen them in Chiswell-street, the same evening, I observed both of them go towards the prosecutor's door, and stoop down by the window, they did something by a pane of glass and then ran off; I could not distinctly see what they did, they run towards Featherstone-street, I went up to the windows and saw a great hole large enough for a man's hand to enter, and a pane of glass broken. I then went after them, but lost sight of them, I met Vann and turned towards Mosley's shop again, and saw the same two boys by the window; I believe there was another boy with them; I tried to take the biggest who was Humphrey's, but he run into the horse-road, and tried to throw his hat off, but I prevented him and secured him; I took him into the shop, and found a small pocket-book in his hat, and a box with cards in it, and four pencils.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . On the 10th of December, I was right opposite Mosley's shop, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I had not been there five minutes before I saw Matthews put his hand into the window, and take something out and give it to Humphrey's. I knew them before, I ran across the road to take them, but they both run away, I lost sight of them at the corner of Featherstone-street. I returned and saw Bridges, we went to the shop window and saw them there again; Bridges took Humphrey's.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . On the 10th of December, I was walking down the City Road, and saw Bridges looking about. I walked by Mosley's shop, and saw two boys looking at the window; I took Matthews, and in his left hand breeches pocket, I found four pencils, and twenty four cards of Scripture biography.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HUMPHREYS'S Defence. We were coming home from the fields, and looking in at the window, Matthews saw these these things tumbling out of the hole, took them, and gave me some.
HUMPHREYS - GUILTY. Aged 13.
MATTHEWS - GUILTY. Aged 12.




               Of Larceny only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
