





1102. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 gold seal, value 8s.; 1 other seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d., and 1 ribbon, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph Middleton 
                  Oliver
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Middleton Oliver, a shoemaker
. We lodge in the lower part of a house in Bishopsgate-street


; this watch hung over the mantel-piece in the parlour, behind the shop; I was in the shop attending to a gentleman; there is a gateway, through which a person can get to the parlour without going through the shop; I saw the parlour door go back - I had left it on the latch; I immediately opened the shop door, and saw the prisoner run out of the parlour - he was dressed in a brown great coat: I am certain of him. I returned to the shop, alarmed Payne, who pursued and brought him back in two or three minutes; the watch was missing - I had seen it safe two minutes before - it has not been found. I am certain of him; he gave no reason for being in the parlour.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. You saw him at the door? A. I saw him coming out of the parlour into the passage; there is a glass door between the parlour and passage; I saw nobody with him.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM PAYNE
               



            . I am in Mrs. Oliver's employ. A person came in to buy a pair of boots; I knocked for mistress to come into the shop; she alarmed me; I saw the prisoner come out of the room door myself; I immediately followed him up Bishopsgate-street, down Old Bedlam, and into a stable-yard; he there dodged me between the coaches, struck me in the breast, and tore my coat; I at last caught him by his coat tail; he sat down, wanted me to return back, and, as he passed a dung-hill, he threw his hand out, but I did not see what he threw away; I took him to mistress; she said, "That is the man who stole the watch;" I returned to the stable-yard to look on the dung-hill, but two men there said if I dare enter the yard they would knock me down. I am certain of the prisoner's person.
Cross-examined. Q. The stable-yard was private property? A. It belongs to the Two-penny Post-office; the men were strangers there - I should know them again; they stood near the dong-hill; I have no doubt but he threw the watch there; I lost sight of him twice in turning the corner for a moment.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found the duplicate of a lady's retucule, and purse on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The reticule and purse are my sister's. I was going through this yard when the witness collared me, and asked what I had done with the watch - I said I knew nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
