





FOURTH DAY. SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1822.
221. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, one coat, value 2 l.; one pair of gloves, value 1 s.; and one handkerchief, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Launcelot Baugh 
                  Allen
               




            , Esq.




                  JOHN 
                  NEWCOMBE
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Launcelot 
                  Baugh
               



             Allen, Esq., of Dulwich. On the 17th of December I drove his gig to London - I stopped at Morrison's music shop, in Princes-street, Soho


. I left the gig about twominutes at the door in charge of Morrison's son, my master's coat was on the driving seat, hanging over the back; I heard the cry of Stop thief! went to the door, it was gone, and the boy was pursuing somebody; he returned with the coat, the gloves and handkerchief were in the pocket. I saw the prisoner in charge about five minutes after.


                  THOMAS 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I am a brass founder, and live in King-street, Soho. I was passing down King-street, about six o'clock, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was turning the corner of Macclesfield-street, running - nobody was before him, I collared him, and asked why he was running; he said, he knew nothing about it, I said he must have heard the cry - while I was talking to him, Morrison's son came up, and said, he had stolen a coat from a gig in Princes-street; he said,
"Bless your soul, I know nothing of it."


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am near fourteen years old. Allen's servant came with the gig and I took care of it, and stood opposite the horse's head; the prisoner came up and pulled the coat off, and ran off with it; I gave an alarm and pursued, Mr. Dudley stopped him, and saw him drop the coat on Ryder's foot, in Gerrard-street; when I came up, I charged him with stealing it, he denied it, I never lost sight of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am a publican, and live in Oxford-street. I was in Gerrard-street, and saw a man running with a coat on his arm, he went off the pavement and threw it at my feet, I picked it up, two boys were running after him, he turned up Macclesfield-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They have all sworn false, for the boy was at the shop when I was brought back, they told him to swear to me, right or wrong.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
