






1748. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  FLASHMAN
               





             and 
               
                  JOSEPH CHARLES 
                  HALL
               





             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Shaw
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 31st of August,
 putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 seal, value 10s.; 2 keys, value 8s., and 1 ring, value 2s., his property
            .
JOSEPH SHAW. I am servant
 to 
               
                  Ashley 
                  Cooper
               



            , Esq. On the 31st of August I was out of place, and about eight o'clock in the evening I was at the end of St. Martin's-court, in St. Martin's-lane


, going home to Crown-street, Westminster; I looked up to read the name of the court, and Flashman snatched at my watch - the ribbon broke; he got the seals, key, and ring, and ran up the court; I followed, calling Stop thief! (he came right in front of me) I never lost sight of him till the officer took him; a crowd collected: as we were going to the watch-house Hall came up, took hold of my arm, and said, "That is not the man who robbed you - I know where he is gone"- we then went to the watch-house - my property has not been found.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. At the time the man snatched your watch did you hear any thing? A. No. The place was very quiet. I had not seen Hall till he spoke to me.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty at the end of St. Martin's-court, looking up New-street, and saw the two prisoners station themselves at the bottom of the court; Flashman stood at the corner, and Hall about a yard from him, so as to let one person pass between them - I heard Hall say "Now;" they drew close together: the prosecutor came up - Flashman snatched at his watch and ran away; I pursued, and took him; Hall came up, and said, "Let that young man go - he is not the person"- I said, "If you know any thing about the robbery come to the watch-house;" I saw Hall go close to Flashman's side - my brother officer came up - I got him to hold Flashman's other arm; we went to the watch-house, and secured him there - then came out, and took Hall; I knew them before.
Cross-examined. Q. They must have been close together? A. Yes - I was not two yards off; the snatch was made within a second of his saying "Now." I was paying more attention to them than Shaw - whether he heard it I do not know; Hall might have escaped if he chose. The watchmen were not on duty.
JOSEPH SHAW. I do not recollect hearing the word"Now."
FLASHMAN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
HALL - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
Of stealing from the person only.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
