





446. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     HAMMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 12 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Budd
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUDD
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and work for Mr. Mann, of Vauxhall-road - I met the prisoner in Tothill-street on Christmas-night, about half-past eleven o'clock; she was a stranger - I was quite sober; she took my hand, and asked me home with her - I went with her to No. 3, Old Pie-street


, to a second floor front room, and went to bed - I was there about an hour and a half; I had twelve sovereigns and an old guinea in a purse in my left-hand trousers pocket, which was on a chair by the bedside - I heard her going out of the door, and asked where she was going; she said, to the yard, and would return in two minutes; in about five minutes, as she did not come, I got up, and found my trousers half-way down the stairs - the twelve sovereigns and the purse were gone, but the guinea was left in the pocket; I had felt my money safe as I walked with her, but not afterwards - I gave her 2s. from another pocket - the door was bolted inside; nobody could have entered the room - I dressed, and called a watchman, described her to him, and saw her on the following Sunday morning, but have not found the money or purse - when she was taken, she said, "Phillips, give me my old stays which were left in the room."


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 26th of December, at one o'clock in the morning, I saw Budd at the door of this house, calling Watch! he said he was robbed of twelve sovereigns and a purse, and had found his trousers on the stairs, and an old guinea in them - we looked about, but could not find the prisoner; she had left her bonnet, shawl, and stays in the room - I took them to the landlady, and locked the door - Budd appeared quite sober.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoner in Parker's-rents, Old Pie-street - Budd was with me, and identified her. I found on her 3s., three duplicates, a pair of new stays, and a new shawl - I returned to the room where I took her, and found several articles of new furniture (which were there when I took her) were removed - there were two other women in the room.
Prisoner's Defence. I was sleeping in Little Dean-street that night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
