





1157. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STOKES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 3 blankets, value 1l.; 2 sheets, value 10s.; 1 set of bed-furniture, value 10s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 1s.; 1 basin, value 3d.; 1 jug, value 3d., and 4 spoons, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        James
                     




                  , in a lodging-room in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM JAMES. I live in Wilderness-row, Chelsea


. On the 10th of November I let the prisoner a back parlour, furnished, for 5s. a week - he lodged there four days and left without notice; when he had been gone out about three hours I saw a large fire in the room; I went in and extinguished it - it appeared to have been done designedly - it was the cupboard which was burning, about two feet from the fire-place; there was no fire in the fire-place, but there had been a candle upon one corner of the mantel-shelf, which is connected with the cupboard; the paper of the wall had been pulled down, and there had been paper put under one of the cupboard shelves, which had been burning, but had gone out; I did not see it burning; I then missed the property - I believe the door was locked, but I broke it open as I did not get any answer. I never saw the prisoner or his wife till the 28th of May, when I was, by chance, walking along Park-lane, and saw him talking to another man - he ran down Park-lane and into a mews, where a gentleman stopped him, and he was taken to the watch-house. No person was in the room during the four days he occupied it but himself and his wife. I had lost the key out of my parlour door while he was there, which made me suspicious.


                  JANE 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am the wife of William James. The prisoners took our back parlour on the 10th of November, and left on the 14th, when this property was missing; my husband had put out the candle before I got into the room - the cupboard had been burning.


                  HENRY 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Lower George-street, Chelsea. I have a pair of sheets pawned on the 14th of November by the prisoner.


                  DAVID 
                  TRAIL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two blankets, and some furniture, pawned on the 14th of November.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the office, and his wife came and asked for him, in another name; I went with a brother officer to search his lodgings - his wife followed me, and told me where the things were pawned.
Prisoner. Q. Did not my wife state that she had taken the property unknown to me, and that I was at Brighton at the time? A. No, she said no such thing.
The prisoner, in a written defence, stated that his wife hadpawned the property during his absence at Brighton, she being in distressed circumstances.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
