







494. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRATT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEADDROSS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        George Richard 
                        Pooley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE RICHARD POOLEY. I am clerk to a wine-merchant
. On the 15th of December I was at the entrance of Holborn-court, Gray's Inn


, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, and lost a silk handkerchief; Roberts told me it was taken and I missed it: I did not see the prisoners then, but did in about ten minutes.
ARTAXERXAS BROWN. I am a constable of St. Andrew's parish. I was on duty on the night of the 15th, when the prisoners were brought to the watch-house; this handkerchief and some others were delivered to me - neither of the prisoners denied it.
BENJAMIN 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I gave the five handkerchiefs to Brown: I took the prisoners into a shop, for they would not walk - in the scuffle Deaddross' hat fell off and I saw these handkerchiefs in it; this was between nine and ten o'clock at night, nearly opposite Brownlow-street; I had seen Pratt put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, take the handkerchief, and give it to Deaddross, who was about twenty yards off when he took it.
THOMAS ROBERTS. I was in Holborn and saw the two prisoners and a third person; I saw Pratt go and take the prosecutor's handkerchief - I went and told him: I went with Murray, and found the prisoners in Holborn and took them.
THOMAS ASPREY. I am a watchman, and took the prisoners into custody; Deaddross said he had done nothing, but in the watch-house he owned one of the handkerchiefs.(Property produced and sworn to.)
DEADDROSS' Defence. I was coming down Holborn, and one handkerchief, which I owned to, was taken out of my hat.
PRATT put in a written Defence, stating that he had been seduced into crime. Several witnesses gave him a good character, and engaged to employ him.
PRATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
DEADDROSS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
