





747. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GABEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, one watch, value 25 s., and two seals, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Collins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I sell fruit
, and live in Bond's-place, Goswell-street. I was going down Chiswell-street


, on the 21st of April, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I had two seals fastened to my watch; the prisoner came behind me and took hold of the ribbon, - I saw the watch going, and had hold of his arm; he handed the watch over his shoulder to somebody, but they would not take it. I kept hold of him till somebody behind shoved me down, and he got away. I called Stop thief! and he was stopped; I am certain of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and work for Mr. Hewitt, of Bethnal-green. I was in Chiswell-street, between five and six o'clock, and heard the cry; I saw the prisoner trying to make off, and seized him about two yards from Collins, who was rising from the ground. I saw the watch drop from his left hand. Several persons ran away when I took him; he said nothing, but hallooed and called for assistance.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROCKFORD
               



            . I am a paper-hanger. I was with Hill, and heard the cry; Hill seized the prisoner, and said there is your watch, I picked it up. I heard the cry of
"rescue," but they all ran away.
(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along with a funeral procession. The prosecutor called out that he was robbed,I happened to see a friend, and ran to overtake him, when I was seized; two people ran by me as fast as possible, and they, no doubt, committed the robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
