





1430. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CARTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Small
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS SMALL. I was coachman
 to Mr. Nottage, of Wandsworth. I was discharged from his service on the 13th of July - I met the prisoner on the 14th at the King's Head public-house, James-street, Covent-garden


, a little before twelve o'clock in the day - she was quite a stranger, and was there before I got there; I sat down near her, and had a pint of ale - some other persons came in - I might be two hours in their company - I then went with her and three or four others over the way to the Ship public-house; I was not drunk - I took out my watch to see what o'clock it was, and the prisoner snatched it out of my hand - she ran away; when I turned out of the door, it was between two and three o'clock - I saw it the next day at the pawnbroker's - I was very little the worse for liquor; I can swear positively I had not given her the watch - there were three or four other girls about me.


                  ISAAC 
                  SAYER
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to the Fox-under-the-hill public-house, and there I received information that the prosecutor had been robbed - he appeared to be out of his mind - he related to me in substance what he has now - he described the girl, and I went to the King's Head, and took her up; I am quite certain she denied ever having the watch, and so she said at the watch-house - the prosecutor was sober - he could describe her person.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WINSCOM
               



            . I live with Mr. Wells, a pawnbroker, No. 49, Broad-street, St. Giles'. This watch was pawned there on the 14th of July, by the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am a poor woman. I saw the prisoner pass my door on the 14th of July - she took a silver watch out of her pocket - she said to two other girls, that she had got the watch, and 1s. 6d. - I did not know her, but I saw her again at the office.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that the prosecutor had sent her to pledge the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
