





204. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, one watch, value 4 l., one seal value 4 s., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Reed
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MARK 
                  REED
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live at Aldgate. On Monday night, there was an overdriven ox in the street; I went to the door to prevent the people breaking the window, the prisoner, with several others, came up to the door, saying,
"Take care, here he comes;" the ox was coming. I received a blow on my shoulder, and immediately felt my watch being drawn from my fob. I put my hand down to protect it, it had not got out of my fob; I caught hold of my watch, the prisoner drew it through my hand, by some means or other. I touched the outer case, which came off, and he made his way through the mob with the watch - it was about six o'clock in the evening; I pursued, and as I passed through the gang, I received a blow on my side, which took my breath away, till I got about six houses off. I then cried Stop thief! I was only a few yards from him, keeping my eye on him, and crying Stop thief! He was turning up Black Horse-yard, and was stopped - I never lost sight of him from the time he took the watch, till he was stopped. At the time he was seized, I received another blow on my head - the watch was picked up in the kennel, a few yards from him, I am certain of him.
Prisoner. Q. How could you swear to me - A. He looked me full in the face before he took it.


                  CHARLES 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Lime-street. I was in Aldgate


, about six o'clock in the evening, near the Black-horse, public-house, and heard the cry. About three minutes after, I saw the prisoner running down the middle of the road, a gentleman seized him - I heard something rattle on the pavement, and upon looking, saw the watch about four yards from where he was stopped, without the case, the prosecutor claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BILLETT
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, and live in Charlotte-street, Whitechapel. On the 17th of December, I was coming up Hounsditch, and called at the Blue Boar-yard, Aldgate. I heard the cry and ran out, seeing the people running and at the corner of Black Horse-yard, I saw the prisoner seized, and saw him throw the watch out of his right hand, it was picked up.


                  ROBERT 
                  HESKETH
               



            . I am a day patrol. I saw some persons knock Mr. Reed down, about a minute before the prisoner was secured; the person who knocked him down was crying Stop thief! I took charge of him, when he was stopped, and the case was given to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry, and happened to go out of the way, they caught hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
