






532. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PEEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, two cartwheels, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gunter
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RUBERGALL
               



            . I am bailiff to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gunter
               



            ,who has a farm at Kensington




. On the 31st of January, the cart was in the barn, in a shed, and on the 2d of February I missed these wheels. Peel worked for me on the farm five years ago, and lived on the premises at this time, and knew where to find the cart - they were three-inch wheels.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of February, I went to Pimlico wharf, and saw the prisoners and another man standing at the corner of a recess, at the top of the wharf; they moved round, saw me, and all three walked off. I ran as fast as I could, and saw two cart wheels there - they had stood close by them - it would take at least two men to put them there. They crossed a ditch into the Vauxhall-road - I jumped over the ditch; Brown turned, and seeing me, immediately ran away - I followed and took him; and in bringing him back met Peel, secured him, and took both to the wharf. Peel said the wheels were his own, and Brown said he assisted him in bringing them there. I took them to the office. Peel said he had bought cart and all at Smithfield for 19 l. Rubergall saw and claimed them.
PEEL's Defence. I was alone at Kensington, and saw two wheels - enquired round the neighbourhood if any one had lost them, and met Brown; asked him where I could sell them, and he took me to this man.
BROWN's Defence. I met Peel by accident - he asked if I knew who would buy the wheels. I took him to a man, whom I had sold a cart to two years.
PEEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
