






1377. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CARTER
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BIGNALL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Manley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
Carter 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
THOMAS MANLEY. I am a wire-worker
, and live in St. John-street. On the 11th of September, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Cow-lane


, returning home with my wife; a young man gave me information, and I missed my handkerchief, which was safe five minutes before; I looked round, and saw Bignall within a yard of me, and assisted Grummet in taking him to the watch-house; he was laid hold of instantly; Grummet went out with a watchman, and brought Carter in, and in five minutes my handkerchief was produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRUMMET
               



            . I live in Vine-street, and am a light-porter. I was in Cow-lane, and saw Mr. and Mrs. Manley going towards Smithfield; I had been watching the prisoners for about a quarter of an hour, and am sure they were in company - I saw them both close by Mr. Manley; I saw Carter lift up the tail of Mr. Manley's coat, and take the handkerchief out; Bignell was close behind, and must have seen it - his arm touched him; Carter put it into his bosom, and ran back down a court - Biguall walked on before Manley; I informed him, andimmediately took Bignall - took him to the watch-house in Holborn - then went out and found Carter in West-street, with some girls, took him to the watch-house, and in his bosom found the handkerchief; I had seen them both try other people's pockets.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman. Bignall was brought in - I went out with Grummet, and found Carter, and took the handkerchief from his bosom.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BIGNALL's Defence. I was a hundred yards before the gentleman; he came and asked where his handkerchief was - I never saw it; I was going to my aunt's.
BIGNALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Both Transported for Life
            .
