





1289. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ABRAHAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously putting off to 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Sheriman
                     




                  , 20 false and counterfeit shillings, at a lower value than the same did by denomination import
            ; against the Statute.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.
ROBERT SHERIMAN. I have known the prisoner about a year and a half; in consequence of information given by me to the Mint, I was placed under the direction of Limbrick, the officer. On the 8th of May I saw the prisoner and again on the 15th, and told him I should see him in a day or two; I saw him again on the 27th, but before that I met Limbrick, Kirby, Reynolds, Lloyd and Isaacs; I was searched by Limbrick, for the purpose of seeing whether I had anything about me, but I had not - Limbrick then gave me four marked shillings, and half-a-crown and sixpence which were not marked. I went with them to the prisoner's house, in Cobb's-yard, Petticoat-lane


: I got there about one o'clock; Isaacs and Reynolds followed me there; I saw the prisoner opposite his door - I went into the house; he did not come in for a few minutes after me; he lives with his mother, his sister, and another brother, who is foolish - when he came in he asked me what I wanted; I said, "A score of bobs."(meaning counterfeit coin;) he went to the privy, which is close to the door of the house; it is out of the room, but you can stand in the room and reach it; he came in with a small dirty canvas bag; he sat down, untied it, and gave me out a score of counterfeit shillings; they were all separate, but wrapped up in paper - I gave him the four marked shillings which I had from Limbrick; there were a great many other papers in the bag; I then asked him if he could not let me have a half-sovereign cheaper than he did before, which was for 3s. 6d,; he said he could not. I stepped to the door, gave a signal to Reynolds and Isaacs, who came in - the prisoner's sister and his foolish brother were in the house; they made great resistance; when the officers let go of the sister, she made a rush, picked up something which I thought was the bag, and ran to the privy; I had not observed where the prisoner had put the bag - Reynolds rushed after her, and caught her arm as it was down the privy; the twenty counterfeit shillings were found on me; the sister came to me and asked if I had any shofle about me, if I had to put it away.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who employed you? A. I spoke to Mr. Powell, and he sent for Limbrick; I was never in custody - my wife is in custody at Chelmsford, charged with passing bad money; I sell sweetmeats - I was a gentleman's servant about six years ago; I never did a job of this kind before; Limbrick gave me the marked money at the Crown tavern, on Clerkenwell-green, about twelve o'clock on that day; I went straight to Cobb's yard - I have received nothing for this, nor been promised anything - I expect to be paid for my trouble.



                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . - I am a saddler, and live in Saffron-hill. On the 27th of May
 I accompanied Sheriman to the Crown, saw him searched by Limbrick, who gave him four marked shillings, one half crown, and one shilling not marked; I kept him in sight all the way till he entered the public-house; he came to the door in about five or seven minutes, and gave us a signal - I and Reynolds rushed in; the prisoner's brother was knocked down - his sister ran into the privy.
Cross-examined. Q. What stock have you? A. I worked at the business; I am not a Jew - my father is a watch-house keeper; I assist him, and do little jobs - I never had a job of this kind before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I accompanied Isaacs, on the 27th of May, to Cobb's yard; when a signal was given, I ran to the house, and seized the prisoner by the left hand - his sister ran to the privy; I went and seized hold of her hand, but found nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . Sheriman was employed by me to buy these things of the prisoner; I gave him four marked shillings, one half crown, and a sixpence not marked; I had searched him. but found nothing else about him - I went to the public-house a little after one o'clock; he was then in custody; I searched the privy next day - I let Kirby down with a rope, and he found these two bags, one within the other; the inner one contains seven half sovereigns, one hundred and fifteen shillings, and eighty half crowns; Sheriman produced twenty bad shillings to me directly I took hold of the prisoner, and said, in the prisoner's presence, that he had them from him - I saw Lloyd take these four marked shillings from the prisoner's pocket - Sheriman had described the bag to me.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Were you not informed that the prisoner's sister had put her hand down the privy? A. Yes, at the office - I did not know it till then; the privy is surrounded by a brick wall.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I was with Limbrick on the 27th; I went next day and got this bag from the privy, about ten o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the door of the house locked? A. Yes; the woman at the next house had the key.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I produce the four marked shillings which I got from the prisoner's left hand trousers pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . These are what I marked.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an inspector of coin. These twenty shillings are all counterfeit; they are in separate papers, being so slightly covered with silver - eighteen are from one die, and two from another; there are some from both dies in the bag - they are all bad half crowns and half sovereigns.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Are they fit for circulation? A. They are not what is called"rubbed down;" they now represent money just come from the Mint; the persons who pass them generally rub them down - thousands have been passed in this state.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
