






1706. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Yallowley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  YALLOWLEY
               



            . I live at Wapping-wall. On the 7th of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was at Bartholomew-fair


, and went into Wombwell's menagerie - I felt my handkerchief safe not two minutes before I missed it; I had seen the prisoner near me not ten minutes before - on missing it, I spoke to my friend Geddes, who pointed to the prisoner; I immediately seized him - he appeared in company with others, but they were at a distance; I saw them in his company about ten minutes before - he dropped the handkerchief immediately I took him - I did not see him drop it, but I took it from under his feet; he denied taking it - we took him to the watch-house.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  GEDDES
               



            . I live at Lower Shadwell with my brother, who is a chain dealer. I was with Mr. Yallowley, and saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of his pocket, and put it into his own; I pointed the prisoner out to Mr. Yallowley, who seized him, and the handkerchief dropped at his feet - he denied taking it; another handkerchief, quite a different colour, was found on him - I am sure I saw him take it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . The prisoner was brought into the compter - I searched him, and found an old ragged handkerchief and 2d. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. Here is the handkerchief I had, it was not torn at all; I was coming through the fair - there was an immense crowd opposite a show - the mob forced me against the gentleman's pocket; he charged me with the robbery - I said I had not seen it; he felt in his pocket, then turned round, saw it laying down, and charged me with it.
MR. GEDDES. I am sure of his person - he never moved after taking it; nobody but him could possibly take it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
