





1389. 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  BURKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 27th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Morrison
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PETER MORRISON. I am clerk to the Alliance Insurance Office
, and live in Fenchurch-street. On the 27th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was returning home, and, at the bottom of Holborn-hill


, I felt something at my pocket; I put my hand down, and my handkerchief, which was safe just before, was gone; I turned round, and found four or five people behind me, and the prisoner among them with two girls; I saw the handkerchief in the prisoner's hand, and seized him immediately; the others dispersed; Hughes came up and I gave him in charge, but, before that, he struck me a very severe blow in the mouth, when I took the handkerchief out of his hand; I reeled back from the violence, but did not lose sight of him till Hughes came up.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you collar him before he struck you? A. Yes; he said he got the handkerchief from a girl, but at Guildhall, he said he picked it off the ground; I am sure it is mine.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman. I was turning from Fleet-market to Holborn-hill, and heard a cry of Watch! I ran towards the sound, and saw the prisoner strike Mr. Morrison; he was about two doors from the corner of Field-land; he had the handkerchief in his hand when he struck the prosecutor; by the time I got up he ran down Field-lane; I followed, and never lost sight of him till I took him; Mr. Morrison staggered from the blow, and seized the handkerchief at the same time; the prisoner said a girl gave it to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prosecutor collar him before he struck him? A. I did not see it; he was staggering back when I saw him; I might be thirty yards off - across the road; I saw the blow struck.


                  JOHN 
                  STUBBING
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
