





183. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 2 half-crowns, and four shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES BROWN. I am a cutler
, and work for Mr. Milikin, in the Strand. On the 26th of November, I was in a house in Duck-yard, Duck-lane


, with a woman of the town, whom I had met just before - I took off my clothes: she went away to fetch a candle, and never returned - I went to bed - I had two half-crowns, and seven shillings in my breeches pocket - this was about one o'clock in the morning; I fell asleep; the prisoner came into the room about four o'clock - I was sober; he said the room belonged to him, and wanted to know what I did there; I said, if it was his room, how came he out so late - he said he had been on the watch - I dressed, and then missed my money, which I had counted before I went to bed - I charged him with having it, which he denied, but said he knew the girl I had been with, and would take me to her; he took me to the top of Duck-lane, then gave me a push, and ran off - I ran after him, calling Watch! he called Watch! also - the watchman took hold of me, and the prisoner ran away; I told him I had been robbed; he went with me to the place, and knocked at the door with his stick, but the prisoner did not open it; the watchman broke the door open, and found the prisoner on the bed - he said he hadbeen asleep, but I had not parted with him three minutes - I said, if he had my money, there were two half-crowns among it; they took him to the watch-house, and two half-crowns and some silver were found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  DEMPSEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor, and heard one of them call out, "What right had you in my room?" I ran up; they had hold of each other; I took hold of Brown, and the prisoner ran away directly - Brown then told me he had been robbed; I let him go; he ran up the yard after the prisoner, then returned, and I went with him and Phillips to Duck-yard; I knocked at the door very loud, received no answer, and burst it open - the prisoner was on the bed, and said he had been asleep; I took him to the watch-house, and in his waistcoat pocket found the money.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called, about half-past four o'clock, by Dempsey - Brown said that he had been robbed of two half-crowns and seven shillings - we broke the door open; the prisoner was on the bed, with his clothes on - I asked why he did not open the door; he said he was fast asleep - I looked round, and he bolted out of the room; Dempsey met him at the door, they closed, struggled, and both fell; I ran out, and took hold of the prisoner; he seized my lantern, and broke it in pieces - he begged of me to let him go - we took him to the watch-house; he swore we should not search him; he then pulled out two half-crowns and seven shillings in a purse - I knew him; he is a pauper in the workhouse - Brown was sober.




               GUILTY. Aged 41. Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
