





1208. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAVES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Carrick
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM CARRICK. I am a shopman
 and live in St. John-street, Clerkenwell


. On the 19th of May I was in that street, in the evening - I felt a touch at my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I turned round and saw the prisoner run across at a short distance; I came up to him - he fell down - when he had run about one hundred yards I collared him, and taxed him with taking my handkerchief - he was taken to a public-house and there I saw my handkerchief produced - I had had it safe in my pocket when I was on Snow-hill.


                  EUSEBIUS 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in custody on the 19th of May, between nine and ten o'clock; he was lying down in the street when I first saw him; the prosecutor came up and was taking hold of him; Forbes said "What is all this? the prosecutor said "This young man has robbed me;" he took him up and was leading him to the public-house; I followed about a yard behind them, and saw this handkerchief fall from the front of the prisoner; I said "Here is a handkerchief;" one of our patrols took it up and carried it into the public-house - I saw him give it to Forbes - Carrick owned it.
Prisoner. The witness said the handkerchief was thrown on my right side. Witness. I believe I said so at the Magistrate's - it was within a few inches of his feet - rather to the right.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I am street-keeper. I was within a few yards of the public-house door; I saw the prisoner run up against a person and fall down - I collared and took him to the public-house - as I was taking him in, Beal said"Here is the handkerchief;" the patrol brought it in, and I put it aside till the prosecutor came in - he said it had W C on it - which it has.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the house; the prosecutor came and said he had lost his handkerchief - the officer then brought it in, and he said "That is it."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
