





38. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Peckitt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PECKITT
               



            . I am a tailor
, and lodge in Goswell-street. On the 10th of November, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the end of King-street


; the Lord Mayor's procession had passed, and I could not pass for the carriages - I did not perceive anything, but a gentleman told me my pocket was picked - I felt, and missed my handkerchief - the gentleman took hold of the prisoner, and took it out of his outside pocket - he denied having it, but said nothing when it was found.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a turner - I came up from Guildhall-yard; there was a crowd at the end of King-street; I saw the prisoner and two others with him pushing very hard, which induced me to watch - I told one of them he had better be off, and I directly saw a blue handkerchief pass from Peckitt's coat, and put into the prisoner's pocket. I told Peckitt, and took it from his pocket. A young man took one of the others, but he was discharged. The prisoner said somebody else must have put it into his pocket; he was nearest to Peckitt - I am certain one of the two took it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the end of King-street, and received him in charge. He said at the Compter that he did not know how it came into his pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  CUMMING
               



            . I am a drum-maker. I saw the prisoner and two other companious; directly Peckitt passed they looked at his pocket, and closed upon him. The prisoner and Fisher, who was also taken, shoved against him - Wells drew his hand out and shoved the handkerchief into his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. - I could not get across Cheapside, and seeing the handkerchief on the ground, I picked itup, and put it into my pocket - stood about ten minutes, and was laid hold of.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
