





1123. 
               
                  GEORGE DENNIS 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  LYDIA 
                  JUBY
               



            . I was at the parish church of Monksham, in Suffolk, about eight years ago, when the prisoner was married to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Turner
               



            ; they afterwards lived together as man and wife, and had three children; he was a carpenter and she a servant; I saw her alive last week; she is my aunt; I witnessed the register.


                  CHAD 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am clerk to the attorney for this prosecution. I went to Monksham, and got this copy of the register of the marriage, which took place on the 4th of February, 1817; I compared it with the original.


                     ELIZABETH 
                     GLADWELL
                  



               
            . I was married to the prisoner at Bishopsgate church on the 28th of March
 last; he passed himself as a widower, which I believed: I take in washing; he lived five weeks with me and then left - I did not see him again till he was taken up - I had no property.
Prisoner. Q. Was you not told by twenty people that I had another wife? A. A few days before we were married I heard a report that he had a wife - I named it to him; he said people troubled themselves very much about him, and they should mind their own affairs - I was not to mind them, but believe him; and I did believe him to be a widower.


                  CHARLES 
                  PULLEY
               



            . I am a solicitor, and have a certificate of the prisoner's marriage to Gladwell.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 15th of November, 1821, I found another man with my wife - I left her and came to town for eighteen months, I then fetched her to town - she left me again - I heard nothing of her for three years.


                  LETITIA 
                  BLACK
               



            . I live at Homerton, and take in washing. About a month or six weeks before Gladwell was married, I told her I had heard the prisoner was a married man - she said she would not believe what others said, but would believe him.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HALFORD
               



            . The prosecutrix is my sister. I told her I had heard the prisoner was married; she said she would be sure to mention it to him; I did not ask her what answer he gave - I was present at the marriage - he did not appear cheerful at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
