





108. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 15 handkerchiefs, value 40s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Creed 
                     Eddels
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROE
               



            . I live shopman with Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Creed Eddels
               



            , hosier
, of Coventry-street. On the 4th of November, three young men came into the shop one after the other - the prisoner was the last of them; they took no notice of each other - the first one wanted to look at some shoe-ribbon, the second at some silk handkerchiefs, and the prisoner asked to look at some riding-belts - while I was serving the second person, I saw the prisoner take some handkerchiefs, and put them into his hat; I kept him while I served the second, and then shewed him the belts; he selected one, left 1s. on it, and said he lived in Sydney's-alley; I let him go out, then pursued, and brought him back - I found fifteen handkerchiefs in his hat.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why did not you seize him directly you saw him take them? A. Because I had no one in the shop; there was a lad in the parlour who had served the shoe-ribbon, but he was in the parlour while the prisoner was being served - my masteris not here; I cannot tell whether it was one of the other men's hats the prisoner took, but he was the only one who pulled his hat off.


                  EDWARD 
                  BOULTON
               



            . I was coming down Princes-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner running, and the man took him - I saw the handkerchiefs thrown from the hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  PLUME
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and produce the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROE
               



            . These are my master's property - it is called a piece of handkerchiefs; they are divided by these bits of white - it might do for anything else.
Prisoner. He did not see me throw down the handkerchiefs - another person threw them down in the crowd.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
