





861. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FOWLER
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, one coral necklace, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           London
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           London
                        



                     
                  , spinster

.


                  ELIZA 
                  LONDON
               



            . I am not quite eleven years old, and am the daughter of 
               
                  James 
                  London
               



            . On the 1st of May, I was in Old-street


, with my little brother, looking at the chimney-sweeps; this was about half-past seven o'clock - a boy came and snatched my coral necklace off my neck, and ran away - I saw him again on Sunday, the 6th of May, and am sure he is the boy; it was the prisoner - directly he took it, I caught hold of him, and tore his coat; he said, if I did not let go, he would do me an injury, and so I let go - I am sure of him.
JOHN TWEEDY. I am an officer. On Sunday, the 6th of May, I took the prisoner in the City-road, and told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing the necklace; he said,
"Oh! that is it, is it;" I took him to London's, in Golden-lane, and told the child to look round the room - she did, and said,
"That is the man who took my beads" - he denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Old-street, and saw her crying, she laid hold of a boy, let him go, and took another, charged him with it, and then caught hold of me.


                  ELIZA 
                  LONDON
               



            . I laid hold of nobody but him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
