







549. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FORD
                  , SEN.




                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELLS
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of September
, 590 lbs. of silk, value 600 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Alphonso 
                           Doxat
                        



                     
                  , and others, his partners
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating the goods to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Alphonso Doxat
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Alexis James 
                     Doxat
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Doxat
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Alphonso 
                  Doxat
               



            .
MESSRS. BOLLAND and ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS WISEMAN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Doxat and Co. silk merchants



, No. 13, Bishopsgate-street without


. They have a warehouse attached to their premises. On Saturday, the 16th of September, about five o'clock, I left the warehouse - there was silk there. On the Monday, about nine o'clock, I went to the warehouse, and missed four bales of silk, worth about 620 l.; the bales and package were all gone. I had seen the top of the bales opened. The silk stood with its ends upwards. It was raw Reggio silk, mixed white and yellow, which is very unusual. I could not see the way it was tied. At the latter part of Monday, we discovered in an empty house the four packages, which had contained the silk. The back part of the house joins the passage leading to the Quaker's Meeting-house, on which passage the prosecutors premises abut. I discovered every thing there which had covered the silk, even the paper. I carried two of these packages and locked them in a closet. Mr. Caples carried the other two. Mr. 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Doxat
               



             kept the key of the closet. In February last, I saw part of the silk at Coventry, in the office of the magistrate, and part at Mr. Rawlinson's, a throwster, in the same state it would have been in the package, there was about 20 lbs.; the rest was throwing. I saw rather more than 200 lbs. at the magistrate's office.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How was it packed - A. With canvass, oil-cloths, canvas again, and then paper next to the silk, which is the usual way it was sent; the four bales each contained the same sort of silk. Reggio silk is died in a particular way, and it is long reiled silk. A small part of the silk was left in the package.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What parts of the packages were open - A. The upper part - the length of the skein is the length of the bail. It was opened as we open them to shew the merchants.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. You saw some of the silk before you saw any at Coventry - A. Yes, some was left in the package.
MR. 
               
                  LEWIS 
                  DOXAT
               



            . I saw the tops of the packages. It was Reggio raw silk, principally yellow; but there is a mixture of white, which is unusual; it was tied in a particular way, and was very scarce in the market. On the Monday evening after the robbery, I observed the packages in an empty house, and on the 11th of January I discovered about 1 lb. of the silk among the paper of the package. I had locked them up myself, and kept the key.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. This silk you did not see till the 11th of January - A. No, it had been locked up and I kept the key all the time. I have seen white and yellow silk mixed before, but it is a very rare occurrence. I know it from its quality, and the description of the skein. I only had these four bales in the house at the time, and to the best of my knowledge there was no other in the hands of any other merchant.
COURT. Q. Does your seeing the top of the package give you a full view of the whole - A. It does, I have no doubt of its identity.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THORP
               



            . I am a coach-master and live at Stoke, near Coventry, and have been in the silk trade. I have known Ford fourteen years - he lived at Coventry till within the last four years - he is a bead-maker. I received a letter from him in December, which I burnt - it came from Birmingham to me at Stoke, and stated, that there was about 5 cwt. of raw silk to be sold worth the money, in consequence of this I called on Ford, at Birmingham, and asked if I could have a sample of the silk, he said he could get one and would send to me - he said it was smuggled. I got a sample and came to London with him to the Oxford Arms, Warwick-lane. I went to Mr. Palmer's, in Gutter-lane, who I had before seen at Coventry, and shewed him the sample - he agreed to buy it when I came to London, at 13 s. per lb. We staid at the Oxford Arms about eight days, and breakfasted together most days. We met at the Mitre, in Goswell-street.
Q. Who met - A. Ford, his son, and myself. The meeting was by Ford's appointment. We all three went from there to a public house, near the City-road, and there found five others; White was one of them. I and Ford's son, and two others (neither of the prisoners) went there to a house near Hackney-road; to a private house, which I shewed the officers - we met at the Mitre for the silk, and to pay the men for it. I had told Ford I would find the money for it. Ford said he was to pay 200 l. for it, and I gave him 200 l., supposing it to be 5 cwt.
Q. When you left the Mitre, what did you go to the other public-house for - A. Ford took me there to pay the men who were the owners of the silk. I had no conversation with the men there. Ford conversed with them. I did not hear what was said. I and Ford's son, and two of the men them came to the house in Hackney-road, for the silk; the two men who went with us went up stairs and fetched down the silk. We took some wrapper to pack it in, and after we had packed it up, young Ford fetched a cart. I remained in the lower part of the house - the men brought it down in seven bags - we undrawed the bags, took the silk out, and packed it in the packages - we put it into five packages. 
               
                  Young 
                  Ford
               



             went and fetched a cart and we all helped to put it in. I then went with the carman (who was the prisoner Wells) to the Oxford Arms. I had not seen him before the cart came. I went to the Oxford Arms, and on the road, Wells said it was very singular that he should take it to the place and fetch it away. The packages were put into my bed-room in the Oxford Arms. I treated Wells with a glass of rum and water, which was charged to the joint bill of Ford and myself.

Q. Old Ford had said he would pay the carter - A. After the silk was put into my room I saw Ford and his son at the Oxford Arms gate, coming in; Ford, Sen. asked me if it was all safe in. I said it was all in my room, and I had got the key. I sent two packages of it next morning to the Cross Keys, Wood-street, directed to Mr. Palmer, Coventry - it was about 2 cwt. I sent the other three to Mr. Palmer's house, in Gutter-lane - he had paid me 250 l. before; I went with Ford to the Mitre - he gave it to me in five 50 l. Bank notes; I gave three of them to Ford, in part payment, before I got the silk. I gave him another of the notes that night, or next morning, being in all 200 l. I did not see any thing paid to the five men at the public-house, Ford, Sen. told me he was to pay them for the silk. I paid the expences at the Oxford Arms, and gave 15 l. more to Old Ford, which he said he should give to his son, for his expences and trouble.
Q. After the silk was gone to Coventry, did you meet either of the prisoner - A. I saw Old Ford every morning, and I saw his son. I had some conversation with 
               
                  Young 
                  Ford
               



             about it; I said
"This silk is not honestly come by;
"he said he believed it was prigged. I felt alarmed at that, went out of the way, and was with 
               
                  Young 
                  Ford
               



            , at Hoxton. I slept at a house near him, but lived with him all day, and kept myself as close as I could,
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How long have you been a dealer in any thing you could get - A. Nearly all my life; any thing I could get in a fair way. I never dealt in any thing that I knew was wrong. I thought this silk was smuggled.
Q. You would not touch it if you thought it was stolen A. Not at that risk. I should not like to have bought such an amasing quantity, if I had known it was stolen. I would not buy a small quantity, knowing it to be stolen, I did not think Old Ford would be engaged in any thing but smuggling. I did not doubt its being smuggled till I got to Hackney. I then thought it had been stolen.
Q. Why then did you receive it at the Oxford Arms - A. I had parted with my money - I did not go to Mr. Palmer and tell him I believed it was stolen, I told him so at Coventry, three or four days after I sent for the silk,
Q. You paid the rest of the money after you was satisfied of its being stolen - A. Yes, I never saw White before I got to the public-house; we left him and old Ford there, while we went to Hackney.
Q. You made the seven parcels into five, being fully convinced that they were stolen - A. Not at that time, I suspected it, but did not ask the question. The tavern bill at the Warwick Arms, was made out in our joint names, and I paid it. I believe Mr. Palmer came to town about the same time, but arrived a day or two before me, I was apprehended about a month ago; I had been advertised in the Hue and Cry, about a month before I was taken. I never told any one what had happened - I advised Mr. Palmer about it once or twice.
Q. Had you ever borrowed money of old Ford - A. I may, there were several money transactions between us. Ford lives at Birmingham, which is eighteen miles from Coventry.
Q. As soon as you got to goal, did you offer yourself as a witness - A. No, they asked me to speak the truth, and I said
"I should." I was in Coventry the whole of September - I only drove my coach to Daventry, and was not nearer to town than that.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What time were the goods moved from Hackney - A. I think on the 1st of January.


                  THOMAS 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live at Toll-hill, near Coventry, and have a warehouse in Gutter-lane. About the 23d of December, I agreed to buy a quantity of silk of the last witness. I was to have 5 cwt. at 13 s. a lb. which would amount to 229 l. if it had all been delivered; three bags were sent to my warehouse, and two to Coventry, by the Shamrock-coach. I found them at Coventry, it was Reggio silk; I unpacked the two bags at Coventry, and sent it to Mr. Haywood, to be delivered to a throwster, named Rawlinson, they weighed 180 or 200 lbs. I took the silk out of two of the bags in town, and put it in boxes, and the other, bag and all, into a tin case. I saw only one tin case at Coventry, it was the one which had the silk only in it; it was afterwards taken by Goodhall, the constable, to the Mayor of Coventry, and is now in the same state - some of the silk I sent to Rawlinson is also here. I paid Thorp five 50 l. notes on account, I got them from a cheque of Messrs. Smith and Rackster, the bill-brokers, on Messrs. Williams and Co. the bankers. I sent Williams, my servant. to receive the cheque, he brought me back five 50 l. notes, which I gave Thorp.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had you known Thorp - A. Ever since I was born, I have employed him as a manufacturer, but never bought silk of him before. I was very ill and confined to my bed in Gutter-lane, when the silk was sent to Coventry - Thorp told me of it, and charged me with the carriage - I was confined for about eight days after; it was fourteen days after the silk was sent to Coventry, that I went myself, and saw Thorp there five or six days after that, or more; I think. He never at any time, communicated to me, the least suspicion that the silk had been stolen - he never told me so in his life.
Q. Do you remember the police taking the silk - A. Yes, I did not see Thorp after that, except at the Mansion-house, and had no communication with him there.
Q. Did you see him after some part of it was seized - A. I did, I went down to Coventry on Thursday, the 6th of February; I think (I had been twice in London,) I returned to Coventry by the mail, about the 6th of February. I saw Thorp directly I got in, and communicated to him what I had heard unpleasant about the silk - he said it was all right; he never told me he believed it to be smuggled, If he had ever given me the least idea that it was stolen, I should certainly have informed the police. I was held in recognisance of 1000 l. myself on the 7th of February, and did not see the Thorp after I had told him what I had heard, till I saw him at the Mansion-house - the silk weighed 422 lb. 8 oz.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  WOODHALL
               



            . I am the high-constable of Coventry. I brought the silk from Coventry, which I got from Mr. Palmer's; it was sealed and delivered to the solicitor for the prosecution. I received 86 lb. 15 oz. from Mr. Haywood, and delivered it to 
               
                  William 
                  Bateman
               



            , to take to Mr. Cotter; I sealed it before I delivered it - the silk in court is the same. I also received a bag from Mr. Palmer, which I did not weigh.

MR. PALMER. I sent about 3 cwt. to Haywood, the rest was delivered up to my solicitor Mr. Minster of Coventry, and from there sent to the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYWOOD
               



            . I got some silk from Mr. Palmer, and delivered 296 lb. 12 oz. to Wilson to take to Rawlayson.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rawlayson. Haywood gave me some silk in a bag, which I carried to my master.


                  EDWARD 
                  RAWLAYSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Palmer. On the 17th of January, I took about 103 lb. of silk from him to Mr. Haywood - it was taken out of a tin case.
MR. PALMER. It is the same silk which was taken to the Mayor - I had no other silk. I have been twenty-two years in the trade - a person can swear to silk after examining it minutely.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            , ESQ. I am a silk manufacturer at Coventry. I first saw this Reggio silk in the Mayor's parlour in two tin cases. One chest had 116 lb. 8 oz. and the other 112 lb. 8 oz. about 35 lb. was taken out of one case as a sample - the rest was left as it was before.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am solicitor for the prosecution, and received the silk sealed from the high constable - it was only opened before the Grand Jury, and sealed again.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was clerk to Mr. Palmer. On the 1st of January, I got change for a cheque on Messrs. Williams for 250 l. it was paid in five 50 l. notes, I took them up stairs to Mr. Palmer, Thorp was in the room and took them all up - it was 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Smith
               



            's cheque.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VENTON
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Williams. On the 1st of January, I gave cash for a cheque of 250 l. drawn by 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Smith
               



            , I paid five 50 l. notes, one was No. 7989, I cannot tell the date.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a clerk at the Bank note pay office. On the 2d of January, I exchanged a 50 l. note, I did not take the date, but know it when I see it, (looks at No. 7989, dated September 15th, 1820,) this is it; the person changing it, wrote on it,
"
               
                  James 
                  Ford
               



            , New Meeting-street, Birmingham," and underneath, is written in my own hand
"Oxford Arms, Warwick-lane," it is a rule with us to have a reference in London; the man gave me that as his London address - he brought it with the first address on it.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. It neither says Ford senior or junior - A. No, there may be a note of the same number, but not the same number and date.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARD WALLEE
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I refer to my book and find an entry made by my assistant of the notes he gave for the one in question. Taylor is my assistant.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You cannot identify a note without both number and date - A. No, there may be notes of the same number and year, but not the same day.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  GOODHALL
               



            . I know the hand-writing of Ford, sen. and firmly believe the indorsement on the note to be his by his own hand-writing. I have received letters from him and answered them, but never saw him write.


                  ELIZA 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am chambermaird at the Oxford Arms. Ford, sen. and Thorp came to my master's house together, some time in December; they were there eight nights, in December, and to the end of December - they might have been there part of January. I have the account which I give in to my mistress, which is dated, December 31st. They may have been there a week before or after. I cannot say which, as my mistress has a bill weekly. Mr. Thorp asked me for a candle, and said he had some things to go up stairs. I asked if he wanted me, he said no - I went into his room when he went to bed, there was some things there like bales.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am porter at the Oxford Arms, and remember Thorp and Ford being there. I carried four bags for Thorp into his bed-room, on the first floor. They came out of a tilted cart which came into the yard. I did not see Thorp at any other time to my knowledge.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did Thorp tell you to carry them - A. Yes, I saw nothing of Ford at that time, he was not present, he had nothing more to do with them.


                  JONATHAN 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I live at Coventry. In February last, I applied to Ford to know where Thorp was to be found, he said, he knew where he was, and I might convey any information I wished through him, but he could not let me know where he was. Ford lived in New Meeting-house-street, Birmingham.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an assistant to the Marshalmen. I went with Thorp to Hackney - he pointed out No. 8, Claremont-place, Hackney-road, as the house the silk was deposited in. I also accompanied Smith there. I afterwards went to White's house, No. 1, John-street, Commercial-road. I found his wife living there, he did not tell me where his house was, he would not say where he lived. I found some silver spoons and watches which were there, which he claimed, and the woman living there went by the name of Mrs. White. I saw her at the Mansion-house, and Compter, he called her his wife. One of the watches had
"
               
                  William 
                  White
               



            " on it. We also found four hundred skeleton keys, three centre bits, three dark lanterns, some waxed keys (which are used to mark the wards of a lock) two phosphorus boxes, three iron crows, three pair of plyers, and a latch key. It is a private house.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were they all in the box which contains them now - A. No, most of them were. He had been in custody about half an hour when we found them. It was on the 19th of February.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Bond's-place, Hackney-road. I do not know either of the prisoners. The house, No. 8, Claremont-place, is mine. I let it to one Jones - he refered me to Mr. White, a cabinet maker, No. 1, John-street, St. George's. I went there but did not see him. The house was taken on the 11th of September, and given up nine or ten days before the 11th of January.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAY
               



            . I know the house, No. 8, Claremont-place. I have seen White there several times between September and January. On the 1st of January, at night, I saw a covered cart driven from the house, whether he was present or not I cannot say. I saw two men putting something into it, what it was I do not know. The house was shut up next day.
FORD'S Defence. I am very innocent, and have no doubt but I can prove as clear an alibi as ever was proved.
JOSIAH EAMES. I live in Tower-street, Birmingham, and am a jeweller. I went to Bristol about the 3d or 4thof September last, and remained there a month or five weeks, and saw Ford there at my own lodging, in Bristol. I had known him for years. I believe he came from Birmingham to Bristol on the 12th of March, I am quite sure I saw him every day, from the 13th to the 16th. I was in his company each of these days, on business and pleasure. I saw him at the White Hart coach-office, Bristol, on Saturday, the 16th, when he left, I think it was between six and eight o'clock in the morning. I saw him get on the Hero coach, which goes to Birmingham. I saw it set off with him on it. I am certain it was Saturday, the 16th.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What is he - A. A watch-maker, but now carries on the trade of a bead-maker.
Q. You speak very particular as to dates, what took you to Bristol - A. The fair. I was applied to to come here a week or ten days ago - my memory is often bad.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. Have you the slightest doubt of being correct in the date - A. No.
COURT. Q. How long does Bristol fair last - A. The charter is for fourteen days, but I believe it often lasts three weeks, or a month.
Q. What makes you recollect it as from the 13th to the 16th that you saw him - A. Because I waited on him at the coffee-house, to take me a parcel when he got home, and I received the answer to that parcel on Monday following. I believe I left Birmingham about the 1st or 3d. The fair begins on the 1st. I remember this, because it brought me a parcel to Bristol on the 13th. I particularly recollect it was that day from several circumstances. I recommended him to a place to sell some goods.
Q. He might sell goods any day. I want to know what makes you recollect it was from the 12th to the 16th. A. I recollect it perfectly well; one circumstance is, that Doncaster races happened on Monday following, the 18th. I received an oil bottle, and some beads of his in the parcel, which I had to deliver to a customer of his at Bristol.
Q. Who was that - A. I cannot challenge my memory, but I think the very man lives in London now. I cannot tell where the man lived at Bristol.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDEY
               



            . I drive the Sheffield mail. I remember the prisoner, Ford, coming into Mrs. Thomas's the King's Head, Worcester-street, Birmingham, on Saturday, the 16th of September. I knew that was the day because of his going to Doncaster races on the Sunday. He came in between nine and ten, or half-past ten o'clock at night, and appeared as if he had been travelling. The Hero arrives about half-past eight or nine o'clock. I went to the races, they last four days.
COURT. Q. Did you see him alight from any coach - A. No; the Hero goes to the Swan. The Mail sets off from Birmingham to town about four o'clock. The last coach that goes is at a quarter past six o'clock, one sets off at a quarter to five next morning, and arrives in town about eight.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EARL
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Worcester-street, Birmingham. I have known Ford about twelve years, he lives in New Meeting-house-street. My mother keeps the King's Head, Worcester-street. I was there on Saturday night the 16th of September. I generally spend my evenings there. I wait on the company. I am sure Ford was there. I think Doncaster races began on the 16th, but I have a card of them (looks at it), read, September 16. I am sure I saw him there that night. I was also there the next night, Sunday, and saw him in the parlour between nine and ten o'clock. On the Saturday he appeared as if he had just come off a journey. The Hero, Bristol coach, comes in about eight or nine o'clock - it is very uncertain. I saw him on the Monday at his own house; I went there for a watch which he had repaired for me.
Q. Was Doncaster races a subject of conversation at your house - A. Yes, we had a steak at our house.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Have you been in Court during the examination of the last witness - A. Yes; I am intimate with Ford, he has children grown up, they are not here. I was first desired to come here about a week ago. I was in Ford's company most days, but I can speak to the 16th because of the Doncaster races. I will not say I did not see him on the 12th or 13th.
COURT. Q. How did he appear to have been travelling - A. He had dirty boots, and a great coat. I cannot say what weather it was; they get dirty in travelling, whether it is dirty or clean.
Q. What makes you recollect his being there on that day - A. Because on the 17th I observed to him that Wilde, Barton, and some other gentlemen, were gone to Doncaster races - he said he had heard them talking about it. I kept the paper about the races in my drawer till I was subpoened here, I then put it in my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  BATES
               



            . I drive the Hero coach, and know Ford; he was a passenger by my coach on the 16th of September, from Worcester to Birmingham. That is the stage I drive.
Q. Did you receive this weigh bill at Worcester - (looking at it) - A. Yes; Ford's name is on it, and I found him on the coach when I took it at Worcester, and drove him to Birmingham; we got there about nine o'clock. He paid the full fare from Bristol. I am certain it was on Saturday, the 16th.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Can you tell, without the weigh bill, that it was on the 16th - A. Yes; it was on a Saturday. I was desired to come here eight or nine days ago. I ordered a new watch of him on that Saturday. It was a wet afternoon - he rode on the box with me.


                  RICHARD 
                  GADSBY
               



            . I am a straw hat maker, and live at Birmingham. I have known Ford two years. I saw him at Mrs. Thomas's one Saturday night - he came in dirty, and had a bad cold; he said he had been to Bristol fair. I do not recollect the date. I saw Earl and Wilde there; I saw Ford there again on the Sunday evening. There was a talk about the races on Saturday,
A Juror to MR. COPE. Q. What was the market price of this silk at that time - A.21 s. 6 d. and the duty is 5 s. 6 d. per lb.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Williams and Co. I have the book with the entry of the 50 l. note, No. 9789, paid on the 1st of January, to the draft of A. Smith; the date was the 15th of September. I did not take down the year.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WELLS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
