





1700. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FEATLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Pearson
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BENWELL
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Long-lane. I saw the prosecutor pass my house, between six and seven o'clock, on the evening of the 5th of October - the prisoner and another boy followed him quickly - I went to look after them, and saw the prisoner draw a handkerchief partly out of the prosecutor's pocket; when he got a little further he drew it quite out, and dropped it on the ground. I crossed the street, and cried Stop thief! - he ran away, and the patrol stopped him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time elapsed between these two pulls? A. About two minutes. I had not seen him before - but I know the other boy; the prisoner got out of my sight into a passage, where he was stopped.


                  JULIA 
                  BUSH
               



            . I took up the handkerchief, and gave it to the landlady of the wine vaults.


                  HUGH 
                  DAVENANT
               



            . I am the officer - I took the handkerchief.
JOHN PEARSON. I was in Long-lane


, Benwell gave me notice that I had lost my handkerchief - I saw it again afterwards - I had used it not five minutes before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. The officer went with the gentleman to the public-house, and the people there gave it to the gentleman - the witness said at Guildhall, that he did not see it drop.
CHARLES BENWELL. I did not see it drop, but I am sure it was dropped.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
