





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1365. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MILLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, a coat, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Milner
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lumsden
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LUMSDEN
               



            . I am gardener
 to Mr. Milner, who lives at Bush-hill, and is a packer
. About the 4th of September, in consequence of information, I went to the patrol, who apprehended the prisoner on the 22 d. I lost a great coat out of one of the bed-rooms.


                  DAVID 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . On the 4th of September, when I was getting up, on looking out of window, I saw a person go down Mr. Milner's premises, with a coat under his arm; I told Davis - we both went after him, and found the prisoner with the coat under his arm; he said a person gave it to him to take to Winchmore-hill, and so we let him go with it - we then went and told Lumsden.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You did not know whose coat it was - A. The gardener's. I had not seen it before. I saw him in a field, on Mr. Milner's premises; it is surrounded by a hedge and ditch, and has no footpath. I saw him get over the ditch.


                  DANIEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Milner, and saw the prisoner with the coat - I knew it to be the gardener's, and told him so; but did not know but what the gardener had sent him - he said we might go and see where he carried it.


                  THOMAS 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 4th of September, the witnesses informed me of this. I enquired for the prisoner, but could not find him at his house till the 22d - I have known him five years. I found him at his mother's, put him in the watch-house, and asked what he had done with the coat; he said he knew nothing of it. I brought the witnesses to him; they said he was the man. Lumsden said,
"How came you to steal my coat?" he said,
"Because I was in distress; I do not know who has got it; I sold it to a Jew in the street, for 5 s."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
