






1846. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BODELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September

, 2 yards of woollen cloth, value 3s. 6d.; 1 yard of cambric, value 6s.; 2 yards of lace, value 1s. 10d.: 1 piece of linen cloth, containing in length 26 yards, value 2l.; 10 yards of printed cotton, value 10s., and 2 yards of silk, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Cater
                     



                   and 
                     Thomas Wood

                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Lovegrove
                     



; and 
               
                  MARY 
                  HAMMOND
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
CHARLES LOVEGROVE. I am servant
 to Messrs. Samuel Cater and Thomas Wood, linen-draper

, of Chiswell-street. On the 8th of September, about eight o'clock, I was conveying a parcel to Mr. Brown, of Guildford-street - Saville gave it to me; when I was in Old-street



, about eight in the evening, Bodell came behind me and pulled it from under my arm, and ran across into Golden-lane - I saw his face as he turned round, but did not see what kind of clothes he had on - I am certain of his person from his clothes and his features; I saw him by the light of the gas. I pursued directly, calling Stop thief! and somebody came behind me in Golden-lane, and struck me a severe blow over the ear, which hindered my observation - I had, before that, seen Bodell turn up Busket-alley, which leads into Whitecross-street. I described him to Harrison - he wore a blue coat, and, I believe, corderoy trousers; I went that night with Harrison to the Barley-mow, public-house, Blue Anchor-alley, and saw about a dozen people there, but he was not there. On Sunday evening the officer called, and shewed me some lace, cambric, and Irish linen; I went to the office on Monday, there were about thirty persons there; I pointed out Bodell at once as the person.


                  GEORGE 
                  SAVILLE
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutors. I delivered the parcel to Lovegrove; it contained the articles stated in the indictment - there was a private mark on the articles; and it was tied in brown paper.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday, the 8th of September, Lovegrove described the person and dress of Bodell to me; but I did not know where he lived. I went to the Barley-mow, he was not there - next evening Lock and I went to the Barley-mow again; we found Bodell there, and a man named Burke - we took them both, but Burke was discharged at the office; we put them into the watch-house, then went to Burke's lodging, and found Hammond there; I asked her where Burke was, she said she expected him every minute to tea, the tea-things were on the table. I saw a bag hanging by the fire-side, and in it found this piece of lace, and a piece of cambric; she said Burke had brought them in, in his hat, and gave them to her - Lock turned the bed down, and under the clothes found this Irish linen. I went to Worship-street; put Bodell into the room with twenty or thirty others, and Lovegrove immediately identified him.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I was with Harrison; his account is correct. I went to Worship-street; Lovegrove pointed out Bodell directly, among about thirty persons, without any intimation from us.
Hammond put in a written defence, stating that the property had been left at her room, by a man who had spent the previous night with her; and was to return for them, and give her some money; but not wishing to expose herself, she had not stated this to the officers.
BODELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HAMMOND - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
