






659. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WALTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, one fixture, (i.e.) one copper, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lay
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to a certain building of his.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  LAY
               



            . I am servant
 to Rev. Mr. Lewis, but live in a house of my own, at Twickenham


. This copper was fixed in a wash-house in the yard. I missed it on the 25th of March; I found it at Kingston, in Frankton's warehouse, broken to pieces; it was hammered out, and fitted the place.


                  ELIZA 
                  WEST
               



            . I live in the same yard, and saw the copper safe about a week before.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Every body in the yard used it - A. No; I used it as a neighbour, but it belonged to Lay, and was fixed in his wash-house.


                  JOHN 
                  FARRER
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Ham; I worked at Hounslow. On the 25th of March, before dinner time, I was at the Horse and Groom at Kingston, and saw Day there. He asked two men who were there, if they had seen Dummey. I have heard Walton called by that name, and answer to it. They said No, they expected him, and in he (Walton) came; three or four of them called him Dummey. He asked if the ragman was come. A man came in afterwards from Kingston, who answered to the name of Ragman. Then Walton went out, and brought in the copper in a bag; the ragman weighed it in the taproom, and said it was eleven pounds and a-half, and put the money on the table. Day sat on the same bench, and took it up, which Walton did not object to.The ragman took the copper away directly. The prisoners remained and drank together, and drank with me. Walton said he had like to have lost the copper, for some boys were bird-nesting in a ditch.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose he meant the boys might have found it before him - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRANKTON
               



            . I bought the copper of the ragman, whose name is 
               
                  James 
                  Shaw
               



            , on the 25th of March; he collects rags and metal. It weighed eleven pounds and a half; and was claimed the same day.
Cross-examined. Q. You mixed it with other metal, I suppose - A. Yes; but I gave the constable the same as Shaw sold me. It was about six o'clock in the evening. I asked if it was safe. He said Yes; he has run away now.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoners on the 28th of March. I showed them the copper; told them it came from Frankton's; and that Shaw, who bought it of them, had taken me there, and showed it to me. Shaw was present then, and said he had given them 7 d. a lb. for it. They said he only gave them 4 s. 6 d.; and Walton said he had had it ever since Mr. Lucas's sale (which I know to be three or four years ago); and that he went over to Kingston for Day, to procure him a man to buy it. I measured the copper round, and believe it was taken from the place.
SAMUEL EAST. I went with Webb, and apprehended the prisoners; his account is correct.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I live at Twickenham. I saw Walton go by my door on the 25th March, about five o'clock in the afternoon; he said to Taylor, who got out of the way,
"What is the use of getting out of the way - he saw you," he got behind a shutter. Walton had a smallish bag or bundle; I only saw the hind part of it; it was about the size of the bag produced.
SAMUEL EAST. I produced the bag and copper, which I got from Frankton's.


                  JOHN 
                  LAY
               



            . I fitted the rim to the copper-hole; it corresponded, and I knew it by a mark of solder.
WALTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DAY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
