






London Cases, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1118. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August

, six pounds of soap, value 3 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Proudfoot
                  



               
            , the elder; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  PROUDFOOT
               



            , JUN. I am son of 
               
                  John 
                  Proudfoot
               



            , tallow-chandler
, Redcross-street



. Day was our errand-boy
, and had no authority to take goods out to sell. On Saturday morning, the 16th of August, in consequence of suspicion, I watched him. I let him in at half past seven o'clock, and went up, as if to breakfast, but remained on the stair-case. I had placed half a hundred weight and a stool on the soap, so that it could not be taken without moving one of them and I put the soap knife in the drawer. In a very few minutes, I heard him move the stool and weight, open the drawer the knife was in, and heard him cut the soap, and throw the knife into the drawer; he then opened the cellar flap and ran down. I immediately informed my father; I had counted the soap on the previous night, and on going down to a bin, which had contained fifty two cakes, I missed two; nobody but him had been in the shop; my father engaged him in the shop, while I went into the cellar - I could not find the two cakes, but found the others concealed. I sent him into the Borough after dinner, and watched him - he went into Maid-lane, and remained there two hours. I went home before him, and when he returned, I asked where he had been so long; he said the customers had kept him - he went home at night, and I followed him, he lives in Aldersgate-street; he went in a direction for Smithfield, and near Bartholomew-close; he went down some alleys and I lost him. On Monday morning, I told him what I had seen; he said he had taken the soap away on Saturday night, and told me where he had put it to take it again on the Monday morning; and in consequence of what he said, I went with two officers to Barnett's house, Field-lane, he keeps an old shoe-shop, no other business was carried on there. Harrison and Botfield went with me, we found him at home, at half past twelve o'clock, and told him we had come to search the house for some soap; he said nothing; we found part of a cake of curd, and four squares of Windsor soapunder some linen in a chest of drawers, in the back room. I directed the officers to look under a bed in the same room; he said it would not turn up, but they turned it up: he then said,
"Under that bed is all the soap I have got;" we found a large chest under it, and one rather smaller which contained thirty one pounds and a half of soap, and the large chest appeared to have been full; it would have contained a hundred weight and a half; he was very much agitated and confused, and said he had taken it in exchange for goods, but did not say of whom or when; we took him before the Justice. When I took Day; I asked him how he got the property away on Saturday; he said he took it away in the dust kettle - and under Burnet's bed we found the very two identical cakes covered with cinders, they were cut in half.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was Day with you - A. Ten or fifteen months; he gave me no information that I was not in possession of before.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you find Burnett's wife there - A. I did.
Q. Did he not say he did not know that there was any thing there that did not belong to him - A. No, not in my hearing; there is a glass door, looking into the shop, it had a curtain to it. The two cakes of soap are worth 3 s. 6 d.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . On the 18th of August, I went with the witness, an officer, and another person to Burnett's house, No. 16 or 17, Field-lane, he keeps a shoe shop. I saw him in the front shop, and told him I had a warrant, he immediately walked into the back room with me - I said my warrant was to search for soap, he seemed alarmed, and said nothing. I found four squares of scented soap, and a cake of curd in the drawers. I proceeded to lift up the bed - he said nothing to me, his wife then said,
"You will, find all I have got there." I found twenty-one cakes in a box, and another large box, which appeared to have had soap in it.
Q. When the wife spoke, did he say anything - A. No; two cakes in the box appeared to have been in ashes, he gave no account how he got it.
Cross-examined. Q. It was the wife who said
"That is all I have got" - A. Yes, he was present, and said nothing, but was flurried; Mr. Proudfoot was there all the time.


                  JACOB 
                  BOTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer, and went with Harrison to search Burnett's premises. Harrison said he came to search for soap; he said he knew nothing about soap - Mrs. Burnett was inside, two squares of Windsor soap was found in one drawer, and two in another. Before we went to the bed, Mrs. Burnett said,
"There is all the soap you will find under there." Burnett made no reply that I heard.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. All he said was, that he knew nothing about it - A. Yes.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Then he gave no account how, or where he got it - A. No; but previous to our searching, Harrison told him a boy used to bring the soap there - he said he knew nothing about it; he did not ask his wife how it came there. I was there a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes.


                  MARY 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I live opposite Burnett. I have seen Day twice; he came one week-day to Burnett's, and had something with him, but what I cannot say, and on the Sunday before Burnett was taken; Burnett was at the door when he came on a week-day, but I do not know whether he was on Sunday. Mrs. Burnett gave me soap twice to take to my sisters; Mr. Burnett was not at home at the time. Mrs. Burnett told me to take 1 s. 3 d. a cake for the first, and give her the money - she sent me three times to Mrs. Kimpton, and I got the same price for her.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You received it from Mrs. Burnett, and never had anything to do with Mr. Burnett - A. Never; she always told me to bring her the money, and not let Mr. Burnett see it if he was at home.


                  JOHN 
                  PROUDFOOT
               



            . I did not see the person who uttered the words about the soap, and I may have made a mistake.
DAY'S Defence. I became acquainted with Burnett, by buying a pair of shoes of him, four or five months ago; he asked where I worked, I said at a tallow chandler's, he asked if I could get any thing.
DAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            .
BURNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
