





1643. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  WALKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 1 basket, value 2s. 6d., and 36 composition dolls, value 39s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Barton
               




            .
JOHN BARTON. I am a composition-doll maker
. On the 28th of June I sent Price out with thirty-six dolls, value 39s., in a basket, to Great St. Thomas Apostle - I live in Long-lane; he returned in about an hour, without them - I found a man in custody with them at the Mansion-house.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Barton. On the 28th of June I had these dolls to take to Messrs. Lee, Greenwood, and Co., in Great St. Thomas Apostle; when I got into Bow-church-yard


 I was tapped on the shoulder by a man, who pointed to a gentleman standing in a passage about two yards off, with his hat off, and his hands behind him - he said, "That gentleman wants you;" I went to the gentleman, who said, "Will you go and fetch me a coach, and I will give you 6d.;" I was going with my basket on my shoulder - he called me back, and said,"Not a coach, but a cabriolet, and you can leave your basket here;" I left it, and went for the cabriolet - I returned in five minutes with one, and found the man in the custody of an officer; he was tried last Session - whether the prisoner is the other man I cannot say; I did not take notice of him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The man who sent you for the coach was indicted last Session? A. Yes - it happened about ten minutes past seven o'clock; the church-yard is not a great thoroughfare; I cannot say whether the prisoner is the man who sent me to the gentleman.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday, the 28th of June, a little after seven o'clock, I was in Cheapside, and saw the prisoner cross just by Bow-church-yard; he was not exactly in company with the man who has been convicted, but six or eight yards from him; I had some suspicion, and went down Bow-lane, and on turning into Bowchurch-yard I met the prisoner with the basket; I caught at him - he jumped back, and the basket fell against my knee; I did not secure him, but the other man; I have not a doubt of the prisoner being the man who had the basket.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say you have no doubt of him? A. None at all; I have seen him before in Smithfield-market, five or six times; I did not see him again till the 19th of July, when he was in the Compter, on another charge; I swear positively to him.(Basket produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
