





270. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEACON
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of December
, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I went with Vann and Mance to the prisoner's house - there are only two rooms, one above the other. I found the street-door and windows fastened. My fellow officers lifted me up to get in at the window, but my foot slipped, and I fell down; the prisoner immediately jumped out of bed, came towards the window, and from under the window, inside, I saw him take a brown paper parcel and throw it towards the stair-case, I was half in at the window then, I called to my brother officers to break open the door, the prisoner was then on the stairs with his shirt on. They broke open the door, and I called to Vann, to see what lay on the stairs. Vann immediately brought me a brown paper parcel - it contained a quantity of notes. I asked him how he came by them? he said
"I know nothing of those notes." I asked him who lived there? he said nobody but himself, and that young woman, who was his house-keeper (there was a woman in bed with him). I pointed to a looking-glass over the mantle-piece, and said,
"Whose is that?" he said his, and all the furniture was his. I marked the notes and paper which enclosed them (looking at some notes,) these are them, they were tied up in three rolls - there were two rolls of twenty each and nineteen in the other.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Armstrong, he got in at the window. We broke the door open below, and saw the prisoner in his shirt on the stairs. By Armstrong's direction I found a brown paper parcel on the stairs, and gave it to Armstrong, it contained three rolls of notes tied up close with fine thread. He said the place, was his, and he paid 4 s. a week for it.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I was with the officers. We broke open the door, and the prisoner was standing on the stairs in his shirt. Armstrong told Vann to get the brown paper parcel which lay on the stairs. I saw it open in Armstrong's hand, it contained notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a Bank inspector. The three notes set out in the indictment, are forged in every respect, and are not the signatures which they purport to bear.


                  GEORGE 
                  GORDON
               



            . The signature to the note is not my hand-writing.
(read.)
Prisoner's Defence. Is it feasible that if I knew they were there, I should not have put them away, when they came and tried the door ten minutes before? I had plenty of time to throw them out at the back window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 64.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
