






2142. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  TRUELOVE
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WARBOYS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 8 boots, value 2l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 pair of upper-leathers, value 2s., and 3 pieces of leather, value 6d, the goods of William Day; and 3 pairs of upper-leathers, value 2s.; 2 lasts, value 6d., and 2 pairs of inner-soles, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pretty
               




            .
THOMAS PRETTY. I am a shoemaker
, and live at No. 5, Star-court, Grub-street. I was working in Mr. Day's shop - I went there to work on the morning of the 19th of September; I could not get in; I forced down a shutter, and missed all the articles stated; the string of the outer door was cut, the pannel of the door leading into the shop was cut out, and was set against the wall; that door was locked; these things are my property; they were safe the night before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I have occupied that shop above four years; I missed eight boots,one pair of shoes, one pair of upper-leathers, and some leather - I had seen them safe the night before when I left the shop, a few minutes after nine o'clock; I was alarmed the next morning, by a person calling and telling me the shop had been robbed - I went and missed my property; this is it - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BANKS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty in Grub-street about half-past five o'clock that morning; I saw the two prisoners with each a bundle; I made towards them, and they ran into Crown-court, got into a house, and shut the door; I sent the other watchman to get an officer; we got the door open, and I found this property in the passage - neither of them gave any account of how they got the articles, till they got to the watch-house, and then they said they found them; they were about thirty yards from the prosecutor's when I first saw them.
Prisoner TRUELOVE. Q. Did you see me with a bundle? A. Yes; tied up in an apron.


                  RICHARD 
                  HILLS
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in taking these men.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper. I received the prisoners and the bundle - the whole of the property was claimed by the prosecutor; I was desirous of searching the house they went into but they said I need not - that was all.
TRUELOVE'S Defence. I merely went to get my shoes mended by a young man who lives there; I did not fasten the door, there is no fastening to it - there was no bundle on me; Pretty has been convicted here himself with two others.
THOMAS PRETTY. Yes; I was tried here fifteen months ago for stealing a box, which I was innocent of - but I was found guilty.
Prisoner TRUELOVE. And since then he has been in Bridewell.
THOMAS PRETTY. Yes I was, through standing talking to a young man, but I had not taken the property; Truelove has been here himself for stealing a pair of trousers from Golden-lane.
TRUELOVE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARBOYS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            .
