





620. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLACKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 8th of May
, one box, value 3 s.; three pair of scissars, value 2 s. 8 d.; two nutmegs, value 4 d.; one pinafore, value 1 s. 6 d.; two pair of wristbands, value 1 s. 6 d., and twelve shirt-buttons, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I live at No. 200, Upper Thames-street


, and am a carpenter
. On the 8th of May, about six o'clock in the morning, I opened the kitchen window and the box was safe close to the window. I left the house at that time, and shut the door; when I came back the box was gone, and the prisoner stopped with it in his possession - I never saw the prisoner before. There is a glass-door in the passage, the street-door is opened when the female part of the family get up. There did not appear any force, it must have been opened by a pipe key.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a labourer by the water-side. I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Miller's house, about ten minutes before eight o'clock. He was a stranger to me. He went to two other persons close by the door, and said he could only open one lock with the key; he then returned back, and said there was a room up stairs with the door open, and a box on the table - they desired him to go and fetch it, and he did so. I let them go off the premises; they weighed the box in their hand to see how heavy it was. I stopped him before I lost sight of him, and the others went off. I took him to Mr. Miller's house, and delivered him to a constable. I did not see the box opened, I am quite sure he is the man that went into the house.
Q. Were you in sight of the prisoner when you heard him speak - A. No.


                  LYDIA 
                  MILLER
               



            . I was at home when the prisoner was brought into the house, I cannot say whether the box was brought in with him. He said the prisoner had stolen the box - I knew it when I saw it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is all false, I was not in the house or with any one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
