





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1307. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     DEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, a watch, value 2 l.; a watch chain, value 16 s., and two seals, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Graham
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I live in Grenfield-street, Commercial-road


, and am porter
 to a wine merchant. On the 3d of October, I went out about half-past eight o'clock, leaving my wife at home, and the watch on the mantleshelf. The prisoner was often at my house. About half-past four o'clock, in consequence of what my wife said, I went home, and looked for the prisoner, but did not find him for ten days; then found him at Woolwich, and asked him what he had done with what he took away from my house - I did not mention what; he said he would tell me when I was alone. We went into another room, and he said voluntarily that he had pawned the watch for 10 s., in Ratcliff-highway, and sold the chain in Tooley-street, and one seal in Oxford-street, and another seal and a key at another place. I went to different shops with him, and found the watch and chain - the other things were sold.


                  ROBERT 
                  LINWOOD
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Cordery, a pawnbroker, of Ratcliff-highway. On the 3d of October, before dinner, this watch was pawned in the name of Evans - I have not the least doubt of the prisoner being the person, but cannot swear to him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . My father is a jeweller. I have part of a gold chain, which I bought of the prisoner, on the 3d of October, for 16 s. - he first asked the value of it, and afterwards came and sold it, and said he found it in the dirt in Gracechurch-street.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
