







1600. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANNE 
                     DOVE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DOVE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHICK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           Gustavus 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Charles Webb 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , on the 30th of July
, and stealing 800 lbs. weight of cochineal, value 600l.
            , their property.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLAN
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Smith and Co., drysalters

, of St. Mary-axe


. Nobody sleeps on the premises - it is all used as a warehouse. On Saturday night, the 28th of July, between seven and eight o'clock, I locked up the warehouse, and took the keys to Mr. Valentine, the clerk - I went back, about half-past eight o'clock on Monday morning, opened the street door, and on going into the counting-house, found part of a bottle of wine, and some glasses there - the lock of the counting-house door was broken open, and the lock of the door leading to the warehouse up stairs was forced - I went, up and found property gone from the first floor - I went to the first floor, then came down into a little room, and found a hole broken through the wall of an empty house, at the back of ours; that enabled persons to get from that empty house to this inner room, which is on the first floor - I missed about 8 cwt. of cochineal, which I had left safe on Saturday night, between seven and eight o'clock - I informed Mr. Valentine.
- VALENTINE. I am clerk to the prosecutor. It was Allan's duty to bring me the keys - he did so on Saturday the 28th of July, about eight o'clock; they were in my possession till about half-past eight on Monday morning, when I delivered them to him.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. On the 8th of August I went with my father and Herdsfield to No. 9, Paradise-street; we searched the first floor middle room, which was open, and found a cupboard over the stair-case which was locked - I went down and asked Mary Anne Dove for the key; she said she had not got it, for she had lent the use of that cupboard to the person she had let the front room to - I fetched a poker out of the kitchen to break it open, and in putting the poker under the door, it ran into one of the bags, and the cochineal flowed out - there was about 300 lbs. of cochineal there - I produce samples of it - I asked her to inform me where the young man was, whom she had let the room to; she said she should answer no questions. On the 13th of August, in consequence of information, I, Herdsfield and 
               
                  John 
                  Forrester
               



             went to the prisoner Chick's house, in Bacchus-walk, Hoxton, and saw him there; it is a small hovel, built in a garden - it has only a ground-floor; he was at work as a shoemaker - I told him I understood there was a quantity of cochineal there; he whispered something to his wife, and while she was in the act of speaking to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hardsfield
               



            , at the door, I opened a door which led into a back place, and there found a bag, containing about 90 lbs. of cochineal; he said a man in a hairy cap brought it there on the Thursday of Friday, put it inside the door, and told him to take care of it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. What day of the week was the 8th of August? A. Wednesday; the 13th was Monday; there was a bed in the back room - it is a very miserable place.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Forrester; he was talking when I went back; his wife said to me, "Herdsfield, it is here," and we found the cochineal in the back place.
Cross-examined. Q. The wife said, what you were inquiring about was there? A. Yes.
MR. 
               
                  GUSTAVUS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother Charles Webb Smith, we are drysalters, and deal in cochineal

 - I was in the country when this happened. I have examined the samples of the cochineal found at Dove's by daylight; we prepare our cochineal by a particular process, and can say this is our property; it is in a finished state - that found at Chick's is part of the same parcel.
Cross-examined. Q. You prepare yours by a particular process? A. We believe so - I do not know how others prepare it, but we always know our own when we see it in the market with other lots; we prepare all ours by the same mode - it differs principally in two respects - there is a better state of colour on it, a better face, and it is lighter in hand, as we call it - it has a different feel. I think I could tell one lot of our preparation from another, but not by candle light - by referring to my book I could see what quality was prepared at one time from another. I saw this cochineal in its first state, and followed it through all its different processes, and know it to have been prepared at a particular time, for a particular market, and from particular samples; the preparation is the same, but the qualities selected are different in the first instance.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Where was this prepared for? A. For Chinn. I am certain that this was prepared only a few days previous to the 28th of July.
MR. VALENTINE. I know this cochineal to be what was prepared in July for China. I have seen it by daylight, and by candle-light. It was only prepared a few days previous to the robbery.


                  CHARLES 
                  WEBB SMITH
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother - I came to town on Monday morning, and found the premises in the state described - I missed the cochineal, which had been prepared on the 26th or 27th, and know this to be part of the same.
CHICK's Defence. I have a witness who slept at my house from the 24th to the 30th of July.


                  THOMAS 
                  WESTON
               



            . I am a boot-closer, and know Chick - he is a shoemaker. On the evenings of the 25th, 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th of July, I was at his house, and part of the day time. I went there to ask him to recommend me to work. I had come from Portsmouth, and had seen him before - I slept in his house all those nights, in the next room to him; nobody could come out of his room without going through the one I was in, nor without disturbing me - I generally got there about half-past nine or ten o'clock, and I, in a measure, spent an hour or two with him every evening; he generally got up at six o'clock in the morning - he never left the house on those nights, or I must have heard him - he had more work than common at this time, and I assisted him; I was there occasionally for three weeks after, or nearly four weeks, going to assist him; I was there on the Wednesday before he was taken; and towards the close of the evening I saw a man bringa bag - it was Wednesday, to the best of my remembrance - it might be about eight o'clock.
Q. Did the man say any thing? A. The only words I heard him mention was, "Let this remain here for a few minutes;" he might have said more, but I am rather hard of hearing - he might have said the number of minutes - the bag was left in the outer room. I went away about half-past seven o'clock - he had not come for it then - I never saw him before. I did not see the bag afterwards; it appeared to be made of strong brown linen, which I call Russia sheeting.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Where do you live? A. In Bell-alley, Goswell-street. I had no residence when I slept at Chick's - I had just come to town; the rooms are very small, and only a thin partition between them.
Q. Are there two beds? A. Why, it cannot be called a bed - it was a make-shift, to save me from a lodging - he must pass very lightly through my room not to awake me - I am very wakeful - a person might perhaps go through the room without his shoes. Chick wished the man to take the bag away - he did not open it, nor ask what it was, nor did I. Nobody could go out and come in again without my hearing them.
COURT. Q. I thought you said your hearing was bad? A. Sometimes it is. I lodge in Bell-alley, on the first floor. I left Chick's house at eight o'clock on Sunday morning, and returned about half-past six or seven o'clock- I was absent all day; I think I can say I did not return later than seven; I keep no watch, and there is no clock, but I know the people were not out of church.
Q. Out of what church? A. Out of the churches which I passed; I went up Windmill-street, and passed the Tabernacle; the people were in there - I suppose that is over about eight o'clock, but I cannot say when. I will swear I got to Chick's before eight, for after I got there I heard the people passing by, say it was eight; I was then indoors. The footpath is close to the door; I heard the parents call their children in, who were playing there, and say it was gone eight. I was talking to Chick and his wife at the time. I went to bed on Saturday about eleven o'clock - the bag was left at his house on a Wednesday, about five weeks ago - I think it was about the 8th of August - I am confident it was Wednesday; I was not there when the officers came - whether they look the same bag away I cannot say; it was left by a stout man in a jacket, but what his jacket was made of I do not know.
Q. Did he wear a cocked hat, or a round one? A. Oh, it was not a cocked hat.
Q. Was it a good round hat, or a shabby one? A. That I cannot answer - he was at the door so short a time I could not observe; he put it in, and went away after saying what he did. I cannot say whether his hat was shabby or not - I do not think it was very shabby; I cannot say what his hat was, whether it was new or old; to the best of my remembrance he had a hat on, but of what sort it was I do not know - he had the bag on his shoulder - I think it was large, but what the size was I cannot say - I should think it would hold about two bushels; I do not know what cochineal is; he left it between five and six o'clock - he put it just within the door; the prisoner said,"You must not leave that here," or words to that effect; he did not throw it out of doors after him - I did not run after the man; we did not go to inform a constable; Worship-street is about half a mile off. I was there about two hours and a half that day - I went to see about some work which he had promised me, but there was none - I staid, as I had nothing to do; I made no inquiry whether such property had been lost. The man did not run away that I know of - he went away; we did not call him back. I told the prisoner's father of this on the day he was committed from the Mansion-house, as I was there; I was not inside the office. I cannot say that the prisoner ever examined the bag. When I left the house it was on the same spot as the man left it; I have not seen it since.

D. FORRESTER
             re-examined. I cannot be certain whether the prisoner or his wife told me when it was left; the prisoner was present at the time - they were close together.
CHICK - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
M. A. DOVE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
E. DOVE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
