






1590. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OTTAWAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLISON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 6 live tame geese, value 3l.; 1 live tame gander, value 10s., and 9 live tame goslings, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abell 
                     Yewer
                  




               
            .


                  ABELL 
                  YEWER
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Staines Moor


 - I had six geese, one gander, and nine young ones on the 20th of July; I fastened them all up that night, put a chain round the head of the gate, and twice round the pales - I had been out that morning, and some of the children had lost the key; I was called up at half-past one o'clock next morning, and was told two men were driving some geese - I opened my window; the gate was open, and all the geese gone; I went down, and Mr. Baker had Ottaway in custody - I found all my geese in the water.


                  MARY 
                  DEXTER
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor. I heard a noise, and saw these two prisoners bring the geese along; I thought I knew them to be Yewers; I saw the prisoners so as to distinguish their persons - Ottaway was the one nearest to me; I went and called Baker; he came out - the prisoners ran, and Baker pursued; I am quite sure they are the men - it was moonlight, and Ottaway was not out of my sight.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAKER
               



            . I was called out, and saw the prisoners just making a start to run: they ran through the gate, and I called to them to stop; Ottaway said, "I shan't stop," and ran on about ten yards farther - Collison jumped over a gate into a plantation; I pursued Ottaway - he said he would beat my brains out, and struck me over the head with a stick; he struck at me a second time; I caught it on my arm, seized him, and took the stick from him - I brought him back to the prosecutor's, and asked him if he was not ashamed to rob a poor man, who only had 12s. 6d. a week; I then went and took Collison in the plantation; he could not get out any other way - I am quite certain he is the man I saw get over; I was within two yards of him.
Ottaway's Defence. I did not strike him. I had been to look for work, and met a friend, who took me into a public-house, and this young man came in - we were going along the road, and I never went out of the road.
Collison's Defence I had been travelling all day for work, and went into the public-house, and saw this man - we had rather a drop too much, and stopped late; I went on, and kicked against this bit of chain on the side of the road - the geese were on the side of the road; we did not drive them.
OTTAWAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
COLLISON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
