





414. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, one watch, value 10 s.; two seals, value 6 d., and two keys, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clapson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAPSON
               



            . I keep a pork-shop
 in Chancery-lane. On the 7th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I stopped for a necessary purpose at the corner of Bolt-court, Fleet-street


, and all of a sudden my watch was snatched from me. I saw somebody start from me, and called out Stop thief! a young man pursued, and secured him by Gough-square. I came up and found the prisoner in custody. My watch was produced.
JOHN OVER. I am a butcher, and live in Fleet-market. On the 7th of April I turned into Bolt-court, the prosecutor was against the wall. I saw the prisoner take something from the prosecutor's breeches and run off with it. I pursued him, calling Stop thief! and saw him stopped in Gough-square - the watch was picked up, and delivered to the prosecutor. The prisoner behaved very bad, and made use of bad language - he told me to be on my guard, for if he was in confinement there were those who would mark me, and he did not care for himself, for he was as well out of the country as in it and he knew we could not rope him for this.


                  THOMAS 
                  AUBREY
               



            . I am a painter. I was entering Gough-square, heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running towards me. I stopped him, delivered him to two other people, and picked the watch up about two yards from him, in the way he had run - nobody could have thrown it there but him.


                  GEORGE 
                  GUSHAM
               



            . I am a hatter. I was coming down Fleet-street, heard the cry, and ran into Bolt-court, saw the prisoner stopped, and saw him throw something from him. The watch was picked up by Aubrey. He said he could not be roped, only sent out of the country.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
