






Before Mr. Recorder.
1308. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SALMON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SANDERS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, a sovereign, seven half-crowns, eight shillings, a knife, value 3 d.; six silver tokens, value 5 s., and a purse, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Nicholas 
                        Nash
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  NASH
               



            . I came from Limerick
, and am a labourer
. On the 16th of July I was at Finchley


; I had one sovereign and a half, eight shillings, seven half crowns, five Irish tokens, and a half token in my purse, and a knife in my pocket. I went to sleep in a shed about nine o'clock at night. The prisoners were fellow-labourers

 with me; we had been 
working for Mr. Wilkinson, a farmer



. I went to the shed by myself; when I laid down to sleep, Linton brought me some hay to shelter me - I did not see either of the prisoners that night before I went to sleep. I took my purse and put it under me. I had been asleep some time, when Linton came and laid by my side was not so dark but that I could see him; he awoke me by feeling about me. I asked what brought him there, and would he not cover himself with the hay; he said he was warm enough; he asked me what brought me there - I said I had leave to be there; he said I should not be there, and gave me a shove. He had been at work as a haymaker. Some men then came round the shed, who had been at a public-house, and made a great alarm. Linton went out to them; some persons then came in and dragged me from where I had been lying. Linton was one of them, and assisted in pulling me out; I saw him searching under me. I could not distinguish who were the other persons. When we were before the Magistrate Linton was admitted to give evidence.
JURY. Q. Do you think Linton knew you had money - A. Yes, he knew it.


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoners, Salmon, and Linton, on the 16th of July. Linton was admitted to give evidence. I found a bag and some buttons upon Salmon, a crown piece, and six half-crowns - I never saw the tokens. I found the prosecutor's purse in a pond; and found a knife, which has not been identified - the buttons were identified.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am a constable. I and Conway apprehended Salmon and Linton in a field, at work with other labourers, on the 19th. They were taken before a Magistrate, and Linton admitted an evidence.


                  JOHN 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am a constable. I took Sanders near Hitchin, in Herts, about three weeks after the robbery. but found nothing on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LINTON
               



            . I am a labourer on Mr. Wilkinson's farm. On the night of the robbery this man came into the rick-yard and enquired if he could sleep there. I said he might sleep in the shed. I generally sleep upon a rick.I went on the rick first, and then into the shed - I do not know for what reason. I did not steal his money, nor do I know when it was taken. I laid down by the side of Nash, and felt all over him to feel if he had any money; he awoke, and said
"Who is here?" I appeared to be asleep, and he said
"You had better lay some hay over you." I then got up and went to the yard, and saw Sanders; I said
"Here is the Irishman," and then we went in, and I laid upon his feet and took hold of his hand, while Straw Joe (Sanders) tried to ram some hay into his mouth to prevent his crying out; and then the man in the glazed hat and Straw Joe searched his person, while I searched the hay; in the mean time Straw Joe struck him. Salmon was not then in the shed, he was outside. I then went out and met Salmon, and he went in and searched him, and I stood in the door-way - they came out; I went in, and Nash was enquiring for his coat; and as we were coming out Joe said to me
"I have his money." We then agreed to go to Totteridge. I did not know what money was taken from Nash, but the half sovereign, the purse, and the buttons were given to me by Straw Joe. The buttons which were found on Salmon were those that Straw Joe gave me. I put them and the half sovereign into my pocket, and threw the purse into a pond. I do not know how the buttons came in Salmon's possession - I did not give them to him.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Is this your first robbery - A. Yes, I went into the shed of my own accord, and fumbled about the man, but I did not take the money. I went there to sleep and to rob the man; I went to do both. I cannot tell whether these are the buttons or not; I think those I had were bigger.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  NASH
               



             re-examined. I had some buttons in my purse; I am sure this button is one; it is one of my coat buttons; I can read, but I do not know what letters are on it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Linton was the man who came in and laid by you. - A. Yes, he shammed sleep; when I came out of the shed I saw the prisoners near it, and to the best of my opinion they had been in it; Salmon struck me when I came out.
SANDERS's Defence. What they have sworn is false - when I was coming down to the shed, Linton and another came out; I never saw the prosecutor, there were from twelve to twenty persons about the ricks and barns.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  NASH
               



             re-examined. I did not see the prisoners in the shed, but they were in the employ of the same master. I had seen them before that day among the rest. I had been working there some time, and had slept in the ricks or in a barn. I cannot tell what time of night it was. When I got out I went to a public-house at Whetstone, and enquired at the gate for a watchman, it might be between ten and eleven o'clock; it was not very dark; I could distinguish one man from another, there were a great many round the shed when I went away. I had been showing my money in the yard the day before. The shed had no door.
SALMON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAUNDERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
