





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1120. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Wood
                     




                  , on the night of the 17th of June
, at Ealing, and stealing five sheets, value 4 l.; two table-cloths, value 2 l.; two shifts, value 16 s.; a pelisse, value 1 l.; four frocks, value 1 l.; five dresses, value 3 l.; four napkins, value 10 s.; seven pairs of stockings, value 14 s.; eight shirts, value 2 l., and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , his property.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
MRS. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am the wife of Alexander Wood - we live at New Brentford


; I think it is in Hanwell parish. On the night of the 17th of June we had a quantity of linen stolen from the laundry.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CATLING
               



            . I am a watchman of Acton. On the 18th of June, about three o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner about three miles from Mr. Wood's, with a large bundle on his head, and his hat in his hand; I asked what he had got; he said dirty linen, which he was taking to the washerwoman; I asked where she lived - he said at Tyburn-gate; I asked if he was in the habitof coming along the road at that hour - he said No; that he had a cart, but the wheels wanted greasing, and he was obliged to carry them himself - that he brought it from the Duke of Northumberland's; I said, "Come with me" - he then threw it down, and ran off - I pursued, and took him.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I produce the linen. I searched the prisoner, and found a dark lantern, a phosphorus-box, a pair of list shoes, and a razor, in his pocket; and in the bundle of linen was a crow-bar; a pair of stockings and a handkerchief were in his pocket: the linen was all clean.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Hounslow, and met two men, who asked me to carry this bundle to Tyburn-turnpike; they said if I was asked about it I was to say I came from the Duke of Northumberland's.
GUILTY. Aged 23.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
