





1739. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 4s., and 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bowden
                     



                  ; and 1 coat, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 18s., and 1 sheet, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lloyd
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Davis
                     



.
WILLIAM BOWDEN. I am a shoemaker
, and lodge in Rose-alley, Eagle-street, Holborn


, at Thomas Davis' house. On the 5th of July I was awoke early in the morning by a man crossing my room - I laid still, and saw it was the prisoner - I saw him go to the box and take two pairs of trousers and a coat of Lloyd's - he took my coat, waistcoat, and trousers from the foot of the bed, and went out - I followed - he dropped them on the stairs - I gave an alarm, and a lamplighter took him.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time was this? A. A few minutes before five o'clock - the front door is usually open - I thought, at first, it was my shopmate, and said "Halloo, you are come early;" I never lost sight of him - my things are worth 20s.
JOHN LLOYD. I sleep in Bowden's room. I was not there that night - I left my things in the box - they are worth 30s.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CLARRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman of Eagle-street. I heard the alarm, and took the prisoner from the hands of the lamplighter - he said that the man was gone down another street - Bowden was following him - I saw nobody else.


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I found the property at the foot of the stairs.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at the fair, and returning home intoxicated, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran up and saw a man on the other side of the way - I asked him what was the matter; he said "You did it;" and took me; the watchman can prove he said he had lost sight of the person twice.
FRANCIS CLARRIDGE. He did not say so.
JOHN LLOYD. He did not say so.




               GUILTY. Aged 20. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
