





1219. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, four seals, value 39 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  WEST
               



            . I am an optician
 and sell seals
, and live in Russell-court, Drury-lane


. On the 12th of September, about seven o'clock, the prisoner came in and asked to see some gold seals which were in the window, I shewed him a card, containing five; he appeared to fix on one marked 7 s. 6 d., and asked me the motto; I told him - he then said, his brother liked a black stone, but he liked a white; I asked if he intended to purchase, he said, Yes, and asked me to cut the seal off; I said I could not, unless he meant to purchase; he said he did - I cut it off, he then came very close to the lamp. He had his hat on, which was wet; I told him, if he went near the glass bell over the lamp it would fly to pieces; he took it off, and began talking about his brother Tom - he went to the door, called "Tom," and ran out with the card of four seals. I followed immediately and knocked him down, I secured him without loosing sight of him. I suppose he dropped them in the mud, as I have not found them. I distinctly saw him take them. On the way to Bow-street I met Dallas, who took him back to my house to search him, and there he exchanged my coat for his, which I did not discover till I got to Bow-street.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DALLAS
               



            . I met him in Vinegar-yard. I stripped him in the parlour.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
