





959. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, a bag, value 3 d.; a yard of gingham, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 6 d.; one half crown, three shillings, and two sixpences the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a single woman
, and live in Cable-street, with my brother. On the 24th of June, I was going home, and in White Lion-street


, a man came up and snatched the bag, containing the articles stated in the indictment out of my hand, and ran down Little Ayliff-street. I ran after him. I lost sight of him for five minutes, and was stopped; he was of the same size and appearance as the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a porter. I was in Colchester-street - heard a cry of Stop thief! ran towards the noise; the prisoner was the first person, I saw running in a direction from White Lion-street, and stopped him; he immediately put his hand to his hat, and suspecting he he had something there, I found the bag in his hat, with its contents, except the money, which was in his hat in paper.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was bought to the watch-house with the bag.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home; some people were going along, who snatched the lady's ridicule, they threw it down; I picked it up, put it into my hat, to run after them, when I was stopped.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
