





2119. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BARNETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, 1 bonnet, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 tippet, value 9s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 2 caps, value 1s. 6d., and 1 flat-iron, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Gray
               




            .
ELIZABETH CRAY. I live with my sister, Martha Gray; she goes out nursing
 - I am out of place, and live with her, at No. 100, Golden-lane


; I had known the prisoner from being in the poor-house some time ago, when I was ill; I met her on the 17th of September, crying, in the street; she said to me, "Betsy, how do you do?" I said,"I don't know you;" she described herself to me, and asked if I would give her a lodging: I said Yes, if my sister would let me; I took her home - she slept with me, and the next morning she said she was very poorly, and asked to have her breakfast in bed; she then asked me to go to Wilmington-buildings, to a person named Vidler, to receive a pound or two; I went, and could not find any such person - my sister was out at this time: when I came back the prisoner was gone, and I missed all the property stated, which belonged to my sister: I found she was in custody on another charge, at Worship-street - she had this gown and bonnet on, which are my sister's; the other part of the property has not been found - she at first told the Magistrate that she had lost them, and then that she had not had them; she had left her own things in our room, and I gave them to her.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . The prisoner was taken up for an assault, and this property was found on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery: I was walking down Long-lane, and met a man, who asked me to buy these things; I bought them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
