





845. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARRATT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 60lbs. weight of lead, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William Hill 
                        Stamp
                     



                  , and fixed to a certain building
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a builder. I know where this lead was taken from - I afterwards saw it fitted - it tallied exactly; I have no doubt it came from there - the building belongs to John Smith and William Hill Stamp; on the 22d of March, about a quarter-past eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another person drawing a sack from the area of this carcass, and when they got it to the wall joining the side of the bank, I saw another youth heaving it on the prisoner's back; I pursued, and met him with the lead - the other escaped; the lead was gone from off the gutters of four houses - there were seven or eight hundred weight in all.


                  HUGH 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an upholsterer. I saw the prisoner draw the bag from the area - I was not aware what was in it; I called Boyd, who followed him; I turned the bag out, which contained the lead.


                  ROBERT 
                  TEASDALE
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. The prisoner and the lead were brought to me; I saw it fitted on the building, and it matched exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am part owner of this property, in trust for Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Biddulph
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
