






704. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     DUNKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April

, a spoon, value 12 s.; two bottles, value 6 d.; two quarts of wine, value 10 s.; 6 lbs. of bread, value 1 s.; half an ounce of tea, value 3 d.; one ounce of cocoa, value 2 d.; three pair of gloves, value 2 s.; seven plates, value 3 s., and four ounces of mutton, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Croft 
                  Fish
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROFT FISH
               



            . I live in John-street, Pentonville



. The prisoner was five weeks in my service, and was my only female servant
 - having suspicion that I was plundered from time to time, I determined to watch; and on Sunday I found concealed between her bed and the sacking, a whity-brown paper parcel; containing coffee, sugar, cocoa, sweetmeats, gloves, and a small child's stocking, containing duplicates; one of which was for a silver spoon, pawned on the 27th of March. I replaced the things, as she had asked to go out that evening - I examined the plate, and found a spoon missing. I got up early next morning, and watched at the bed-room window, which commanded a view of the street, and in about twenty minutes I saw Riley come opposite the house, and look down the kitchen - she went backwards and forwards six or seven times, she then stopped; she had a small white handkerchief, which appeared to be empty, she opened the gate and appeared to come in at the street-door; this was about six o'clock. Riley left the house endeavouring to conceal a bundle under her cloak; I then ran down and before she turned the corner of the street, I came up with her, and asked what she had under her cloak; she said some broken victuals, which had been given her by a person close by - I asked her where; she pointed towards the chapel, which is in a contrary direction to my house - I told her to return with me; she did - I placed her in the in the front parlour, where the other prisoner was. I had her bundle put on the table; she made a motion which I thought to be curtsying, but I found she had dropped a bottle of port wine; I made her sit down. and would suffer no communication between the two; close by the door where she sat, was another bottle of sherry, which I have compared with my stock. I sent for a constable, who examined the bundle - it was the same I had found under the bed, but two plates were added to it. I found a letter with a direction in it, in the parcel which gave me the residence of the prisoner Riley. I went there and found five plates, of the same pattern as the other two; and about four yards of ribbon, which I knew to be mine, as it was on the card of a friend of mine, and I had seen it on my wife's bonnet; five pair of gloves were in the bundle, and some of which have my name on them. Riley said she had found the wine that morning, in a field behind the House of Correction, wrapped in a napkin. Dunkin said she did not care what I did with her, provided I let the other go. She called her aunt - I found the spoon at the pawnbroker's.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The gloves are dirty - A. Certainly; they were perhaps left in my hat, or put in a drawer to be cleaned - the ribbon cost 16 d., a yard. I can swear to the plates, by their shape, size, and pattern, and by a deficiency in the set.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge, how many plates you had - A. I do; for we had had a party the night before; and the prisoner was very anxious to have the key to put them out. I know they were not broken - we allow our servants 10 s. 6 d. a year, in addition to their wages for accidents; and if they were broken, we should know it. I knew the wine by the taste, and colour.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ASHEN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Neale, who lives opposite Mr. Fish. I saw Riley walking up and down the street, before Mr. Fish's door, a little after six o'clock in the morning; and noticed her looking down the kitchen window. Then the servant let her in - she had no bundle then, only a white handkerchief; she came out in about five minutes, with a bundle under her arm - I went away from the window directly; Mr. Fish came over, and I told him what I had seen.


                  HONORA 
                  O'CONNELL
               



            +. I live in John-street, one door from Mr. Fish. I went to his door for a light, the prisoner Riley then stood there with a bundle - she left the house as I came away. I did not suspect any thing.


                  JAMES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the prosecutor to Riley's house. and found five plates, and the ribbon there.
DUNKIN. I am quite innocent.
RILEY'S Defence. I found the bottles of wine at the back of the House of Correction; and brought the two plates to the other prisoner to replace two she had broken. As I came along, I met a woman who gave me this broken victuals.
DUNKIN - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Confined Six Months
            .
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
