







2126. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PUDDIFORD
               




            , 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JAMES
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 2 coats, value 45s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward Long 
                  Fox
               




            .
EDWARD LONG FOX. I am a broker
, and lodge in New Church-street, Edgware-road


. On the 12th of October these things were hung up in the passage - the key was in the coat pocket - I saw them safe about seven o'clock that morning; about half-past seven a chimney-sweeper knocked at the door, and gave the servant information; she called me; I went out, but have not found either of the coats since; one was drab, and one blue.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a chimney-sweeper. On the 12th of October I saw James run into Mr. Fox's passage, and return with a drab great-coat - I stood at the corner of the street, and saw him give it to Puddiford, who stood at the door; Morris stood facing the window; Puddiford followed the other up two streets - I went and knocked at the door, and asked the gentleman if he had lost a greatcoat - he said Yes - I told him which way they had run - James and Morris had ran down Church-street - Puddiford ran round Nightingale-street, with the coat.
Prisoner JAMES. Q. Was the door open when you saw me take the coats? A. The door was a-jar - I was going to a job, and a coffee-woman, at the corner, sent me to tell the gentleman.
COURT. Q. Why not tell the gentleman sooner? A. My master was coming up the grove, and he hallooed to me - I saw Morris walk down the street with James; he walked to the bottom of Church-street, and then walked very fast.
Prisoner JAMES. Two weeks ago I saw that boy with two others; he stole a hat from the corner of Homer-street and Crawford-street - I know the man who wears the hat now - he bought it of him.
Witness. I never stole a hat in my life, nor was I concerned in stealing one; I was never at the shop he mentions; I was once taken up for breaking windows, but was discharged; I was never in the House of Correction.


                  JAMES 
                  GEE
               



            . I live with Mr. Gee, of Copeland-street, about twelve yards from Mr. Fox's. On the morning of the 12th of October, about seven o'clock, Puddiford passed me with two coats, one blue and one light coloured, under his arm; he was running from Mr. Fox's house, and not above twelve yards from it - I gave an alarm - he ran down Nightingale-street - the witness knocked at the door to inform Mr. Fox; this was about five minutes after I saw him with them.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 12th of October I apprehended the prisoners, from the description given by Williams; I found a few halfpence and some silver on Puddiford.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I assisted in apprehending them, and found 2s. on James.
MORRIS'S Defence. The gentleman says he saw the coats safe at seven o'clock - the witness says it was about seven that he saw Puddiford run with them.
THOMAS THOMPSON re-examined. I was some time with James, and told him a sweep had seen him turn out of the house with the coats - I described the sweep to him - he is well known among them all - he told me he had seen him steal a hat and some bacon.
JAMES' Defence. This boy is in the habit of sleeping in empty houses, and stealing property - he is a running dustman.
PUDDIFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
