





493. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HENLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, three yards of baize, value 4 s.; three gallons of wine, value 20 s.; ten bottles, value 2 s.; one box, value 5 s.; 6 lbs. of candles, value 3 s.; and one looking-glass, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ford
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William Allers 
                     Hankey
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Robinson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilksmond
                  



               
            , 
               
                  George 
                  Green
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Greenhaugh
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler
, and a joint trustee of a chapel at Stepney









, with the other persons stated in the indictment. On Saturday, the 1st of April, the articles in question were stolen from the chapel. I saw them all safe the Sunday before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at Mile End-road, about a quarter of a mile from the chapel - the property was under my care. I am the pew-opener. I locked all the articles up safe on the Wednesday, about six o'clock in the evening, I went again on Saturday, the 1st of April, the vestry windows were broken open and the articles gone - a cupboard in the vestry was broken open and fourteen bottlesof wine gone. I saw the property on the Tuesday following at Shadwell office, where the prisoner was in custody.


                  RUBEN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 1st of April, about ten minutes past five o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in Spitalfields, about half a mile from the chapel - another person was with him carrying a looking-glass. I stopped them, and asked what they had got there. They said they did not know, but they were to take them to a ship in the London Docks. They went with me a little way. The prisoner had a box. When we got to the corner of the watch-house, the other one put down the looking-glass and bundle. While I was putting the prisoner in the watch-house, the other man ran away, took the bundle with him, but left the looking-glass. They said they were sent by a captain at Stepney, to carry them to the London Docks. They said it was Captain 
               
                  William 
                  James
               



            , whose name was on the box - it was directed
"
               
                  William 
                  James
               



            , on board the Brilliant, South Quay, London Docks." I enquired on board that ship, but found no person of that direction.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with a box. He said he had them from a young man who gave him 1 s. to carry them, that they called the young man William, and that was all he knew. I found a flint, steel, and tinder-box, in his pocket. I also found a towel in his pocket, which Mr. Davis claims.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



             re-examined. The property all belongs to the chapel. The box contains the black cloth which was on the pulpit - the thieves had taken it off. The direction has been put on the box since.
Prisoner's Defence. The man who ran away was to have paid me for carrying the box. The tinder-box I use, as I am a conjurer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
