





1411. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GROSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, a writing desk, value 10 s.; and four shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Rosana 
                     Saville
                  




               
            .


                  ROSANA 
                  SAVILLE
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in the Commercial-road


. I am a grocer
; the prisoner is a stranger to me - this desk was on the counter in the shop with four shillings in it. I saw it safe at eight o'clock in the morning of the 25th of October; it was taken about half-past nine. I saw it at Worship-street on the Saturday following; I was in a little room behind the shop at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on Monday morning, the 25th of October, in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields, about a mile and a half from the prosecutrix's shop; he had the desk on his shoulder - another boy was with him who made his escape; seeing the desk about an inch open, I asked where he brought it from - he said from his father, who was a little broker at Bethnal-green, and the desk had been left with him to sell it. I enquired, but could not find his father; he said it was to be taken into the City, and he was to wait in Spitalfields-market for his father, at thesteps of a door. I took him into a house, examined the desk, and found some papers which led to the discovery; when I read the papers he began to cry, and said he was to have two-pence for carrying it for the other boy, and what he had said about his father was false; there were four shillings in it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young chap in Brick-lane, and he said if I would carry this box, he would give me a few halfpence; while we were going along the officer stopped us, and he ran away; and said if any body said anything, I was to tell them I carried it for my father.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
