





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
1357. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 4 handkerchiefs, value 5l. 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Matthison
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Jesse 
                        Matthison
                     



                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  REILLY
               



            . I am shopwoman to Catherine and Jesse Matthison, linen-drapers

 of Red Lion-street, Holborn


, they are the sole house-keepers. On Monday last, at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I went out for about five minutes, and as I came back I met the prisoner coming out of the shop door with these handkerchiefs open in his hand - I gave an alarm, and attempted to take them from him; he avoided me - I cried Stop thief! and ran after him for some yards; he was so closely pursued, he threw them down - a neighbour named Chapel picked them up. and gave them to me; Hall stopped the prisoner - I had seen them safe a few minutes before; there are three pieces and three loose ones, twenty-seven handkerchiefs in all.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. He brought them out exposed in his hand? A. Yes; the prosecutrixs are not here - I have lived with them twenty-five years; the premises are their joint freehold - the handkerchiefs are worth 5l. 8s.; they cost that - I know the value is deteriorated lately, but they are worth that - I cannot say what they weigh; some of them are India - they sell for 7s. each; the British are from 6s. to 7s. 6d. each - we get about 1s. on each; these were bought since the fall - tolerably good handkerchiefs are sold at 28s. a piece, but not like these.


                  ROBERT 
                  HALL
               



            . I live near Red Lion-passage; I was standing at the corner of Princes'-square, and saw the prisoner coming towards the corner, and about thirty yards further I collared him, and gave him in charge; I did not see him with the property.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was Mrs. Reilly from him? A. There was a crowd, and I did not recognize her.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  PADZUS
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was delivered to me in Prince's-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through Red Lion-street and saw a person running along; some boys were crying Stop thief! I joined in the pursuit, and a man stopped me; the woman said she believed I was the man at first, and then said I was.
GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
