







1545. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  SULLIVAN
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KEMP
               




            , and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BUTLER
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, nine pairs of stockings, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Kipling
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. William Kipling, haberdasher
, of Cheapside


. On the evening of the 22d of July, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw Kemp and Butler come into the shop - I was at the farther end of the shop, tying up a parcel - they asked to see some braces, and tendered a shilling to pay for them - the officer then came in and took them. Sullivan was brought in soon afterwards with these nine pairs of hose - I had seen them safe in the shop, within about a foot of the door - any body going by might have taken them.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did the prisoners select a pair of braces? A. Yes, and paid a shilling for them - they were at the end of the shop - I was astonished when the officer came in and took them.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. On the evening of the 22d of July I saw the three prisoners in company in Leadenhall-street. I followed them to Mr. Kipling's shop. Butler had this bag in his hand. When they got to the corner of Queen-street they remained there some time - then went up Bow-lane and returned, and went into a shop three or four doors before they came to Mr. Kipling's. They then looked at another shop - a boy came out and looked at them. Butler and Kemp then went into Mr. Kipling's shop. Sullivan took the stockings from the door, and put them into the bag, which he rolled up under his arm, and crossed the road - I followed, and took him - I got assistance to secure him, while I took the other two.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go into the other shop which they went into? A. Yes, and they had bought there a pair of stockings. which they paid for - I searched Kemp and Butler, and found the stockings.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I was going to Fleet-market to meet my brother. I saw this parcel of stockings lying on the ground. I took them up, and put them into my bag. The officer came and took me. I had never seen them others before.
KEMP'S Defence. I met Butler, he said he was going to buy stockings, and asked me to go with him, which I did; he gave two shillings and sixpence for them. When we came out, I said, "You want a pair of braces, you have forgotten them;" we then went into this shop to buy them, and gave one shilling for them; while we were there the gentleman came and took us.
BUTLER'S Defence. I met Kemp at the corner of Castle-street, Whitechapel. I said I was going to buy stockings and braces. I went and bought the stockings, but forgot the braces till I got out of the shop. I then went into Mr. Kipling's to buy them, and was taken - but I know not for what.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KEMP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BUTLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Confined Six Months
            .
