





1235. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     NOTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, one gown, value 3 s.; one shift, value 1 s.; one petticoat, value 2 s., and one pair of stockings, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Notley
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN NOTLEY
               



            . I am a servant
, and live in Claremont-place, Hackney-road. On the 13th of September, I hired the prisoner to carry my boxes from Crown-street, Bishopsgate-street


, to my mother's in Claremont-terrace.


                  HARRIET 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live in Crown-street. The prisoner came for Notley's boxes. She is his sister; I am his aunt. He was to take them to Claremont-terrace - I gave him the boxes.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOWRING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bermondsey-street. On the 14th of September, I took a petticoat and shift in pawn from the prisoner for 3 s., he said they belonged to his wife, and gave the name of John Brown, Snow-fields.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHARWOOD
               



            . On the 14th of September a gown was pawned with me. I do not know who by.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 17th of September, in the Hackney-road. I took him to a house where his mother and sister were; he said he had the property, and lost it. His sister claimed a pair of stockings on his legs. He said he could get some of the duplicates in a few minutes. I searched a woman he cohabited with, and found them on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
