





1954. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ELSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 2d.; 6 keys, value 6d.; 3 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Donald
                     



                  , from the person of Mary, his wife
            .


                  MARY 
                  DONALD
               



            . I am the wife of James Donald, who is a haberdasher
. On the 6th of September I went to Bartholomew fair


 with my husband - I had a reticule, containing two bunches of keys, 5s. in silver, and a purse; we got before Richardson's show: we were only going through the fair, going home. My reticule was snatched from me by some man - the prisoner was standing by me at the time- I saw him when he was taken. I have never seen my reticule since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNS
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the fair by accident, not on duty. I saw a gang of well-known pickpockets, and the prisoner among them. I saw this lady and her husband - she had a reticule on her left arm. I saw the prisoner make a snatch - he got it, put it behind him, and some one took it, but I do not know who; I laid hold of him, and did not let him go.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What are you? A. A constable of St. George, Bloomsbury: I had been to see my brother, and then went to the fair; I had got my staff. I am a special constable, paid by the committee of Torrington-square. I was opposite Richardson's show; I had seen the prisoner about an hour before- I was by the side of this lady, felt a push, and saw him snatch the reticule; some one said, "That was well done;"I saw it on her left arm before he took it; I saw him take it - he was standing up.
Q. Do not you remember the woman saying he was not the man, when you took him? A. No, I do not; the instant he snatched it her husband took hold of him, and was crying out for an officer, and in two or three minutes the officer came.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a City constable, I heard a call for a constable, and took the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURREY
               



            . I was in the fair, opposite the show - I saw the prosecutrix with her reticule, and saw the prisoner make the snatch. I caught hold of him, and was thrown down.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. You saw a hand? A. I saw the prisoner's hand, and saw him make the snatch. I was close by him.
MR. PRENDERGAST to MARY DONALD. Q. Do not you remember that you said he was not the man? A: I could not say so - I could not see his face, but my husband and those about said he was the man.
MR. PRENDERGAST called -


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I was at the fair on the night in question. I was passing, and saw this young man collared; I heard the woman repeatedly say that was not the man, four or five times.
Q. Is that all you heard? A. Yes. I live at No. 4, Mapes-street, Hare-street-fields. I do not know where the prisoner lives; I have seen him before, but have never been in his company.
COURT. Q. What are you? A. A weaver; I was pretty near the prisoner; I do not know how many people were there; I did not hear the complaint of the robbery; I believe she had been robbed - I did not hear that she had lost her reticule, nor that she had been robbed; I had seen the prisoner before - I saw him taken up; I do not know what became of his companions; I heard the woman say he was not the man; I was subpoenaed here - I do not know who by; I had no conversation with him after he was taken up - I cannot tell who subpoenaed me - the subpoena was brought to my house; I suppose the solicitor subpoenaed me.
Q. Will you swear that you heard that woman say, in Bartholomew fair, that that young man was not the man? A. Yes, Sir, I can.
MARY DONALD re-examined. Q. Did you ever say that was not the man? A. No. I could not; I saw the prisoner by the side of me; but I could not say he was the man who did it.
WILLIAM BENNS re-examined. I was present all the time, and heard all that was said; if she had said he was not the man, I must have heard it; I never saw this witness there to my knowledge; if this declaration had been made I must have heard it.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You say you were standing by him? A. Yes; I followed the lady and the prisoner down to the Compter; I had hold of the prisoner, and the lady was next to my left arm.
COURT. Q. Did you see from the first to the last of it? A. Yes; I went with the lady till she got to a place of safety, and if this passed I must have heard it.
WILLIAM BAKER re-examined. Q. Do you swear that the lady said the prisoner was not the man? A. Yes.
Q. And at the time? A. Yes; I do not know how I came to be subpoenaed - I received my subpoena on Sunday - I have got it with me; I was not sent for to attend the examination before the Magistrate; I have never spoken to the prisoner, not to my knowledge; I have seen him at different times; I never knew him in jeopardy before - I have never been in trouble myself; how I came to be subpoenaed was, I happened to tell a young woman who happened to be in company with him, and by that means they told the solicitor; I had seen that young woman in company with him before, five or six different times- I have spoken to her before.
Q. Did she keep company with him? A. I do not know, I am sure, Sir; not to my knowledge, I do not know that she keeps company with him - I have seen them together five or six different times, seven or eight weeks ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
The witness Baker was committed for wilful and corrupt perjury.
