





387. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 2 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Turner
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am single
. On the 8th of January I lived at Mr. Burrows', at the sign of the Strong Man, public-house, Lower East Smithfield


. I had put two shillings, and four sixpences into a drawer in my room; it was not locked; one of the sixpences was an old coin, which I had had six months, and can swear to - the prisoner had lodged at the house ten nights, and slept on the third floor; I missed my money, and mentioned it in his presence; he said he had not been in my room; the officer was sent for, and searched him; I was called in, and saw the two shillings and four sixpences on the table; one was the old coin sixpence.


                  STEVEN 
                  BURROWS
               



            . My father keeps this house. I saw the prisoner searched in the tap-room; he said he had no money; but it was found in his fob. Turner was called in and identified the sixpence.


                  FRANCES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I saw the prisoner in the prosecutrix's room, brushing his clothes, on the morning the money was missed; he stood near the drawers, and I heard some money chink, but did not see him take any.


                  JOHN 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I keep this house. My son's account is correct.


                  JAMES 
                  WITNEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched, and found this money on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
