





615. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WEBSTER, alias 
Eady, alias 
Hewett, alias 
Withnell





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, twenty yards of bombazeen, value 3 l. 15 s.; thirteen yards of crape, value 2 l. 12 s.; twenty-four yards of sarsnet, value 6 l. 16 s.; twenty-four yards printed cotton, value 3 l.; eight yards of lawn, value 1 l.; three pairs of stockings, value 27 s.; three yards of muslin, value 13 s., and three scarfs, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Bates 
                  Drew
               




            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM BATES DREW. I am a linen-draper
, and carry on business in Parliament-street, under the firm of Mann and Co. I had a customer of the name of Mrs. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Johnstone
               



            . On the 7th of February I was absent from town, but about twelve o'clock on the 8th, a letter was put into my hands; on the 11th another letter was put into my hands, and in consequence of some suspicion, I ordered my horse and chaise to be got ready at seven o'clock on the morning of the 12th, and went to Woodford-bridge, taking the parcel with me. Mrs. Johnson said she had not ordered it - I shewed her the letter, and she said she knew nothing of it. I then came back to town and went to Mr. Pedley's shop, No. 268, Holborn, where the parcel was directed to be left, and after waiting there till between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came there, and said she had no idea the parcel was so large,had she would get a coach - she then went away, and I saw no more of her till she was apprehended - I gave directions to follow her.


                  JESSE 
                  HALL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Drew. On the 7th of February I received this letter:
(The Letter was here read.)
Woodford, Feb. 7.
"Mrs. Edward Johnson will thank Messrs. Manas to send her, to her late residence in Gerrard-street, the under-mentioned mourning for her three nieces, who are just returned from France. She will be glad if they will not said sending the parcel, carefully packed up, as she is sending by ten o'clock to-morrow, and the servant will call and bring it down to Woodford. Let the articles be good. I send this by the post-boy, with orders to post it immediately, consequently there will be plenty of time to send them."
(Here followed a list of articles, see Indictment.)
JESSE HALL. I know Mrs. Johnson - she is a customer of ours - her late husband lived in Gerrard-street; when I received the letter I packed up the goods, directed it for Mrs. Johnson, and delivered it in Gerrard-street, to Thomas Byford; I asked who I was to leave the parcel with, and they directed me to leave it with him. Mr. Johnson had been a comptroller of the Twopenny post-office there; I was not at home when the second letter arrived - I had not seen the prisoner in the transaction, or given her any credit at all - the second parcel was made up according to this letter, and taken the next morning, by Mr. Drew, with a bill of parcels. The second letter is as follows.
(reads):
"Feb. 11, 1825.
"Mrs. Johnson received the parcel quite safe, and likes the scarfs very much; she will be glad if Mr. Mann will send her down as much gros de Naples and lining as will make two more pelisses, as the quantity sent is only sufficient for one; also ten yards of Welch flannel, and twenty-five yards of calico, at about 1 s. 3 d.; and a piece of diaper, small pattern, Be so good as to send them to-morrow to Mr. Pedley's, No. 268, High Holborn, two doors from the George and Blue Boar, directed to me, A friend of mine is coming down to spend a few days with me, and sets off from the above Inn, therefore I have requested her to call at Pedley's, and bring the parcel in the coach with her - pack it secure."


                  THOMAS 
                  BYFORD
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Musgrove
               



             - he is comptroller of the Twopenny post-office - I was in the same capacity to Mr. Johnson; I saw the prisoner on the 7th of February come to Gerrard-street - she asked if I would have the goodness to take a parcel in for Mrs. Johnson, which I did; she said she was going into the country in a few days, and she would call and take it with her - that it was to come from Mann and Co.'s in Parliament-street; the parcel was brought on the 8th of February, by Hall - I did not notice the direction - the prisoner called afterwards and asked if the parcel was come; I said it was, and gave it to her.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not recognize me as the niece of the late Mr. Johnson? A. I had never seen her before to my knowledge.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner at No. 3, Queen-street, Brompton; I enquired for her under several names, and was told she was not at house: but I went up stairs, and found her in as attic behind the door - I brought her down, and found there articles in a box in the room; these handkerchiefs are marked E. W. - I took her in the watch-house for the night, and in the morning I found in the room where she had been kept some bits of duplicates - she had been asked if she had any duplicates - she said so. I put the bills together as well as I could, and went to the pawnbroker's and found these scarfs and prints.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER PAGE
               



            . I am apprentice to Courtney and Page, of Lower Faton-street, pawnbrokers. These scarfs and prints were pawned by the prisoner in the name Ann Hewit.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Debenham, Queen's-row, Pimlico. On the 8th of February, a scarf was pawned by the prisoner, and another on the 10th - both in the name of Hewit.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Chaffers and Mills, pawnbrokers, Greek-street. A parcel of silk and lisha-zise was pawned by a woman in the name of Hewit - I do not know who brought them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Mrs. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a widow, and I live at Woodford - the prisoner is a relation of mine; this letter is not my writing, nor did I send such a letter to Messrs. Mann and Co.'s; I have dealt with Mr. Drew upwards of twenty years - I did not order any goods to be sent to Gerrard-street on the 7th of February; I had not seen the prisoner for several years, till I saw her at Bow-street.


                  MARY 
                  SELL
               



            . I am forewoman to Mr. Lewis, No. 23. Queen's-buildings, Brompton. The prisoner came to her home about the 10th of February, and asked if we could make up a dress, a pelisse, and a bonnet, by the following Tuesday - she said her name was Whithnell, No. 14, Yeoman's Row, Brompton.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in the habit ever since I lost my father at eleven years of age, of having my bill paid yearly at Mr. Mann's. After my marriage with Mr. Webster, I still continued to deal with them - we afterwards went to Ireland - when I returned I had some more goods of Mr. Mann, in consequence of the death of Mr. Johnson, as I wished to look as respectable as the rest of the family, by whom I had been forgotten. I had hoped that Mrs. Johnson would have enabled me pay the bill before it became due - I went to the house and ordered the print myself - I then went to Gerrard-street, and saw the porter; I enquired if the parcel was come, and he gave it me - I did not do it with intent to defraud Messrs. Mann.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
