





733. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ROBEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, 1 pair of boots, value 2s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Palmer
               




            .


                  RACHAEL 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am the wife of James Palmer - we live in Portland-town


, and keep a clothes' shop
. On the 15th of March I was ironing in the back parlour, when I heard a noise - I looked round and saw the prisoner go out of the shop - I went to the door and saw him with several boys - I could not perceive whether he had any thing in his hand, but I sent my daughter after him - I then missed these boots from my shop, which I had seen just before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I was in a garden by the fields, and heard the cry of Stop him; I saw the prisoner run across the garden and drop something - I followed him, but he was stopped before I got up to him - I then returned to see what he had dropped, and found these boots, which I took out of some water and gave the officer - I had never lost sight of him.


                  ANN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter - my mother told me the boots were gone - I ran and saw the prisoner with them in his hand - he was then walking, but when the cry of Stop thief! was raised he ran - I did not see him stopped, but I am quite sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. I have the boots which I received from Mr. Simpson - he brought the prisoner and three others to the office, but the others were discharged.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the Park and some boys gave me a penny to hold while they tossed up for it - the one who lost wanted me to give it - when I refused, and they pulled me about - I ran from them; when I was taken and charged with stealing these shoes - a person about my size, in a blue coat, had ran by me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
