






174. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GARDINER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 5 shilling, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Jeans
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  JEANS
               



            . I am single
, and keep a shop at Brentford


. On the 8th of November, I saw the prisoners in the house, after I heard the street-door open - it was nearly one o'clock; I was up stairs, and my brother was taking care of the shop - I heard him shut the door and go out quickly; I came down, the street-door was locked, and my brother had got the two prisoners in the room; he said they had robbed the shop - they said they had not; he sent for the constable, who found 5s. 6d., which was about the amount I had in my till - I had taken some money out, and I thought there was between 5s. and 6s. left, but when I came down stairs there was only 8d. in copper.


                  EDWARD 
                  JEANS
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's brother. On the 8th of November I was keeping the shop for her, and was in the back-parlour; there is a window looks into the shop - I saw the door gently open, which I knew before to be shut; I got up and saw Gardiner lying all across the counter - he had got the till out and was taking some money: I ran, shut the door, and heard him drop some silver into his pocket - the other prisoner was in the shop, outside the counter, but close to him; I locked the door and sent for the constable - when he came, I said if he would search Gardiner's right-hand breeches-pocket he would find the money, and he found 5s. 6d.
Prisoner GARDINER. I came in for a pennyworth of candy; you went round to the till, and said "I have lost half a crown and some more silver," but you did not know what. Witness. No, I locked the door, then looked into the till, and missed the money.


                  JOHN 
                  DICKENSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and found the two prisoners; I searched Gardiner, and found 5s. 6d. in silver in his right-hand breeches-pocket, and 3 1/2d. in his fob, one halfpenny in another pocket, and a knife - they both stated they came in for a halfpennyworth of candy; when I brought them out to take them to the cage, I asked where they came from - one said from the Mint, in the Borough, and the other from Gravel-lane in the Borough.
GARDINER'S Defence. I left my work to go with a young man to Maidenhead, and coming back I met the other prisoner - as we were coming to London, we went to buy a halfpenny-worth of candy; the man came into the shop and said he had lost the money.
GARDINER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
FITZGERALD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
