





1387. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     AARON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, a silver instrument, gilt with gold, and set with diamonds, and a ruby, called a pointer, or hand, value 30 l., and a silver chain, gilt with gold, value 40 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Ansell
                  




               
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to different persons.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  MOSES 
                  ANSELL
               



            . I am secretary
 at the synagogue, in Duke's-place


; the books of the law are kept in a place called the Ark - it is always locked, except during divine service, and the keys in my possession; the law is written on vellum, and read by a reader on all days of worship. The 27th of September was a Sabbath and festival, and on that day, the book of the law was taken out, and read; the hand or pointer in question, is kept in the ark - it is silver-gilt, set with diamonds, and has a silver-gilt chain to it - it is used to point, as the reader reads the law, to guide his eye - it was used that morning, and returned into the ark, by the reader, about twelve or one o'clock; and at five o'clock, I went to the synagogue, and missed it - it cost above seventy guineas.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am a bookbinder, and have known the prisoner a long time. On the 27th of September, in the evening, he came to me, and said he had got the pointer out of the synagogue. I was flurried at the moment, and did not know what to do - he did not produce it; he said, if I would buy it, he would sell it to me. I said I would have nothing to do with it, and the best thing he could do would be to return it to his father, and have it returned to the committee; he said he wanted money, and wished to dispose of it. I thought I had better consult my father, and went to the synagogue to him - he came home. I told him of it, and he went away. The prisoner took the pointer out of his bosom at a public-house. where I saw him, and shewed it to me for a moment - it was round his neck; he opened his waistcoat, and took it out, and put it in again. I was urging him to take it back; my father then came to the public-house, and said as nobody was at home, he wished us to come and sit with him - we went; the prisoner's father and brother were concealed in the kitchen, ready to take him.


                  LEWIS 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am father to the last witness. In consequence of what my son said, I desired him to take the prisoner to the public-house, and keep him there. I got his father to my house, then fetched him, and they took him home. I did not see the pointer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I am an officer of St. James's, Duke's-place, where this synagogue is; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house to me - the pointer was produced at the watch-house; he said voluntarily at the watch-house, that he stole it, that he unhooked it, and did it no damage, and that he offered it for sale to Barnett.


                  LEWIS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am beadle of the synagogue. I believe I saw the prisoner in the synagogue, on the 27th of September; I took him into custody, at ten o'clock at night, in bed, at his father's, and took him to the watch-house. I saw him next day in the lock-up room of the Mansion-house; he said he secreted himself in a cupboard under the staircase, at the further end of the synagogue, and staid there an hour after service, then went to the ark with a key, which was left in some other place, and opened the door with it, and took the pointer out - that the bells and other ornaments made such a noise, he was afraid to take any more, and he got out when they opened the ladies' gallery.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
