





Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
695. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HATCHETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 5 live tame geese, price 20s.; 7 live tame ducks, price 10s., and 8 live tame fowls, price 8s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Broad
               




            .
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am servant to Charles Broad, of Hornsey


. On the 28th of January all his poultry was safe, and on the next morning I missed them; the place was broken open, the dog loosened, and put into an out-house, and fastened in - the prisoner worked for Mr. Broad at times - I gave an alarm and found the poultry at the watch-house; five ducks had escaped and were swimming about.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchman of Hornsey. On Monday night, the 28th of January, I had just called half-past eleven o'clock, and met Hall; I had seen the prisoner; he passed us, and said,
"There you are watchman; "I said Yes - he had not got far before a patrol gave an alarm that some men had run from a field; we went towards the field; the prisoner passed us again; I knew him; he was going towards home - we went on to the field, and there I found two geese, two ducks, and a fowl in a ditch - they were dead; the fowl's head was cut off; the geese and ducks necks were broken; they were quite warm - the clock had not struck twelve when we found them.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I was with Davis and found the poultry; we took it to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and apprehended the prisoner on the 29th of January; I had been to Mr. Broad's premises and saw some footsteps, which I compared with the prisoner's shoes; they fitted exactly, in size, the number of nails, and the size of the heads of the nails - I traced them from the hen-house to a moat, and then out of the premises into a field, which leads to the road: the prisoner's breeches had a great deal of blood on them, which appeared quite fresh, and some mud was put over it to hide it - a large piece was taken out of the front of his breeches, and only the lining left. He at first said the blood came from his nose bleeding, and afterwards from kiling a pig.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a headborough, and live behind the Coach and Horses public-house, at Holloway. The prisoner's mother has a room at my house, and since he has been out of work, she has let him lodge there, as he could not pay his lodgings. On the night of the 28th of January, I heard him come home; I was in bed: I awoke and heard the watchmen call twelve o'clock directly after I heard him come in - I was sure it was him; he came to the window and called mother twice; his mother or sister went down softly and let him in; I heard him go up stairs rather heavily; I thought there were two or three people, and next morning early, Mr. Broad's servant came in a chaise and said they had lost the fowls - I took the prisoner's shoes and compared them with the marks; they corresponded exactly: it is a new made orchard, which is very clayey - we traced them mark for mark, and nail for nail; I saw the prisoner at the watch-house, and noticed his breeches, with a piece cut out in front, and more spots of blood below.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAFTON
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house: I assisted in comparing the shoes; they corresponded exactly with the marks - here are the shoes; I particularly observed this place; there is a nail out. Three geese, five fowls, and the rest of the duckes were found in a bag on the premises - the prisoner said at first, that the blood on his breeches was caused by fighting; and afterwards that he had been killing a pig. There must have been a good deal of blood on the person who did it, as the heads had been pulled off, and cut off.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am a headborough. I assisted in taking the prisoner, and, as I was taking him to prison, he said "I have been drawn into this innocently, as I was into the other." I had not asked him any questions.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at Mr. Gregson's, Hornsey-road, at the time of the robbery; I had to do a tree whichhad fallen down; the spade caught my breeches and tore them down: after work, I went to a public-house, and left it about ten o'clock at night; when I came out, a woman asked me if there was a stage to town; I said No, but I would see her to Holloway; when we got there, she said she was going to Bishopsgate-street, and, it being late, I walked with her; she satisfied me for my trouble.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I live at Johnson's, where the prisoner's mother lodges; I am sure he was at home before the clock struck twelve on this night; I do not know how long before; I did not see him, but heard his sister let him in - I had been asleep: I went to bed about ten o'clock; my little dog made a noise when he came in; the prisoner made a noise, and I thought seemed tipsy - the clock struck twelve, when he was in his room.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . My house is about half a mile from Hornsey.
Prisoner. They might take my shoes and make the marks with them - the officer has a spite against me.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I did no such thing; we took particular notice of the marks, before we put the shoes down; there were other footsteps smaller, and without nails.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . The breeches appeared to be cut, and not torn down, it is a square place.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
