





1378. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, a watch, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Duffin
                        



                     
                  ; two shirts, value 6 s., and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Zachariah 
                     Styles
                  



               
            .


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  STYLES
               



            . I live at Stanmore


. I lost a watch belonging to 
               
                  William 
                  Duffin
               



            , and a handkerchief, and two shirts of my own.


                  ANN 
                  STYLES
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. The shirts and handkerchief were hanging up in my kitchen at a quarter before two o'clock, when I went to bed - the doors were not locked because the prisoner who lodged with us, was not come in; he had been with me about seven weeks. About three o'clock, Duffin called out that the black was robbing the house. I found his cap in Duffin's room; he got away, but was taken on the Friday following; he had never returned to my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUFFIN
               



            . My watch was stolen on the same night - it had been in a basket by the side of my bed. I have never seen it since. I found the prisoner in my room, and in struggling, I caught him by the hair of his head; I am sure it was him, and no other. I gave the alarm, but he got away, and never came back - he had said that my watch was of no use to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I and the landlord were drinking together on the night before, and I found myself in a gutter next morning, without a watch or a shoe on my foot; I have said of Duffin's watch, what use was it, when it, did not go right, for us to go to work in the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
