





707. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MILLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, a watch, value 2 l.; a chain, value 1 s.; a seal, value 6 s.; and a key, value 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Higginbotham
               




            .
THOMAS HIGGINBOTHAM. I am a silk throwster
, and live in Castle-street, Shoreditch. On the 12th of March, about half-past nine o'clock, as I was passing the end of White Lion-street, I saw the prisoner coming up there, he was quite a stranger; he overtook me in Norton Falgate


, - I was very weak in consequence of a fever I had had - he said to me
"Young man, I think you will fall" - he asked if I was going that way? I said Yes, he offered to assist me, and took hold of my arm - we went on till we came opposite the Magpie, and he wanted me to go in and have something to drink - I would not - but I said if he would go further, I would not mind having part of a pint of beer with him for his kindness; when we got near a cook's shop, I pulled my watch out and it was ten minutes past nine o'clock; when we got past the cook's shop, he pulled me by the arm, and wanted me to go and have some supper; I said I would not, as I did not find myself hungry - he said I had better, and then drew my watch out of my pocket without my consent - or knowing anything about it until I felt it; he then went off the flags - I could not pursue him from weakness, but I called, Stop thief! he turned towards Norton Falgate, but was pursued and taken in about ten minutes; I saw the watch again that night; I suppose he was in my company about ten minutes - I am positive he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  BOISON
               



            . I am a silk weaver, and live in Rose-street, Spitalfields. On the 12th of March, about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, I was going into the cook's shop in Shoreditch, and saw the prisoner with his hand on the prosecutor's shoulder, asking him to go in; they were both strangers to me - when I came out again, I heard the prosecutor crying, Stop thief! the prisoner was going across the road - the prosecutor appeared very weak, and was forced to be led home by myself and another man from the watch-house - I pursued the prisoner, and never lost sight of him; I was the first person who laid hold of him; the watch was thrown down in Shoreditch - I saw it brought to the watch-house; it was not more than a minute and a half from the time I saw the prisoner with his hand on the prosecutor's shoulder till I saw him running away - when I stopped him he said,
"By God, I am innocent! I am innocent! I am done! I am done!"


                  RACHAEL 
                  LESAR
               



            . I live in Castle-street, at the back of Shoreditch Church, and am a winder. I was standing at the corner of Holywell Lane, and this watch was thrown at my feet - I do not know by whom. I heard the cry of Stop thief! at the same time, and saw persons running - but could not distinguish who they were; I sent an acquaintance, who was with me, to the watch-house for on officer, and gave the watch to him; the prosecutor claimed it as his, at the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a constable. I received the watch from Lesar - it was claimed by Higginbotham. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran out of the watch-house, and came up with the prisoner and Boison, who had got hold of him; some person in the crowd said,
"That is he," and I took charge of him directly. As soon as Higginbotham came he charged him with having stolen his watch. While we were there some person said a woman had found the watch; I went to the corner of Holywell-lane, and got it. When I collared the prisoner he said,
"I am innocent;" I said,
"Why did you run?" he said,
"I did not run;" I said,
"You are now out of breath" - he then said,
"Oh! Lord! I am done, I am done."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. About half-past seven o'clock that night I left work, and went to a public-house, after being up all Friday night - I staid there a few minutes, and when I came out, by Church-street, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran, and this witness came up, and said
"You are the man who has stolen the watch," but I am quite innocent.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
