





1257. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of August
, a coat, value 3 l.; a pair of trowers, value 1 l.. and a handkerchief, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Neil
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEIL
               



            . I live in Starr-street, Edgware-road


, and am a labourer
. On the 23rd of August, these things were in my room. I saw them safe about four o'clock in the afternoon, when I went out. I returned about six, and they were gone out of my box, which was locked. I found it unlocked. The prisoner was brought about six o'clock with them; he was a stranger; it is an unfinished house; we were working there.


                  EDWARD 
                  NEIL
               



            . I am a labourer. I was at work in a field. Maddox hallooed to me, and said the prisoner had stolen some of my clothes. I pursued and stopped him - my brother's things were picked up in a field; he was charged with stealing them, and begged for mercy. I stopped him a quarter of a mile from this house.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not stop voluntarily - A. I said,
"It is no use to run; I shall catch you, and then he stopped."


                  PATRICK 
                  MADDOX
               



            . I was at work near this house, and saw the skirt of the prisoner's coat going up stairs. I went round to the front of the house and stopped until he came out with a bundle. He said,
"Well, my man, is Mr.Gardner here?" I said, No; but he would be in a few minutes. He said,
"Tell your master a man over at the Star and Garter, public-house, wants to see him." Instead of going to the Star and Garter, he returned into the fields, and looked back to see if he was watched. It struck me directly that he was a thief, and I went after him. When I got near, he dropped the bundle, which contained Neil's clothes. I saw him stopped. Neil said he had stolen a waistcoat which he had lost before. He said,
"Oh! forgive me, and I will make it good."


                  GEORGE 
                  HANSON
               



            . I received him in charge, and found a skeleton key in the sleeve of his coat. It opened the room from which the things were stolen. He claimed the handkerchief they were wrapped in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
