







414. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUMPHREYS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FREARSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, ten bushels of flour, value 5 l., and two sacks, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stanbrough
                  




               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STANBROUGH
               



            . I keep the flour mills
, at Isleworth


, and employ a great number of men. Humphreys was my flour dresser
, 
               Robinson
             the waggoner
, and Frearson keeps a little shop
 at Brentford. On the 29th of January, I had an order for twenty sacks of flour for Mr. Hawkes, a baker. I had told Robinson, the day before, that he was to go, and ordered Humphreys to deliver them to him; a quarter of barley meal was also to go to Mrs. Day, at Hammersmith. I told him that there were twenty-three sacks in the mill, and to take twenty from them. Humphreys took the sacks, and Robinson received them into the waggon. I stood near the waggon, and was too and fro; we always pitch the sacks on an end, and can then tell by looking at the waggon the exact number in in the waggon; I counted seven on each side, and six in the middle, which made twenty. I went to the tail of the waggon, and found they had put a quarter of pollard in instead of barley meal; while he was gone to put it back, I looked under the tarpauling, and found a sack of flour, laid across the head of the waggon, covered with loose hay and a cloth; I covered it over, and got down. Robinson came and put the barley meal in, and came to me in the counting-house for a delivery note. I said,
"Now, John, what have you got?" he said,
"I have got twenty sacks of flour for Hawkes, and a quarter of barley meal for Mrs. Day." He then took the team, and went off. I followed him in my chaise, and passed the waggon at Hammersmith. I called on Gammon, at Turnham-green, and informed him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. They were to take twenty sacks from twenty-three - A. Yes. There was nothing the matter with the tail-board.
MR. ALLEY. Q. I believe the three sacks remained in the lost, therefore the sacks in question must have come from another part of the mill - A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  GAMMON
               



            . I am high constable of Kensington. On the 29th of January, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor called on me. I first saw the waggon on the road, about the five mile stone. I could perceive twenty sacks of flour in the waggon, but I could not see what was under the tarpauling. I let him pass' and followed him to Mr. Hawkes's, at Kensington; he backed the waggon under a gateway. I told Edgson, who was with me, to look at the front of the waggon, while I went into Mr. Bird's, the adjoining house, where I could observe what passed under the gateway. I saw Robinson take ten sacks in, and a man who assisted him, took eight; Robinson then got up into the waggon, before the waggon was drawn from under the gateway. I saw two other sacks laying across the front of the waggon, under the tarpauling; he moved these two sacks into the middle of the waggon, then he took a great coat, opened it, and laid it over them, and put the tarpauling over that. The two sacks of barley-meal remained where they where, and the other two sacks which stood upright were taken into Hawkes's. The horses were put too; I followed the waggon to Mrs. Day's, and saw the barley-meal delivered, and twenty or thirty empty sacks were put into the waggon for Mr. Stanbrough; the two sacks of flower still remained under the tarpauling, he then turned his horses round, got in, and the prisoner Frearson got in with him, and they drove away.
Q. Before that, had you seen Frearson with a bundle. - A. Yes, at Hammersmith, he threw a bundle into the waggon, it was large enough to contain two sacks, they were tied up in a handkerchief. They then drove about twenty yards from Mrs. Day's, they then stop a shorttime, and Robinson lifted one of the sacks from under the tarpauling, upright, untied the mouth, and Frearson held an empty sack, while Robinson shot part of the full sack into it; they were then laid down on the bottom of the waggon, but not under the tarpauling. Instead of going into the regular road, they turned to the left, into a bye lane, where the waggon stopped again; Frearson held up another sack, while Robinson shot some of the flour into it, he quite emptied it; it was put down among the other empty sacks. Frearson tied one of the sacks up, and the other was only twisted round. The waggon went on to the Coach and Horses, public-house, at Hammersmith. Robinson got out, and then Frearson went into the house; he got into the waggon again, and pulled the tarpauling over the flour, and got out again. I believe they saw me there. Frearson got off, and I did not see him again for two days. There were several people about, and being well known about there, I left. The waggon and Robinson went on. I followed him to Mr. Stanbrough's yard. He drew the waggon into the yard, and called out
"Humphreys take this flour out of the waggon," (it was then in three sacks.) I said,
"No, no, that flour must not be moved till either Mr. Stanbrough, or some of his family come to see the sacks it is brought home in." I asked Robinson, whether Mr. Stanbrough sent out skotches of flour in that way (meaning parts of sacks) he said,
"he had taken two sacks of flour by mistake, he had got two more than he knew of." I asked why he did not bring it home in the manner he took it out, he said,
"The sack had burst." I asked, why he and the man that was in the waggon, did not put it into one of Mr. Stanbrough's sacks, as he had twenty or thirty there; he made no answer to that. These two sacks were corn, and not flour sacks, and marked T. F. Mrs. Stanbrough came out and saw the flour. I saw it moved into the dwelling-house. Robinson was taken into custody that night, when Mr. Stanbrough came home, and Frearson was taken on the 1st of February. He keeps a chandler shop at Brentford. I took him myself, at twelve o'clock in the day. I told him I had a warrant to search his house. I found two sacks in his shop, and part of another, marked T. F, the same initials as those in the waggon. In the kitchen, I found two sacks and a half of barley, with the same initials; and in his bed-room, seven sacks of flour, with the same initials: none of them tied up. He said he could prove where he got them. I took him into custody. He said,
"Let me go up stairs, to put on more clothes." He did so, and when I first saw him, he had the same jacket on which he wore in the waggon. I told him so; he said,
"I seemed to have a fancy for it, he knew nothing of the waggon, he was not there," and when he was before the Magistrate, (what he said, was not taken down) he said, he got up into the waggon to ride, being tired - this was after I had sworn he was there. As I took him to Newgate, he said, he expected some more would go with him, he little thought of going by himself. I produce the sacks, the flour was emptied into. When the waggon got home I found no bundle in it. Frearson took nothing away with him.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDGSON
               



            . I am a constable. I saw Frearson in the waggon.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I only received twenty sacks of flour that day.


                  JOHN 
                  DAY
               



            . My mother lives at Hammersmith. The barley-meal was delivered, and we returned all the empty sacks we had. They were all marked with Mr. Stanbrough's name.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
HUMPHREYS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FREARSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
