






1627. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  WILKINSON
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  ADAMS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 2 pictures, framed, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smart
               




            .
THOMAS SMART. I am a carver and gilder
, and live in Greek-street, Soho


. I lost two pictures on the 12th of September; I went out on business at seven o'clock that evening, and when I returned, in an hour and a half, they were missing - they were safe when I went out.


                  SIMON 
                  SOLOMAN ZILVER
               



            . I was opposite Mr. Smart's shop on the evening of the 12th of September; I saw Adams walking about, and I noticed her; I then saw Wilkinson at the corner of Mr. Smart's door - he took the pictures, and ran with them into Bateman's-buildings, with Adams; they went together. I heard in about two minutes that they were stolen, and ran with others through Greek-street, to Soho-square, and then to Dean-street; I then saw the prisoners opposite, and we went and took hold of them - I said, "Where are the pictures?" Wilkinson said, "I do not know any thing about them;" Adams said, "I did not take them." We then took them to the watch-house; I had not seen them together before; she was standing in the street when he went to the shop - she did not see him take them, but she joined him the moment he had got them; they only walked to the corner of Bateman's-buildings, and then I saw them in Dean-street.


                  JOHN 
                  PRATER
               



            . The prisoners were brought to me at the watch-house.
WILKINSON'S Defence. I was coming down Dean-street, that gentleman came and took hold of me, and said I had stolen pictures; I said I had not, and would go with him any where. As to this girl I know nothing of her.
ADAMS' Defence. I never saw this young man before- I am innocent.
WILKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ADAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
