





1337. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MORLAND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 20s.; 1 petticoat, value 6s.; 2 frocks, value 6s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 other petticoat, value 1s., and 1 shawl, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jennings
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  SOPHIA JENNINGS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Jennings. On the 6th of May I saw this property safe in a box in my room about eight o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner at the bottom of the court at ten - I saw him again in my room at half-past eleven o'clock, getting out of my window; I was going into my room, and he pushed against the door - I waited some time, and saw him go from behind the door and stand in the middle of the room- I cried out, "Lord have mercy upon me;" Stephens came from the water-closet, and the prisoner made his way out at the window; I went in and shut the window, put the fastenings on it, and sent Stephens to tell my husband; I went and fetched Mr. Worrall to go into my room with me; I found my trunk broken open, and the articles stated taken from it; I saw the prisoner in about three hours.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I was at Mr. Jennings'; I saw the prisoner climbing up at the window; I did not see whether he got out - I went to call Mr. Jennings.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer. - I went to the house, and missed the things from the trunk in the lower room; I found this chisel just inside the door - we looked round, and found all the articles in this sack behind the door.


                  GEORGE 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I heard of the robbery, and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was an out-patient of St. Bartholomew-hospital; I went and got some pills there the day I was taken; I then went to Mrs. Elbury's and staid there from eleven o'clock in the morning till two in the afternoon; I then went to a public-house, and had a pint of half and half - Godfrey came in and said I was his prisoner - I went to Guildhall, and the woman first swore to 
               
                  David 
                  Sullivan
               



            ; she then described me, and swore to me.
G. H. WORRALL. She said there was another person with him named Sullivan.
JOHN STEVENS. I did not see any other person.


                  MARIA 
                  ELBURY
               



            . I keep a green-grocer's shop at No. 15, Peter-street. I have known the prisoner about eight months - he lived in an up stairs room of mine about eight months ago; he has borne a good character. On the day he was taken up, he came to my house to ask me if the landlord had a room to let; I said Yes, and he said he would wait for the landlord; he waited from ten minutes past eleven o'clock till near two, and then went away, and I never saw him any more; I do not know what day of the week it was, but it was the beginning of May, about the 5th or 6th - I am quite sure it was the day he was taken up, because his father came the day after, to ask me if he had taken a room in the house - I am quite certain he did not move from the step of my door till two o'clock that day.
JURY to A. S. JENNINGS. Q. What time did you see him in the court where you live? A. From ten o'clock till past eleven; I keep a stand in the court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
