






1076. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, one box, value 2 s. 6 d.; eight yards of silk, value 2 l.; one poplin dress, value 2 l.; one sarsnet dress, value 1 l. 1 s.; three lace frills, value 12 s.; two petticoats, value 8 s.; two pair of stockings, value 4 s.; one work-box, value 25 s.; one pearl ring, set in gold, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d.; one garnet ring, set in gold, value 5 s.; one gold ring, value 4 s.; one gold pin, value 8 s.; one garnet necklace, value 8 s.; one neck-chain, value 1 l.; one coral necklace, value 6 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 16 s.; one silver brooch, value 5 s., and two printed bound books, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Robinson
                        



                     
                  , and one hat, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Street
                     



                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STREET
               



            . I am servant
 to White and Greenwell, linen-drapers, of Blackfriars-road. On the 5th of September, in the evening, about half-past seven o'clock, I brought a box from Islington, and was going to take it to the Belle Sauvage, directed for "Miss Robinson, Farnham, passenger." In passing through Smithfield


, about eight o'clock, about the middle (it was the fair), I was suddenly met and surrounded by a gang; they first took my watch from my fob, but being fastened to the button, they could not get it away, though they held it some minutes. I had also a small basket in my hand, which was beat out of my hand, and my hat was beaten from my head and trod under foot; while I was pushed by the crowd and shoved about, some person took the box from my shoulder, and the gang then dispersed - I could not distinguish any of them. I saw it next day at Hatton-garden - it had not been opened, the prisoner was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. JESSOP. Q. How came you to go through the fair - A. It was the nearest way. I did not receive any blows.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the fair, and saw the prisoner there that evening - I did not know him before. I went into the fair, and returning towards Pentonville, I saw him in company with several others, passing by me in St. John-street; one of the party mentioned my name, I looked round, and saw the prisoner had a box on his shoulder. I pursued him, as he walked much faster after my name was mentioned, and the others closed round him - there was seven in company with him. I got Rule to assist; I attempted to seize the prisoner, and he threw the box at me - it fell on my foot. I followed him, and left the box for Rule to see to - he ran very fast, but I secured him without losing sight of him - the box was directed, "
               
                  Ann 
                  Robinson
               



            , Passenger."
Cross-examined. Q. How could you notice him in the face - A. I saw him half an hour before this happened, with several suspicious characters - he was looking about pretty sharp. He turned round, and threw the box at me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RULE
               



            . I was with Cadby at the fair; on coming out we saw the prisoner about a hundred yards from Smithfield, with the box on his shoulder, in company with six or seven others; we pursued him - I saw him throw the box down, and run away; I took care of it, and Cadby pursued, and took him about fifty yards off.
MISS 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN ROBINSON
               



            . I live at Farnham. On 5th of September I was at Islington - I had packed up my box to go to the Belle Sauvage, as I was going the next day - it was directed, "Miss Robinson, Passenger." It contained the articles stated in the indictment; and was given to Street to take to the inn. I saw it the next day at Hatton Garden Office.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you a father - A. Yes; I am not twenty-years old. My parents bought most of the things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge with the property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the fair, there was a crowd round this box, enquiring whom it belonged to; I picked it up, and was taking it to the watch-house, several people came round, and said the officers were after me, and I had better drop it, which I did, and then ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
