





764. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 1 stock,value 1s., and 1 book, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Neale
                  



               
            .
2d COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edwin 
                     Neale
                  



               
             and others.
3d COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jemima Mary Ann 
                     Neale
                  



               
             and others.
4th COUNT, stating them to be the goods of a person or persons unknown.


                  ANN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I was cook to the late Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Neale
               



            ; he dined at home, and went out; he returned, and went out again; he returned home about half-past one o'clock in the morning - I do not know the day of the month, it was the morning on which he was found dead - he was accompanied by the prisoner; my master was not in a state of considerable intoxication - he and the prisoner afterwards took some port wine in the parlour; I brought some cold meat for the prisoner to eat; after some time it was proposed that he should go to bed - an attempt was made to get him up: the prisoner assisted to lead him; he and the prisoner fell down, and it was arranged that he should sleep on the floor of the room - I brought down some bed clothes, put a pillow under his head, and made preparations for the prisoner to sleep on the floor also; I left the parlour between two and three o'clock - there was no male person in the house except Dr. Dennis; I and the rest of the family went down into the kitchen - we determined to remain up all night; while I was leaving the room the prisoner asked me "At what hour;" I understood him to mean at what time I would call him, and it was agreed that I should call him at seven o'clock or a little after: while we were in the kitchen I heard a noise, as if a person had raised himself, or was going to get up - I went into the parlour at seven o'clock in the morning, and observed that the street door was unbarred; I know it was barred the night before, and the lodgers were in bed - I went to the parlour, and found that wide open; my master was lying in the middle of the floor, on his back, about a yard and a half farther into the middle of the room than I had left him, and he was not on the same pillow on which I had left him - he took snuff, and the pillow I had put his head on the night before was stained with snuff, from the former nights, and the one I found him on was not so - he had laid down in his clothes, but on uncovering him I found his clothes were taken from him, and carried away; his coat, waistcoat, hat, and stock had been taken away - I found him dead; I saw the prisoner next morning, and have no doubt of his being the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YARRLNGTON
               



            . I am waiter at the Cock and Lion public-house, Wigmore-street. I know the prisoner- I saw him at our house on the 25th of March, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning; he came in, and had a coat on his arm, and a hat doubled up in his grenadier's cap; he produced two bottles out of his pocket, one full of wine and the other half full; he sat down, and called for half a gill of vinegar, which he drank - he then got up, pulled his regimentals off, put on the coat, hat, and stock, and left his regimentals in my care, promising me that he would be back by ten o'clock for them; he went out at half-past eight, and did not come back - I found him next morning in custody; I took his regimentals to the watch-house, and gave them to the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was he drunk? A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer of High-street Police-office. I have a coat, waistcoat, stock, hat, a pair of gloves, and a handkerchief, which I took off the prisoner, on the Wednesday night, when I found him in the Birdcagewalk barracks; I went to apprehend him in consequence of Mr. Neale's death - he was confined in the guard-house- I called him by name, and began to pull these clothes off; he asked what I was going to do - I said to take him back to the barracks; he was a little in liquor, and resisted the clothes being taken off; one of the serjeants said he was in the civil power, and must submit: he then said,"Then I am a lost ruined young man;" I said, "Youngman, do you recollect going home with a gentleman last night?" he hesitated, and said, "No. I went home with no gentleman;" he said he was with three girls in Oxford-street: when I got him to the office I said I took him for the murder of a Mr. Neale last night - he said, "Good God, I murdered no gentleman last night - I can prove where I was;" in the morning he asked me if the gentleman was dead - I said he was; he asked if the Inquest had sat - I said it had not, and told him he had better say nothing about it.
Cross-examined. Q. At what time did you take him? A. About nine o'clock in the morning - he was not sober.


                  JANE 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am the cousin of Mr. Neale. I remember his coming home on the night in question, accompanied by the prisoner; I endeavoured to convey him to bed,but finding it impossible, arrangements were made for his lying down in the dining-room - he laid down in his clothes; Norris alarmed me in the morning - he was found dead, and his clothes gone; I know all these to have been his clothes.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he a married man? A. Yes- his widow is now living; he has two brothers and a child; I believe he made no will - I do not know whether any one has administered - Mrs. Neale was not at home at the time.
COURT. Q. Is her name 
               
                  Jemima 
                  Mary Ann
               



            ? A. Yes, my Lord; these clothes were all his.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman and I were left together about two o'clock; after resting some time he awoke from his sleep, and awoke me also, about four o'clock in the morning, I suppose; he got up, and asked if I had been absent from my barracks - I said Yes, for two days and two nights; he said, "Do you mean to go back?" I said I did not know; he said, "If you take my advice you will never go back again - you will get severely punished - I will give you these clothes; make the best of your way out of the country, and never come back again." I am as innocent of this charge as of the last.



               GUILTY
             (on the 4th Count). Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See page 346.)
Before Mr. Justice Park.
