







1181. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FRANKHAM
               




            , 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  HALLS
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SQUIRES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, a certain fixture, that is to say, a copper, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Howlett
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            ; against the Statute.


                  SARAH 
                  HOWLETT
               



            . I am the wife of Henry Howlett - we live at Chelsea


. I saw our copper fixed safe in our wash-house at eleven o'clock at night, on the 14th of April; my daughter went down about twelve - she came up again, and said it was broken down and taken away - I went and found it so; the wash-house door, which goes into the garden, was not locked; the copper was shown to me again at Queen-square - I have no doubt it was mine; it was fitted to the place, and corresponded exactly; the prisoners were not employed about the premises.


                  EDWARD 
                  WARMAN
               



            . I am a cooper. On the morning of the 15th of April, about five o'clock, I saw the three prisoners in the garden ground of Mr. Oakham - I told them they had better be off; I walked on about twenty yards - two of them disappeared, and I saw the third, which was Halls, putting something under the hedge; I looked, and perceived it was a copper - I went to him, and said I should take him; I called to a man who was passing, but he would not come - I jumped over the hedge to take the copper; Halls got away - I did not pursue him because I had some goods of my own, which I was afraid of losing; I took the copper home, and soon after I met the prosecutor's son and told him of it - he said, "If it is my mother's copper there is a little hole stopped up with putty" - which is the case.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BROWN
               



            . On the morning in question I was in the Fulham-road, about one hundred yards from the new church - I saw Squires and Frankham going from the church, and Halls running up the garden; I then saw Warman at the bottom of the garden.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . - I am a patrol. I took up the three prisoners in consequence of information.(Property produced and sworn to.)
FRANKHAM's Defence. I was not there, and know nothing about it.
HALLS' Defence. I was going by the garden and saw something - I went and saw it was a copper; the witness came running, and said, "Here comes Mr. Oakham" - I said, "I dare say it is his," and I had better put it back again; he said, "No, give it me;" I gave it him, and he said, "I will have you taken up" - I then ran away.
SQUIRE's Defence. I was going to work; I was rather late and went fast.
FRANKHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SQUIRES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
