





1186. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOLLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, one stove-grate, value 8 s.; one lock, value 2 s.; four brass-handles, value 1 s., and three keys, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Colin 
                     Forbes
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Forbes
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Leman
                  



               
            ,


                  ANN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I live in Devonshire-street, Globe-fields. I do not know whether my husband is living, I have not seen him for fourteen years. I have a house No. 11, Dog-row, Bethnal-green


. On the 31st of August, the prisoner came in company with another man to look at it; he agreed to take it, and if I would wait two hours they would bring me 5 l. as a deposit. This property was all fixed, except the three keys. They did not return - I went next, day all was right then. On Saturday morning, in consequence of information, I went to the house, and missed all the fixtures and three keys. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Leman
               



             was my trustee for the house.


                  ELIZA 
                  VICKERS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Forbes. I shewed the prisoner the house, the things were all safe then and on the next day. On Saturday I missed the keys and fixtures.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WIGGETT
               



            . I am a sail-maker, and live in Dog-row. I was going up Dog-row, between five and six o'clock in the morning, and saw a quantity of people round the door of Forbes's house. I stopped, saw the door open, and in a few minutes the prisoner came out; I caught her in my arms, and held her until the officer came - she struggled to get away. I went into the house, and found the stove unfixed. Twenty-five shillings and four screws were found upon her, but no keys.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I live in Dog-row. I was called up, and took her into custody; I found nobody else there, although the door was shut by a person inside when she came out. I found the stove in the passage, and four screws upon her, three of which fitted a door which had a lock taken off.
Prisoner's Defence. A person left a direction with my sister, for me to go to the house to work. A man brought me in, and told me to clean a room out; as there was no pail there, I went to fetch mine, and was stopped at the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
