






1033. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  TURNER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  NORRIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, 1 coat, value 1l., and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Sharpe
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I live in Long-alley. On the morning of the 20th of April I was at the corner of Worship-street


, and saw the two prisoners, in company with another person, pass Mr. Sharpe's shop; Norris took hold of the coat, and gave it a pull, but could not get it down - they then walked on, and came back; the other then gave it a pull; they then passed on. I saw the officers on the other side of the way, and went and told them; I stood on the other side, and saw the three persons come back - Turner took hold of the coat, and got it down - they walked some distance up Worship-street, and then set off running.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I watched the prisoners - they had another person with them. I saw them come by the shop - Turner got the coat down; Norris was close by his side - they walked down Worship-street, and then ran - I followed, and took them - I saw the coat dropped.


                  JAMES 
                  HACKWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoners and another person - I saw Norris take hold of the coat, but he did not get it - they then pulled it again, and got it down, but I cannot say which of them got it - they walked away with it.
TURNER's Defence. I was going to Worship-street for my master, Mr. Prudence of Thames-street, and saw three lads going along with the coat, which they dropped - I took it up, and was taken.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
