





274. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, three sheets, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas William 
                     Kilsby
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  KILSBY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  W. Kilsby
               



            , of King's-row, Chelsea


. These sheets hung in the yard to dry - it is fenced by a railing six feet high. I missed them about eight o'clock on the 30th of December; they were safe five minutes before. I saw them again on the 1st of January, when the prisoner was in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was coming from Little Chelsea, with my waggon - I drive for Mr. Beach. I saw the prisoner about half a mile from Kilsby's, he passed me about nine o'clock in the morning of the 1st of January; with a sack on his shoulder; he went into an empty house, and threw the bag down the area. I informed 
               Davis
             the constable, went with him, and found him there; we secured him. The sheets were in a bag under the stairs, in the lower part of the house; nobody but him was in the house.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Brown gave me information. I went, and found the prisoner in the house, and the sheets under the stairs; he said he knew nothing of them. I asked him what he had done with the sack, he said he knew nothing of it, that he had been lodging in the house, and taking a nap. I asked who else was in the house; he said nobody, and under the back kitchen stairs, I found a sack containing the sheets.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Parson's-green, and passing the empty house, I saw a handkerchief in the area. I got down, and found the bag there. - I took them up, carried the bag some way, and on looking into it, I found some linen, thought it might bring me into trouble and carried them back, went up stairs to see if I could find any body, and the officer came.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
