





1207. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WALDRON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Arnold
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brown
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  ANN ARNOLD
               



            . I am daughter to 
               
                  John 
                  Arnold
               



            , and live in Clark-street. I was by the Vinegar-yard, City-road


, with 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



             in my arms, about nine o'clock in the evening; he had a handkerchief round his neck tied with two knots - a person spoke to me, I turned round and missed the handkerchief from the child's neck, and saw the prisoner in custody with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAPP
               



            . I am a clerk to a coal-merchant. I was passing, and saw Arnold with the child in her arms; and saw the prisoner untie the child's handkerchief and gradually take it off its neck; the girl was gaping at a shew. I took him with it in his hand.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I am a labourer. I was by the Vinegar-yard, and saw the prisoner take the handkerchief off the child's neck - I had watched him for three-quarters of an hour - and saw him attempt several peoples pockets - then saw him unite the handkerchief and take it off; he put it into his right hand; I caught hold of his hand and took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I stopped to see the shew, a handkerchief laid on the ground, and I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
