





990. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BRETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, two coats, value 1 l.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; one waistcoat, value 2 s., and one shirt, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Haarnack
                        



                     
                  ; one jacket, value 5 s.; one waistcoat, value 2 s., and one pair of trowers, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christian 
                           Haarnack
                        



                     
                  ; one jacket, value 5 s., and one pair of trowsers, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Haarnack
                        



                     
                  ; and one sheet, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Haarnack
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Langley
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  HAARNACK
               



            . I live in 
               
                  Mary 
                  Langley
               



            's house, at St. Pancras


. On the 30th of August I lost my son's clothes out of my drawers. I found the drawers open about eleven o'clock, and saw the things at Marlborough-street in about an hour.


                  ANN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I live at Langley's house, in the next room to the prosecutrix. She went out about eleven o'clock, and left me the key to attend to her child, which was asleep in her room. I went into the kitchen, came up in about twenty minutes, and found her door open. I pushed her door, somebody pushed against it, the prisoner then came out, and knocked me down. I screamed out, he got down stairs into the street, and threw a black silk handkerchief down in the passage. I ran after him, and my father, 
               
                  William 
                  Clark
               



            , pursued and brought him back. I am sure he is the man; I never lost sight of him till I shewed him to my father. I went into the room, and found all the things tied up on the drawers, ready to be taken away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . My daughter pointed the prisoner out, I pursued and brought him back. He said he was not the man, my daughter said he was. I found the shirt in his hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . The prisoner was given into my charge - he said he did it through distress.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
