






SIXTH DAY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12.
86. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FORTESQUE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANK 
                     PURDON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Elias 
                           Levy
                        



                     
                  , one order for payment of and value of 9 l. 17 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Myers
                        



.
Mr. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a fishmonger
. On the 3d of November I received a cheque from Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Boden
               



            , this is it. - (produces it.) On the 10th instant I had occasion to pay 9 l. 17 s., and gave the cheque to 
               
                  Elias 
                  Levy
               



             to pay to the salesman. He returned to me - it was unpaid when I gave it to him.


                  ELIAS 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Myers. On the 10th of November he gave me the cheque for 9 l. 17 s. to pay Mr. Rackstraw. I went into the Star public-house in Wentworth-street


, and called for a glass of gin, putting my hand into my pocket to pay for it. The cheque was in that pocket. I pulled it out and was wrapping it up. The prisoners were there. Fortesque said
"What is that paper." I said a cheque for 9 l. 17 s. belonging to my master. He said
"Let us look at it." I held it in my hand, and said you may look at it He took it out of my hand, and said I am very poor and immediately ran out of a little side door. He whispered to Purdon, who was in the other room. He could not see him take it from me. I said to Fortesque,
"You have carried the joke too far, give me the cheque, and let me go." He said wait a little longer and you shall have it. He said if I went up the street with him he would give it me. Purdon came running back as hard as he could and whispered with Fortesque. I again asked him for it, and he said he had no cheque of mine, I might go about my business. I ran home and told my master - he sent me to the bankers - it had been paid ten minutes before - it was about one o'clock. I have since seen a letter, which I shewed Fortesque. He said it was his writing - (looks at it.) - this is it. -
(Read.)
"To Mr. Lilley, Fishmonger.
"Dear Friend - I have taken the opportunity of addressing a few lines, to say I wrote to a friend to settle matters among us, it is an unpleasant circumstance altogether. You had better not go too hasty to work, as I will settle it if I am the whole amount out of pocket myself. You will see me at the lock-up place to-morrow.
"
               
                  JOHN 
                  FORTESQUE
               



            ."
Prisoner FORTESQUE. - Q. Did you not ask me to go to the bankers to get a cheque - A. No.
STEPHEN PATTERSHALL, ESQ. I am a banker, and live in Change-alley. I paid the cheque myself about the middle of the day on the 10th of November.
FORTESQUE'S Defence. I met him - he took me in to have some gin. He dropped a 1 l. note, and said I might keep it. I thanked him - then threw it on the counter, and said it was only a joke. He requested my mother to sign a paper to pay 5 l. if he did not appear against me.
FORTESQUE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PURDON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
