





1100. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BASS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, 79 1/2 yards of Persian silk, value5l. 5s. 6d.; 50 yards of other silk, value 8l. 10s. 10d.; 12 yards of satin, value 34s: 5 pieces of silk handkerchiefs, value 6l. 6s.; 1 dozen of silk handkerchiefs, value 32s., and 1 box, value 2s. 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



             and others.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Webb
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  STONE
               



            . I am in the employ of Moore, Agnes and Co., warehousemen. On Saturday, the 10th of May, about six o'clock in the afternoon. I went out with a cart load of goods; I drove down the Castle inn, Wood-street


, and delivered five boxes; I got my book signed and put them down in the yard in front of the booking-office; I was sitting in my cart ready to get out of the yard which was blocked up; I saw the prisoner walk up, and take one of the five boxes (which was directed for George Webb, of Stafford) on his shoulder; he walked out of the yard with it, and turned down Wood-street; I jumped out of the cart and followed: I lost sight of him for a quarter of a minute, and secured him with the box still on his shoulder, in Wood-street, about twenty yards from the inn; I asked where he was going with the box; he said what odds was it to me; he gave a plunge, let go of the box, and ran away; I followed, crying Stop thief! he was stopped in Love-lane; I am certain of his person; I gave him in charge - the box contained the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth 33l. 11s., Zachary Langton is the proprietor of the inn
.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see a man give me the box? A. No - I saw you take it yourself; I was on the top of my goods in the cart, and could see all over the yard.


                  GEORGE 
                  EVANS
               



            . I packed up this box - I afterwards opened it at Guildhall, it contained the articles stated in the indictment.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  POWNER
               



            . I am a clerk at the Castle, and saw Stone put the box down; Zachary Langton is proprietor of the inn.


                  JAMES 
                  TONKIN
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming down Aldermanbury about half-past six o'clock - somebody called, Stop thief! I ran across into Love-lane - the prisoner came up very fast - a porter stopped him just as I came up; I took him back to the inn, and the box was brought there by Stone; the prisoner said a person offered him 1s. to carry it to the White Horse, Cripplegate, and he thought the man was in the yard then - I gave him time to look round, but there was nobody there.
Prisoner's Defence. They would not let me look about for the man who employed me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
