





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1598. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for the 


               wilful murder of 
                     
                        
                           Ephraim 
                           Darkin
                        




.
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  HANNAH 
                  GRAY
               



            . On the 24th of July, about one o'clock in the night, I was in Whitechapel-road


, and met the prisoner at the corner of Court-street, Whitechapel-road - heasked where I was going - I said, seeking my husband; he said "Oh, I have got a shilling or a sixpence;" he wanted to get me into some lonesome place; he asked me to go; I refused - I saw him again, as God would have it- I happened to meet him again about two o'clock; he knew me again, and spoke to me; I thought if I could see a watchman, he would see me home - I saw a watchman
, and spoke to him, to take care of me: the prisoner did not hear what I said - the watchman then went with me towards home. The prisoner immediately flung a great stone at the watchman - there was nobody else to heave it but him; there had been no conversation between him and the watchman; I spoke to the watchman just by Baker's-row - the prisoner did not hear what I said, as I whispered; he was standing at a short distance; I walked by the side of the watchman to near Whitechapel workhouse, about ten yards - the prisoner was behind, about three yards from me - another man was walking just before us: we continued walking on, with the watchman behind, till we came to the workhouse; the watchman did not speak to the prisoner, he only said, "Let the poor woman go home;" the prisoner never said a word, but directly flung a stone - I did not see it thrown - he could hear the watchman say let the woman go home; the stone then immediately came at the watchman, and knocked him right down; I did not see the prisoner throw it, as my back was towards him; I heard it rattle, turned round, and saw the watchman on the ground; we were almost side by side, but he was rather behind me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it not a very short time from the time the watchman came up till he fell? A. It might be ten minutes; it began and ended in ten minutes. I never saw the prisoner before - he was as sober as a Judge; it was about two o'clock, and a very fine night.
COURT. Q. Was it moonlight? A. Yes, my Lord, and there are gaslights in the street; I happened to be out - I was looking after a person I wished to see.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing before he threw the stone? A. He never said a word, and the watchman never said a word; he never spoke afterwards - the stone was flung directly he said, "Let her go home"- there was a gentleman before me, who picked up the stone; I could see him: he could not have thrown the stone without my seeing him, as he was walking before me; there was nobody else in the street on that side of the way. The prisoner ran away directly the stone was flung - he ran down the road behind us. I was quite sober - I had not tasted a glass of liquor that evening.
Q. Had you complained of him to the watchman? A. I only asked him to see me home.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY DOLEMAN
               



            . I am a silk-weaver. On the morning of the 24th of July, about two o'clock, or rather after, I was in Whitechapel-road - I saw the prisoner and the deceased there, and Mrs. Gray was walking towards Whitechapel; I was coming from Mile-end, and was about six yards before them - Gray was walking rather first, the deceased next, and the prisoner behind - they arrived nearly at the end of the workhouse, and then all three stopped; I stopped, standing before them; the deceased said to the woman, "You had better follow that man (meaning me) and then you will be safe" - the woman then said to the prisoner, "You go about your business;" the prisoner answered, "He shall not follow you," meaning that the watchman should not follow her; he had both his hands behind him - he took his left hand from behind him, and immediately threw a stone at the watchman - I saw the stone, and saw him throw it at the watchman, who was about two yards or two yards and a half from him - it struck him rather above the left ear, towards the temple; he directly fell forward on his face, and the prisoner ran away directly - he appeared quite sober; I directly ran after him, hallooing Stop thief! a young man stopped him at the end of the road, and delivered him up to me - I never lost sight of him. I and the other young man delivered him up to the watchman directly; I afterwards assisted in conveying the deceased to the Hospital; he was in a very bad state, bleeding at the left ear, very fast. I never heard him speak after he was knocked down.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it a bright moonlight night? A. It was after two o'clock - day was beginning to break, and it was very light from the gaslights - I could see him by the lamps; I did not notice whether there was any moon; it was nearly half-past two o'clock; the woman was nearer to the watchman than me, and he spoke to her - I had no conversation with the prisoner, but he appeared quite sober. I do not know whether he and the watchman were at all acquainted; it did not last above five or six minutes altogether.
COURT. Q. Did you hear the watchman say anything to the prisoner? A. Not at all. I saw his hands behind him - he did not stoop; he could not stoop to pick up the stone at that time without my seeing him; he could not have taken it up while I was there, or I must have seen him; he was rather behind the deceased.


                  ROBERT 
                  STRATTON
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman, and was in Whitechapel-road on the morning of the 24th of July, a little after two o'clock, at the corner of St. Mary's-street, against the post (it joins the workhouse;) I saw the prisoner walking up the road with the deceased and the woman; Doleman was before them - they walked within seventeen or eighteen yards of me, by the workhouse - I I heard nobody speak; I saw the prisoner throw the stone with his left hand; the watchman immediately fell; the prisoner turned round after throwing the stone, and ran away; I pursued him - a person stopped him before I got up to him, but I never lost sight of him. When I got up he asked if I could swear he was the man who threw the stone - I said I could; he said nothing further. I assisted in conveying him to the watch-house, and the deceased to the hospital. Doleman got up to him before me - it was getting towards light - the day was breaking. The prisoner seemed perfectly sober.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you much opportunity of seeing whether he was sober or not? A. Yes; I saw him in the watch-house; I did not notice him before - it might last four or five minutes altogether.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



            . I am a dealer in fruit, and was in Whitechapel-road on the morning of the 24th of July, between two and three o'clock; I heard a cry of Stop him! Stop him! I went towards the road, to see if I could see any one running, and saw a man running from the workhouse, across the road, in a direction for the New-road - I instantly ran across the road, and secured him; he resistedvery much, and said, "Let me go - it was not me - it was not me;" that was all he said - it was the prisoner. I went afterwards with him to the the watch-house, and saw the deceased.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was the last witness from him? A. I saw nobody near him till somebody came to my assistance; I just looked round me; I did not look to see if any one was near - my attention was to secure the prisoner - I delivered him to Doleman.
COURT. Q. Did you see anybody beside the prisoner in the street? A. Not running. When I laid hold of him I saw nobody near him; Doleman came up in two minutes or a minute and a half; there was nothing to obstruct my view down the street; Baker's-row is not far from the workhouse - I could see very plainly from that distance; he was stopped at the corner of the New-road, opposite to Baker's-row, about fifty yards from the workhouse.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SYKES
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. - On the morning of the 24th of July, I was standing at the end of Great Garden-street, in Whitechapel-road, and heard a call of Stop thief! I ran up to where the deceased lay - I was then desired to follow the prisoner, which I did, to the corner of Cannon-street-road; when I got there he was custody - two or three men had hold of him; we brought him back by where the deceased lay, and a man sung out, "Look out for the stone;" as I came by, my foot kicked the stone - I picked it up within about two yards of where the deceased lay, and put it into my pocket; I delivered it to the officer afterwards - I looked at it at the watch-house - I saw no blood nor dirt upon it, but did not examine it close enough for that - it appeared to have been carried about for some time: it had no dust nor any thing on it, nor dirt or mud. The streets were quite dry. The prisoner did not appear the least in liquor. The deceased's name was 
               
                  Ephraim 
                  Darkin
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. If there had been dirt or mud on the stone, must you have seen it? A. I dare say I must; there were candles on the watch-house table where it lay, it was within a quarter of a yard of the candle; when I came to examine it at the office I saw a small spot of blood, but I did not examine it minutely before.
COURT. Q. Was there any heap of stones near there? - A. No; we went out to look; I picked it up on the pavement, just at the edge; there was blood on the flags.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a patrol of Whitechapel, and was at the watch-house on the morning of the 24th of July, when the prisoner was brought in; Sykes delivered the stone at the watch-house; it has been in my possession ever since, and is in the same state now as it was then - there is a spot of blood on it; there was more on it, but being handled has taken a little of it off. [Here the witness produced the stone, which was a large flint, about nine inches in circumference.]
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  SYKES
               



            . Q. You say there was blood on the flags? A. Yes; I had not put my hand down into the blood - I did not see it there till I returned from the watch-hosue; the deceased was about five yards from the stone - they had turned him round; it might be four or five yards from the blood, which was nearer to his feet, as they had turned him round - I examined, but could find no loose stones near the place - the road is M'Adamized.
JURY. Q. Is not Baker's-row paved with this sort of stons? A. I do not know.


                  ALFRED 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I am a pupil at the London Hospital. On Tuesday morning, the 24th of July, the deceased was brought there - he was completely insensible; his feet and legs were cold, and his pulse fluttering - he was evidently dying when he came in; he had one bruise on the forehead, and one above the left ear; there was a severe bruise on the forehead, and a considerable swelling - he lived about three hours; after his death I examined the head; there was a fracture of the skull, passing from about the left ear, across the base of the skull, to the right ear; there was from a pint to a pint and a half of extravasated blood on the brain - the blow above the ear was the cause of his death.
Cross-examined. Q. There was a severe blow in front of the skull? A. Yes; as if it had come in contact with some hard substance - as if he had fallen with cousiderable violence - that was only a bruise, and would not affect his life - the skin was not broken.
COURT. Q. Can you form a judgment how the blow above the left ear had been occasioned? A. By something striking the head; a large heavy stone, like that produced, would do it, I should think; his merely falling down would not produce such a fracture; I am satisfied his death could not arise from the fall, but from the violence applied to the head.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the concern, no more than a child unborn.


                  GEORGE 
                  WICKERBY
               



            . I have known the prisoner about twenty years. I keep the Crooked Billet public-house, in Rosemary-lane - he called there at half-past eleven o'clock on the evening of the 23d of July; there was a club-meeting there - he did not stay five minutes; he appeared to be very drunk indeed.
MR. QUIN. Q. How long have you kept this house? A. Since the 5th of May; he was very drunk - he could not walk; a man helped him down out of my house - I would not serve him with any liquor.


                  JOHN 
                  KELLY
               



            . I was at the Crooked Billet on the 23d of July; I saw the prisoner there between ten and eleven o'clock; he appeared a little elevated in liquor.
GUILTY. Aged 27.




               Of Manslaughter only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
