





FIFTH DAY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, OLD COURT.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1422. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 13th of September
, at St. Andrew; Holborn


, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Alexander Sinclair 
                        Gordon
                     




                  , his master
,thirty-eight silver spoons, value 14 l.; eight silver forks, value 4 l.; and a coat, value 1 l.
            , his property.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  SINCLAIR GORDON
               



            , Esq.
 I live in Ely Place


, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex. The prisoner was my footman, and general servant
. On the 13th of April, I was sitting at dinner with my brother; who, being an invalid, invariably has pudding for dinner, and a desert spoon is laid to him only. The prisoner was in the room; I thought I would have some pudding, which I seldom take. I called for a desert spoon; instead of which he brought a tea-spoon; I said,
"Is there no desert-spoons in the house - what do you mean by this?" He went out of the room, and returned in four or five minutes, and laid a spoon on the table; which upon looking at, I discovered not to be ours; it belonged to Dr. Tweedy. I said,
"Hallo! what is all this? what have you done with the plate?" he immediately bolted out of the door without his hat, and ran off. I did not see him again till last Monday fortnight, when I found him at the sign of the Exeter Arms public-house. I had advertised him, and taken every step to find him. The moment he left, I examined, and missed plate to the amount of 20 or 30 l. at least. I have found most of it in pawn. I had given the plate into his care, when he came into my service.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. I believe Ely-place is extra parochial - A. It is considered so; we pay for lighting, paving, &c. ourselves, but we consider ourselves in St. Andrew's parish. They call on us occasionally for particular rates; we are exempted as belonging to the Bishop's Palace; Ely-place and Thaves-inn are both in the the same situation; we pay no poor-rates. The prisoner was about a year and a half in my service.


                  CHARLES 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Reeves, pawn-broker, Snow-hill. On the 21st of February the prisoner pawned two spoons for 22 s.; on the 27th, eight spoons for 2 l. 0 s. 2 d.; on the 23d, two spoons for 10 s.; on the 25th, twelve spoons for 7 l.; also eight spoons and six forks for 6 l. 14 s.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you positive of his person - A. Yes. On shop is about four minutes walk from Mr. Gordon's. No single spoon is worth 40 s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Guest, pawnbroker, Fleet Market. I have two desert-spoons pawned on the 3d of April, by a woman.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOWER
               



            . I am shop-man to Mr. Cottrell of Shoe-lane. On the 28th of February, three table-spoons, four forks, and two tea-spoons, were pawned for 2 l. 10 s. in the name of Gregory. I did not take them in, the person who did, has left. On the 6th of March, four more were pawned for 30 s.


                  JOSHUA 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I am shop-man to Messrs Gray and Co. On the 5th of March, a coat was pawned for 12 s. in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Dawson
               



            . I cannot swear to the prisoner.
BROWN EDWARDS. I am an officer. On the 15th of April I searched the prisoner's bedstead in the pantry at Mr. Gordon's and in a drawer under it, found the duplicates of this property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
