





1933. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 carpet, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Brice
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WAUGH
               



            . I was employed by 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Brice
               



             to beat carpets; I took eleven from his house, on the 24th of September, and beat them in the fields - the prisoner assisted me to beat some, but not this one; I put them into a cart, and the one that was lost was put in the middle, sothat it could not fall out - I went on from the back of the Bedford Arms to Mr. Brice's, and left the carpets; it was rather dark, and I said I would call the next morning to see that they were all right - the officer afterwards came to me; I went to Mr. Brice's, and one of the carpets was missing, which I had put in the middle of the cart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 24th of September, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner with this carpet, in Albany-street, about two hundred yards from the carpet-ground; I asked where he got it - he said from the carpet-ground, and that he was going to Newport-market; I said, "Where is your stick?" he said, "I belong to the ground, and we leave them there;" I again said, "Where are you going to take it?" he then said to Oxford-market, then to the Plasterers' Arms, and then to the Queen's Arms: I went to the carpet-ground - the master said the prisoner had been forbidden to come to the ground, and if the carpet had been left there it should have been taken to him, as he was answerable for it; the prisoner said he had been working with Waugh, who had left the carpet for him to carry.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Brice
               



            , of Euston-square


. I gave eleven carpets to Waugh to beat - this is one of them.
Prisoner's Defence. Waugh asked if I would go and help him two hours for a 1s.; when they were done he put them into the cart - I then went and helped another man; I went across the field, saw this carpet, and was going to take it to Oxford-market.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
