





10. 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  DONOVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 18 lbs. of sewing cotton, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Wreford
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNSTAN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. John Wreford, of Aldermanbury; he is a haberdasher
. On the 12th of November I packed up sixteen parcels of sewing cotton, each containing 10 lbs.; I invoiced them to Mr. Turner, Crown-street, Finsbury


 - our carman was to take them on the following day; I did not put them into the cart. I afterwards heard that two parcels had been taken away.


                  HENRY 
                  YEOMANS
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Wreford. Mr. Dunstan told me to take some parcels to Mr. Turner; I cannot say how many there were of them. I went about half-past four o'clock on the 13th of November, and went straight to Mr. Turner's door; I did not get off the cart till I got there. On Monday, the 15th, I was told by Mr. Turner that these two parcels were missing.


                  JOHN 
                  DONOVAN
               



            . I live in Crown-court. My father is a bricklayer's labourer. Mr. Turner's house is at the corner of our court. I saw a tilted cart at his door on the 13th of November, about four o'clock - the prisoner and three or four more were there. I saw the prisoner step up the step of the cart, and take a parcel out - he gave it to another, who gave it to a third, and it got to the prisoner again; he then walked by me, and asked what I was looking at - I said nothing; he gave me a blow in the face, which made my mouth and nose bleed; I had seen him before, and knew his person. The parcel was about twenty inches square.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHESHIRE
               



            . I live at No. 97, Long-alley. I saw the prisoner, (whom I have known four years) pass my window about five o'clock, on the 13th of November - he had nothing with him; he went towards Crown-street, with four or five others, and returned with a paper parcel, about twenty inches square, under his right arm. I looked after him that night, but could not find him. I apprehended him on Monday morning, at the George public-house.


                  BRANSBY 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live in Crown-street, Finsbury. I received one hundred and fourteen parcels from Mr. Wreford's, on the 13th of November; the invoice was for one hundred and sixteen. I did not miss the two parcels till I had seen the invoice.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I assisted to apprehend the prisoner on Monday, the 15th of November, at the George, in Bishopsgate-street. He wanted to get rid of this handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
