





1729. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LANG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 piece of gold, of the value of 10s.; 1 sovereign, and 3 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 4s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a sailor
, and Italian
. I came here in the Saucy Jack, and have got no ship since. On the 15th of August, about eleven o'clock at night, I was in White's-yard; I met the prisoner, who took me to a house - I was very tired - I took off my jacket, and put it on a chair. I had some foreign gold and silver in the pocket - I fell on the bed, and went to sleep directly - she was then in the room. I awoke in about half an hour, and saw her over-hauling my things; I jumped out of bed, felt my pocket, and the money was gone; she put the money into her mouth; I tried to get it out, but could not. I called the watchman, who came; she then said, "I give charge of this man for ill-using me:" I said, "I give charge of this woman for robbing me;" I did not find all my money- there was 9s. 6d. taken from her mouth at the watch-house. I lost all the rest - I had not given her any thing - I was to pay her for the night's lodging certainly, but it was not agreed what. I lost one sovereign, and some Columbian money, and 9s. 6d. in silver.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  WARD
               



            . I heard the cry of Murder! and Watch! - I went to the room, and the prisoner said, "I give charge of this man for ill-using me;" and he said, "You have got 1l. 14s. 6d. English money of mine, and if you don't give it me, he shall take you to the watch-house." I took them both to the watch-house - I saw no silver but what the prosecutor had in his hand, and which he said he got from her month - her mouth was bleeding - they were quarrelling together.


                  JOHN 
                  DANGATE
               



            . I was the watch-house keeper. The prisoner was brought to me, and the prosecutor accused her of robbing him of 14s. 6d., one sovereign, two quarter-dollars, and one half-dollar - the prisoner said she had not got any thing upon her person. I searched her, and found in the left side of her mouth (which was bleeding) 9s. 6d. in silver, and there was sixpenny worth of copper in her hand; this half-dollar, and two quarter-dollars, the prosecutor gave me, and told me he took them out of her left hand.
Prisoner. When he got up into the room he asked me for a light, and said he thought he had lost some money - he pulled out a 5l. note, and said, "Some of those girls in the public-house have robbed me;" I said, "Recollect you have not lost it here;" and then he sent me for something to drink, and gave me 6s. I did not rob him - he was asleep above an hour; and if I had been disposed to rob him, I should have taken all his money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
