





816. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROACH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 copper, value 12s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d., and 1 blanket, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Rogers
               




            .
GEORGE ROGERS. I live in Green-street, Blackfriars-road


. On Sunday morning, the 24th of February, at eight o'clock, I went down stairs, and missed these things from the back kitchen; I found the door open - the prisoner is a stranger.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I saw all these things safe on Saturday night; my husband got up first on Sunday morning, and missed the copper - I went down, and missed the blanket and petticoat; we have two lodgers - they were in bed, and had come home when I went to bed at night; our doors were fastened - the thieves had got in at the back of the house; they must have got over a high wall - they had broken the window, and could then put a hand in to unbar the door, which was fastened when I went to bed. I went round to the old iron-shops to inquire, and about a fortnight afterwards I found the property at Guildhall, and was certain of it; the copper was fixed, and the things hungs on a line to dry; I think I have seen the prisoner begging about the streets.


                  RICHARD 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's Holborn. On Sunday morning, the 24th of February, about half-past six o'clock, I met the prisoner in Fleet-market, with this copper on his head, which excited my suspicion, it being Sunday morning; I followed him to Harp-alley, and asked where he brought it from; he said from No. 9, Walker-street, Kent-street, Borough: I then asked where he was going to take it; he said to a broker's on Holborehill; knowing there was no broker's there, I took him to the watch-house, and inside the copper found an ironing-blanket and petticoat, which were wet; the property was advertised, and in a fortnight Mrs. Rogers claimed it - I measured the copper, and it fitted the place.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. All the things were given to me by a person who I did not know; he said he would give me 1s. to carry them to Holborn-hill.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
