





1050. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, two coats, value 45 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Cox Dillman 
                           Englehart
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COX DILLMAN ENGLEHART
               



            . I rent a house at Acton


. On the 11th of August, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, one of my children gave me information. I went into the hall, and found the prisoner doing something up in a basket. I asked what he did there; he appeared confused, and on my repeating the question, he asked if I wanted any lemons; I told him to go about his business, he took up his basket, and went. I followed him, and before he got out of the garden, I insisted on looking in his basket, and found, two of my great coats. He was not willing for me to examine it. I could not see what was in it, without opening it. I took him out into the road, and sent for the constable who took him. One of them, was a box coat nearly new, and cost me four guineas and a half. I saw both in the hall the night before. He had two lemons in his hand. There was another man outside who ran away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge at the watch-house. He said he fell in company with a Jew who sold lemons, and the Jew gave him the basket, and told him if he saw any thing at the houses he went to, to put it in.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not put them in the basket. The other man offered me 2 s. to carry them, and said he bought them of the footman.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
