





1074. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 2 Quilts, value 6s., and 2 sheets, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Newell
                        



                     
                  ; 8 shirts, value 20s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 6s.; 3 waistcoats, value 6s.; 1 coat, value 5s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 2s., and 2 books, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Maddock
                  



               
            .
ELIZABETH NEWELL. Mr. Maddock is a lodger of mine. On the 14th of April I was in the front attic, and opened the door on account of the smoke; I saw Maddock's room door open, which it never is, except he or I go in there - I spoke, supposing Maddock was there; he made no answer; I called again, and then the prisoner appeared, and said he was down stairs - I said, "Is he?" she said Yes - she returned into the room again, and came out in two or three minutes with a large bundle; I clapped my hands together, and said, "Good God!" she said, "You will not stop me?" I said I would; I went to take hold of her, but she was too powerful for me, threw down the bundle, and got down stairs - I called out, and she was stopped; there were two sheets and two old quilts of mine- the other property belonged to Maddock, it all came out of his room.
JOSEPH MADDOCK. I lodge at that house. I went out at eight o'clock in the morning, turned the key twice, and hung it up on the door-post; these trousers and other articles are mine - I knew nothing of the prisoner till I saw her at the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out on the 15th of April to fetch in some linen for a laundress - on going through Covent-garden I met a woman who had lived as a neighbour of mine; I asked what she was waiting for - she said for a woman named Lewis, who was going to get some things away, as her landlord was very spiteful against her for having a little drink; she asked me if I would go and fetch them - I refused; she went with me part of the way, and then sent me up stairs at this house, and told me to fetch the bundle off the bed, which I did; the prosecutrix said she would stop me - I said the woman I fetched them for was down stairs; I got from her, but a neighbour in the house stopped me, and asked for the description of the woman - I gave it her, but they sent for an officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
