





EIGHTH DAY. THURSDAY, APRIL 15.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury, Before W. Arabin, Esq.
798. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, a purse, value 2 d.; eight half-crowns, and four shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gentry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GENTRY
               



            . I am a farming-man
, and live at Malden. On the 8th of April, about two o'clock in the day, I was in town, talking to a man in Whitechapel, close to Angel-alley


. The prisoner came up and spoke to me - I talked with her, being fresh; she kept feeling about my pockets - I did not see her take any thing - she left me - I do not know whether she walked or ran, I was so drunk - I had felt my purse safe in my right-hand breeches pocket ten minutes before. I missed it after she was gone- it contained eight half-crowns and four shillings. I have not found it.


                  CHARLES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am eleven years old. I saw Gentry talking to a countryman, and then saw him talking to the prisoner. I saw her unbutton his coat, and put her hand into his breeches pocket. I was only one door off - I saw her take a small purse out - I saw it in her hand - another girl was with her - she ran up Angel-alley, and was taken in a quarter of an hour. I know her to be the girl - she has only one eye. I heard money jingle in the purse.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. There was more than one woman there - A. Only two - I never saw her before - I saw her run away.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRASHIER
               



            . I am sixteen years old. I saw Gentry talking to a countryman, and then saw a short woman with one eye talking to him. I saw her draw his two great coats aside, unbutton then, and draw something out of his breeches pocket - she nearly dropped it as she ran away. The prisoner is the young woman, I am certain - she has only one eye.
Cross-examined. Q. How many women did you see - A. Two - no woman spoke to me.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor brought these boys to the office; they said he had been robbed by a girl with one eye, in consequence of which I took the prisoner in a quarter of an hour, and they identified her directly. The prosecutor did not appear drunk.
Cross-examined Q. Are there not several girls about there with bad eyes - A. There is one who has a patch over her eye.


                  JOHN 
                  GENTRY
               



             re-examined. I know that the prisoner is the girl. I cannot say whether she had but one eye.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man, or the boys.
- WEBB. I live in Angel-alley. I was standing at my door on this day. Two girls ran up the alley - one said to the other,
"Run on;" they ran very hard, and never stopped till they got to the end of the alley. I thought they had done a robbery, and presently Gentry came to my door with these boys - his pocket was turned inside out, and he said he had been robbed. One of the boys said that one was a one-eyed girl. I said,
"No, do not say that the one-eyed girl did it - she is a bad girl," but she is neither of the two girls. One of them has a cast in her eye, and the other a black patch over her eye - she is not either of them.
COURT. Q. You know the prisoner - A. Yes, any one may know her she is so remarkable. I did not see Gentry talking to either of the girls, but as they were running, I suspected they had committed the robbery. I heard, that the prisoner was taken up for it, and said,
"Well, she is a bad girl, but she is free from that."


                  CHARLES 
                  BRASHIER
               



            . This woman did not speak to me, but she spoke to a third boy; there were three of us, and we all said the prisoner was the woman, because we had watched her.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . There is a woman answering the witnese's description, but she is taller than the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
