





2012. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WOOLLER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 1 tin box, value 1d.; 3 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the property of 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        McGowan
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PATRICK MCGOWAN. I am a Chelsea pensioner
. On the 13th of October, at night, I met the prisoner - I think it was between twelve and one o'clock; I was looking for a woman who had run away with my money three nights before - I do not know where I met her; I wassober: she put her arms about me, but did not ask me to go any where; she took out of my pocket a tin box, with three half-crowns and a shilling in it; I laid hold of her, and called the watchman - he came up, and she gave him the box; I was making the best of my way home to Shadwell.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREGG
               



            . I am a watchman. Between one and two o'clock in the morning I saw the prosecutor and prisoner together; the prosecutor had been drinking, but knew what he was about - he had hold of the prisoner, and charged her with robbing him of three half-crowns and a shilling; she said she had taken no money, but did take the box, and he might have it if he liked: the prosecutor gave the same account he has now - she said she did not intend to steal it; I opened the box - there was nothing in it. I knew the prisoner before; a man came up to her in the street, and wanted to speak to her; I would not let him, and he knocked the prosecutor down.
 - HORTON. I took the prisoner, and searched her as far as decency would allow, but I knew by her position she had something about her - I could not get a woman to search her, and from a certain part of her person I took three half-crowns and a shilling, which I gave to Noyes, who is not here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second London Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
