





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
687. 
               
                  
                     JOHN CLARE 
                     EUSTACE
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 portmanteau, value 10s.; 1 razor, value 3s.; 3 pairs of trousers, value 45s.; 2 cravats, value 8s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 7 shirts, value 4l.; 3 waistcoats, value 3l.; 36 pairs of socks, value 30s.; 7 pairs of stockings, value 20s., and 8 keys, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Hamilton 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWIN 
                  SAWTELL
               



            . I am a servant to Colonel


                  George 
                  Hamilton
               



             Gordon, who lodged in the house of the prisoner's mother. On the 14th of January, I walked out in the evening with my master, who is infirm - I went out about half-past five o'clock, and returned about half-past seven; I had locked my own bed-room door, and left his portmanteau there - it contained some handkerchiefs, a razor, a bunch of keys and a variety of other property, worth from 20l. to 30l.; on returning at seven o'clock in the evening I came through the garden, and found a pair of boots - I found the bed-room door open, with a strange key in the lock; I had observed the prisoner with a particular sword-stick in his possession when he was in the house - I have since seen some of the property, and was with the officer when it was found; I have since seen the keys which were left in the portmanteau, also the razors and two handkerchiefs.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the portmanteau contain any one article worth 5l.? A. Certainly not - they were all safe in the portmanteau at five o'clock, and gone at seven.


                  HENRY 
                  TODD
               



            . I keep the St. John's coffee-house, Little Queen-street, Holborn. I know the prisoner - on Tuesday, the 20th of January, he breakfasted at my house; I saw him with a brown handkerchief - (looking at one) this is it; he produced it to my wife, and said it was too large for his purpose - he wished it to be made into two, and gave it to my wife to get it done for him; he said there was some initials on it, which he had endeavoured to take out, but could not; they were the initials of a near or dear friend, and it was of no importance - they might as well remain; that on a voyage from Bombay a brother officer's effects was sold, and this was part of them - he borrowed a portmanteau of me, and promised to give me a razor on the same day; he said he had two at home - on the 21st, when I went up stairs, I saw arazor there, and he said, "Mr. Todd, here is the razor I promised you yesterday," giving it to me - this is it.


                  ANN 
                  GALE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Gale
               



            , a hosier, of High Holborn. On the 21st of January the prisoner left at our house a cost, a cap, two pairs of gloves, and a blue silk handkerchief; this is the handkerchief - I afterwards gave it to the officer.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. Melina cottage, where Colonel Gordon lives, is in the parish of Mary-le-bone: on the 15th of January I was fetched there, and while I was talking to the prisoner's mother I found a sword-stick in the trees at the cottage; I observed foot-marks on the border of the garden - there is a wall to the garden; the foot-marks were near the wall, and just near to the trees where I found the stick. On the 22d of January I went to John's coffee-house, at half-past one o'clock, and saw the prisoner; I said,"Good morning to you, Mr. Barton" - one of Colonel Gordon's attendants was in the room; the prisoner went up to him, and said, "Are you Mr. Barton" - he said,"I am;" they shook hands, and the prisoner said, "Do you want me?" Barton said, "No, that gentleman does," pointing to me - I said I apprehended him on suspicion of the robbery at Melina cottage, and that I was an officer; Todd was present, and said, "You must make a mistake, he is a gentleman" - I told him I had made no mistake, he was the man; I then proceeded to search him, and in his right-hand coat pocket I found this bunch of keys, and in his other coat pocket a pocket-book-after I told him he must go with me he said, "You may hang me, or transport me, I am quite tired - I know it is all up;" before that he said he knew he had done wrong towards his mother at the time he left Melina cottage, by taking money from her; when I told him of Colonel Gordon's robbery, and that he must go with me, he said,"Must I walk through the streets with you?" I said Yes- I took a pair of boots off his feet at the office, went to the cottage garden, fitted the boots to the marks in the garden, and near the tree, they corresponded with the marks which were not disturbed at all; I had noticed them on the 15th - I have the key which was in the door, but which did not belong to it; it will unlock, but not lock it.


                  EDWIN 
                  SAWTELL
               



             re-examined. This is the swordstick - the prisoner was in the habit of walking out with it; I have known it a year and a half to belong to his father, but he used it - these keys are what I left in the portmanteau; part of them belong to Colonel Gordon - these two handkerchiefs are Colonel Gordon's; they were in the portmanteau that night - this one has the Colonel's initials partly on it, and his initials are wholly on the other; this razor is Colonel Gordon's, and was 
left in the portmanteau.
Prisoner's Defence. I hope as the witness, cannot prove them all taken at one time, it will be in my favour as to the capital punishment; the dwelling-house is my mother's - Colonel Gordon is only a lodger.


                  EDWIN 
                  SAWTELL
               



            . The Colonel had four rooms - we were going to move out that night; I had packed up the things and locked the portmanteau; I was absent about an hour and a half - I had locked my room, and put the key of that room on a chair in my sitting-room; the prisoner's mother occupied the ground floor only - the Colonel was only a lodger.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
