






89. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  ROPER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BLACKMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Thomas
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN THOMAS. I was in Pall Mall


 about half-past seven o'clock on the night of the 6th of November - the officer, Bertraun, asked if I had lost any thing - I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had had half an hour before. I saw it the next morning.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAUN
               



            . I saw the two prisoners on this night, near Leicester-square - they followed the prosecutor to the corner of Pall Mall; they were together all the time. I saw Blackman take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Roper. I told Reardon to keep his eye on them, while I went and told the prosecutor, who described his handkerchief as a yellow one, with a red border - we had then lost sight of the prisoners, but we went to Covent-garden, where we found them, and Roper had the handkerchief on his neck. I am certain of their persons.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I was with Bertraun, and saw what he has stated. Blackman took the handkerchief, and gave it to Roper - they turned down St. James'-square, and I lost sight of them; we saw them again in about half an hour, under the Piazzas of Covent-garden; this handkerchief was tied loosely round Roper's neck; I took it, and shewed it to the prosecutor the next morning - he identified it as his.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROPER'S Defence. I was coming through St. Martin's-court, and kicked this handkerchief before me; I put it round my neck, having not so good a one on - as I was under the Piazza these two men came up, and said I was the person they wanted.
BLACKMAN'S Defence. I was going to St. Martin's-lane - these two gentlemen came and seized this lad; I stopped to see what was the matter, and one of them said"Take hold of the other." I knew nothing about it.
Two witnesses gave Roper a good character.
ROPER - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
BLACKMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
