





960. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CAIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th June
, one box, value 3 s.; fifty-five shawls, value 53 l. 17 s.; eleven pieces of handkerchiefs, value 15 l. 10 s.; twelve pieces of muslin, value 7 l., and two shirts, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Greatorex
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bradbury
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin Hardwick 
                     Seal
                  



               
            .
MR. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  GREATOREX
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Bradbury
               



             and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Hardwick Seal
               



            , of King-street, Cheapside


. On the 20th of June, about six o'clock in the evening, a box containing this property, was just delivered at our door from Glasgow. A person gave me information - I ran out up Cheapside, and in Bow-lane saw the prisoner with a box on his shoulder. I came up and seized him with it. I secured him - it was opened and contained the articles stated in the indictment. At the time I laid hold of him a person rushed against me, to knock me down, but I kept hold of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given in my charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had left a friend in Lad-lane; a gentleman stopped me at the top of King-street, and asked if I would carry a box for a shilling; I said I could not, as I was going over the water. He said he wanted it taken there, and would fetch it. In about five minutes he brought it, helped it on my shoulder, and told me to cross into Bow-lane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
