





1452. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, one pair of boots, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ruffell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DALLEMORE
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Ruffell
               



            , who lives in the Commercial-road


. On the 31st of August, about half-past seven o'clock, I saw these boots on the top of the landing-place, and missed them in half an hour.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEAS
               



            . I am a baker, and live in the Commercial-road. On the 31st of August, at eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner come out of Ruffell's house, with the boots in a small flag basket; another man was talking to him. I saw him return in about three minutes, and go into the house again, without the boots; he still had the basket. He and the other man had walked in Daglish-street together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in George-street, Commercial-road. At half past eight o'clock I was at my door; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner run across the street, and throw a basket into a passage. I followed and took him, and on returning with him, a woman gave me the basket.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUMNERS
               



            . I am headborough. On the 3d of September I received information, and went to Mrs. Coursey's in George-street; she produced the boots. She is not here.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I am a shoemaker out of work, and took to selling pens and pencils in the street. I saw a man with a basket in his hand; a gentleman caught hold of me, and said I was the thief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
