





1638. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WEAVER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 22 yards of lace, value 22s.; and 8 pair of stockings, value 28s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bates
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS BATES. I live in Thayer-street, Manchester-square


. The prisoner had been my shopman
 three months, at sixty guineas a-year - I had given him notice to quit, and he was about leaving on the 10th of August; there was a settlement between us, and he owed me two shillings and ninepence; he requested to stop in the house that night, which I allowed; in the evening an acquaintance called, and she was taken very ill - I went for a surgeon; the prisoner was there; some tape was asked for, he got the key off the dining-room table, and, without being asked, went into the shop to get the tape; it struck me he was gone two or three minutes longer than he needed; he slept in the same room as I did that night; and in the morning I went to get the key of the shop from his pockets, and found a piece of lace there; I came down and sent for an officer, who came, and we went up stairs; the officer taxed him with having the lace, and he said he had; he then requested me to step out on the landing; I made him no promise or threat, but on getting on the landing-place, he said, "Mr. Bates, I did take the lacewhen I went for the tape, I also took the stockings;" I desired the officer to search his box, and we found a paper of eight pairs of silk stockings, which cost me 3s. 6d. a pair; he then came out and said, "You have got your property, what do you want more;" I told him, as he had acted so ungratetully, the law should take its course.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for; I went up stairs, took up the prisoner's coat, and found this card of lace in his pocket; I asked how he came by it, and he mumbled something; he said, he took it; that he was sorry for it, and we might have it again; Mr. Bates then wished to have his trunk searched, and, at that moment, he asked Mr. Bates to step out on the landing with him; the door was open; he said, there were six pairs of stockings in his trunk; Mr. Bates claimed the property.
Prisoner's Defence. I can declare this is a solitary instance, and no man in the world can charge any thing against me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
