






1935. 
               
                  MARY 
                  STEWART
               




             and 
               
                  AMELIA 
                  PIDDINGTON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th ofAugust
, 1 purse, value 2d.; 2 sovereigns, 19s., and three 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Webb
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD WEBB. I am a sailor
 and live at Blackwall. On the 17th of August, at night, I went to the Black Boy public-house with Stewart, between nine and ten o'clock- I went home with her and went to bed; I had two sovereigns, and 19s. in silver, in a purse, in my trousers pocket, and five 5l. notes in my fob; I did not take my trousers off at all, and am sure I had all safe when I went to bed - when I awoke, I got up and left Stewart in bed; I felt my pockets and found only two 5l. notes - the purse sovereigns, 19s. and three 5l. notes were gone; I asked her where it was - she said she had put it all into my pocket again; I had given her a sovereign the night before, and took out my purse to get it.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN SMITH
               



            . I live in Black Boy-lane. I was at the Harrow public-house that night and saw the prosecutor and Stewart come in, both very much intoxicated - they went out together; Stewart returned with some papers in her hand which looked like Bank notes: a person asked her if they were songs - she said No, they would like to have such songs in their pockets; I afterwards heard somebody say they were 5l. notes - I did not see Piddington.


                  JAMES 
                  BEACHY
               



            . I am a Thames-police surveyor. On the morning after the robbery, Webb came to me; I went to the Black Horse public-house, at Poplar - I heard some of the girls say "Here is Beachy coming;" I then heard a rush towards the back-door - I ran up then, and somebody passed me at the front; I went on to the back-door, and took Stewart there - I told her I wanted her for felony, and asked where the notes were which she had taken from the sailor; she said she had not got them, but would give me two sovereigns if I would go into the long-room and see blackguard Nance (meaning Piddington), who had got the money - I went with her to the long-room, but Piddington was not there: I then took Stewart, and she said she had taken three 5l. notes and two sovereigns from the prosecutor, but had left him two 5l. notes, and he ought to be satisfied with that, and she was sorry now that she did not take the whole - I asked her what she had done with the rest of the money: she said that I had got to find out - she said Webb had given her a sovereign, and showed me the bed they had been on; she said he had his jacket off, but not his trousers; that she took them for fear anybody else should, as there was another bed in the room.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  BULKLEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 18th of August, I was going up East Smithfield, and saw two sailors who had hold of Piddington; they said she had robbed a shipmate - I took her in charge, and found this purse in her bosom; I asked her where she got it - she said Stewart had given it to her, and four sovereigns; that she had returned two, given one to a coachman, and one is in it now.


                  RICHARD 
                  WEBB
               



            . This purse is mine.
STEWART's Defence. The prosecutor was very tipsy.
STEWART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
PIDDINGTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
