





844. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ROACH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 2 gowns, value 7s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 1 tea-tray, value 1s.; 1 lb. weight of sugar, value 6d.; 2 ozs. weight of coffee, value 3d.; 1 box, value 1d.; 1 half-crown, and 2 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Daly
                     



                  , spinster
; and 1 shirt, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  McCormack
               



            .
MARY DALY. I am single, and lodge in Orchard-street, Westminster


, in the one pair front room; the prisoner lodged in the next room; her husband is a labourer - they have two children. I went out about half-past twelve o'clock, on the 8th of March, and returned at half-past five; I had locked my door - when I returned it was forced in, and the lock hanging down inside; my box was broken open, and the property stated taken out - I had left the prisoner at home, but she was not there when I returned; I got an officer, who went into her room, and brought half a pound of sugar, which was mine; then a gown and towel; I afterwards went to a broker's, and got some other articles.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in her room quite intoxicated; I looked round her and saw something bulky behind her; I told her to give it me, but she would not - I took it from her, and found this 1/2lb. of sugar - I then found a piece of print in a hole in the floor, covered over with a saucepan; I then found a napkin, and another half pound of sugar; she was taken to the office that night, but was so intoxicated the case was not heard till the next day; there was another gown afterwards found up the chimney.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I keep a broker's-shop in Great Queen-street. I bought this tea-board for 1s. 3d. of the prisoner on the 8th of March.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  McALLISTER
               



            . I saw the prisoner coming out of the house between four and five o'clock, with this tea-tray.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, charging the prosecutrix with an improper connexion with her husband.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
