





925. 
               
                  
                     JOHN SIMON 
                     MAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value30 s; three seals, value 30 s., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Furze
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZE
               



            . On the 15th of July, at half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Portman-street


 - there was a small crowd at the Queen's house, she was getting into her carriage. I stood on the opposite side, where there were very few people, and observed the prisoner at my right hand. The moment the Queen was getting into her carriage, I stepped into the road that I might not be in a crowd; the prisoner came behind me, snatched my watch out, and ran towards Oxford-street; I followed, crying Stop thief! and before we got to the end of Oxford-street Toole stopped him, I was close behind. In the scuffle he got himself towards Mr. Thomas's, the grocer; he then took the watch from part of his dress, and threw it down the area. I attempted to catch it, but it fell through the grating, the servant took it up and brought it to her master, it was mine. The prisoner had been taken into the shop to prevent his being rescued. Bond came and took him in charge, he then fell on his knees and begged forgiveness.


                  JAMES 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I saw the prisoner running and stopped him. I threw him down, a scuffle ensued, he took the watch out of his waistcoat pocket, and threw it down the area.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
