





705. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Randolph 
                           Groning
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RANDOLPH 
                  GRONING
               



            . On the 4th of May, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Holborn


 into the City; I felt a fumbling at my pocket, turned round, the prisoner stood behind me, I seized him and desired him to return my handkerchief, which I missed; he looked me in the face, gave me a push and ran off, I pursued across the street, caught him immediately, and saw my handkerchief in his waistcoat, two officers were coming by, I offered them 2 s. 6 d. to follow him - they said, as he had ran into Field-lane, they should be murdered. I gave information, he was taken eight or ten days after; I am quite sure he is the man - I saw my handkerchief in his waistcoat.


                  THOMAS 
                  WELDON
               



            . I was on Holborn-hill with Mathews, and saw the prisoner push the gentleman, and then ran away - I knew him before; he went down Field-lane, we did not follow him there. I took the prosecutor's address, and saw the prisoner again on the Saturday week after, and took him - I did not find the handkerchief.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATHEWS
               



            . I was on Holborn-hill, the prisoner passed me in company with another man; I was talking to Weldon, and saw him rush against the prosecutor and run across the road into Field-lane, I said it was useless following him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the gentleman in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
