





220. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 1 shirt-pin, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wiber
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WIBER
               



            . I am a dyer
, and live in Camden-town. On the 5th of December, at midnight, I had been at a friends, in Holborn, and was going home; the prisoner accosted me in Holborn


, and asked for money to get alodging - I said I had none: I turned up Museum-street - she still followed, asking for a few halfpence; I said I had only one in my pocket - she said, "Give me that, it will get me a bundle of wood in the morning;" I leaned myself forward to get it out of my pocket, gave it to her and turned away - I had felt her hand on my neck; I put up my hand, missed my pin, went across the road and stopped her; I said, "You have taken my pin" - she said, No; a Police-man came up - he stooped and picked it up, about twenty yards from where we had the conversation.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty in Museum-street, saw them talking together, and told them to go on - the prisoner left the man; he called to me that he had lost his pin - I followed, and came up to her; I began to search her, but could not find the pin - my brother officer came up; I heard something drop, and immediately saw the pin on the ground; she must have dropped it - she was standing over it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MICHAEL 
                  DRISCOLL
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Davis searching the prisoner; I went over, heard the pin drop from her person, and took it up.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor accosted me; I turned up Museum-street with him till we came to Blower-street - we walked to the corner of Duke-street, stood there. and he gave me 6 1/2d., for a certain purpose; I said I should not stop for that trifle, and wished him good night - he ran and accused me of having his pin; the Police-man searched every part of my dress, and said I had not got it - this man came up and found it - whether it dropped from his person I do not know.
WILLIAM WIBER. It is not true; I had but one halfpenny - I did not wish her to go with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
