






352. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PHILLIPS
                  





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DUTTON
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 1 set of cart-harness, value 25s; 2 line-cloths, value 8d., and 1 roller, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sarson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Sarson
               



            .


                  ELIAS 
                  HAYDON
               



            . I am servant to James and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Sarson
               



            . I went into their stable at half-past five o'clock on the 10th of December, and missed the cart-harness, which I had seen at three o'clock - this is it; I know it to be theirs: I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  ROGER 
                  SEECUMB
               



            . My master is a saddle and harness-maker, and lives at No. 26, Long-lane. The prisoners brought the harness to his shop about half-past three o'clock, on the 10th of December; I hung it up on a pin in the shop - a man came in the evening and inquired about it; it had been sent to our other shop by one of the boys, but I am certain it is the same harness - it was taken away by Vann.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . This harness was brought to the office, and Dutton was brought the same day - the other man was charged on suspicion of stealing it; that was on the 23d - I had taken Phillips, and Dutton told me that Phillips used to take him about, and give him a shilling or eighteen-pence for carrying things; he said he knew nothing about that, but Phillips had employed him to carry it: Phillips said he bought it for 12s. of a man at a watering-house, in the City-road, and could produce the party - I said "That would be right for you to do;" he did not mention any name - Dutton said before the Magistrate, that it was bought by Featherston-street, in the City-road.
PHILLIPS' Defence. I was in the City-road, and I met a man with a kind of shooting-jacket; he had this harness on his back - I asked if it was for sale; he asked 18s. for it - I said "I will give you 12s.;" he called me back, and took it: I went to the shop in Long-lane and sold it- I asked the foreman 1l. for it; he said he would give but 16s.; I said "Well, if you will give me something to drink you shall have it:" the man I bought it of, gave me the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cope
               



            , and said he was always near the bridge.
DUTTON'S Defence. I was out of work, and met Phillips, who said things were very bad, and as he had a little money he thought of buying an old harness; he went round to different gentleman's servants and bought it up- he met a man with this harness, and bought it; we went to the shop and sold it for 16s.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
DUTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
