





1275. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 1 piece of handkerchiefs, containing 5 handkerchiefs, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Graham
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOTSON
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. John Graham, who lives at No. 294, High Holborn


; the prisoner was in his employ. On Monday evening, the 26th of May, a piece of Bandana was found in his trunk, in his presence - he opened the trunk himself; there was a general search, in consequence of a piece of linen being missed - he said he bought the handkerchiefs of Mr. Davis, in Chiswell-street, two years ago, but the price he could not recollect; he has been there two or three months.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How many servants has your master? A. Twelve or fourteen; two or three slept in the prisoner's room; I am certain his box was locked - he said on the Wednesday that a friend, named Thompson, wished to buy some handkerchiefs, and he had put these apart to shew him, but he never said so before; Mr. Graham sent him away that night, as we were not certain we should be able to identify the property, but we afterwards found one of the shopmen could identify it.
COURT. Q. What was done with the property? A. We kept it there - the prisoner was to call next day for his salary.


                  JOHN 
                  TYE
               



            . I am in Mr. Graham's employ, and know these handkerchiefs - I sold two off this piece last Saturday week; I took particular notice how I cut it - I had a pair of scissors which would not cut well, and they made a particular mark, and it was missing on the Monday - I can swear this is the same piece.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the mark? A. It is notched - there is no shop mark on it; I was not asked about it till after the prisoner was gone.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRIEST
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner; he said he took the handkerchiefs to shew a friend.
Prisoners' Defence. I met Thompson on the Sunday previous - he asked me to bring him some handkerchiefs to look at - I selected this, and when I went up in the morning to dress. I put it into my box, thinking they would be sold while I was out; there was afterwards an inquiry about them - I told Mr. Graham I intended to shew them to Thompson - neither of the witnesses saw them taken from my box.
JOHN HOTSON. I saw the box unlocked, and the handkerchiefs taken out of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HART THOMPSON
               



            . I fell in with the prisoner on the Sunday after the fall of the Brunswick Theatre - I went into a public-house with his brother, and he was there; his brother pulled out a handkerchief -the priprisoner said, "If you or my brother wish to purchase handkerchiefs, I can let you have them cheap;" his brother said, nonsense; I said I would look at some.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
