





535. 
               
                  SILAS 
                  BROOKES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 40 lbs. weight of amber, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Colebatch
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Godfrey Alexender 
                        Cohen
                     



                  , his masters
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.
JOSEPH COLEBATCH. I am in partnership with Godfrey Alexander Cohen; we live in Lower Thames-street, City. The prisoner was in our employ last year. and in consequence of something which occured we discharged him; we subsequently examined a quantity of amber which was entrusted to our care - it weighed 99lbs. when it came to us - we found it 40lbs. deficient. I caused the prisoner to be apprehended by King, who brought me this paper, which is in the prisoner's hand-writing; he had access to the cask of amber while he was with us - he was occasionally employed at coopering - he had left us about six weeks - the amber is worth 12s. a pound.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PHILIP KING
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner by Mr. Colebatch's directions, and took him to Giltspur-street Compter. I neither threatened nor promised him any thing - he asked if I would take a note to his master; I said, Yes - he said he would get it ready in the course of the day, and I was to call for it at four o'clock; when he delivered me this paper. This was before his examination (read).
"January 19, 1827. - This is to certify, that I, Silas Brookes, do hereby admit that Mr. Barnett, of Savage-gardens, Rosemary-lane, did buy of me a certain quantity of amber at 2s. per lb.; he had bought some at 1s. per lb., in pounds and half pounds at a time, knowing the same to be stolen Mr. Colebatch's warehouse. I am ready to testify from the same in evidence; additional evidence can be given."
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Cohen came to me before I was examined, and said if I knew any thing of the fact he would admit me as evidence, if I would tell him what it was - I said I would let him know by letter; King came twice, and I gave him the letter; I obtained the property from a person, who is now at sea; but I did not know it was stolen.
MR. COHEN. I went to the house of one Jeremiah Nathanson, in Mansel-street, Goodman's-fields, and there found a quantity of amber; he told me where he got it - I never made the prisoner any promise; I did not see him till he was examined.


                  DANIEL 
                  JELLIMAN
               



            . I am foreman to the prosecutors. On re-weighing this cask, it was 40lbs. deficient.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
