





1061. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     HANNAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, four sovereigns, a half soveregin,and 7 s. 6 d., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Owen 
                           Rogers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  OWEN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a sailor
, and lodge in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's. On the 29th of August, about eight o'clock at night. I met the prisoner at the foot of Holborn-hill. I had this money in my pocket; the gold was wrapped in paper, we walked to St. Giles's church; went into a public-house, and from there to a lodging, in Buckeridge-street


. I was sober. I paid for the room, and sent out for half a gallon of beer - drank it between us, and in about an hour went to bed. I put my waistcoat and trowsers under the pillow and under the bed, and in about an hour and a half she wanted to go away. I turned round and found my waistcoat under the pillow, but missed the money; I sung out, and one of the women went for a watchman - nobody but her had been in the room. I had not been asleep.


                  LEWIS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a watchman, of George-street; the servant at No. 47, fetched me about twelve o'clock. I found Rogers charging the prisoner with stealing four sovereigns and a half, and 7 s. 6 d.; she denied it, saying she had no money of his. I found a shilling and some halfpence on her; a female searched her in the watch-house, and produced four sovereigns and a half, wrapped in a paper, and 5 s. 6 d.; she then became violent.


                  JANE 
                  FURZMAN
               



            . My husband is a housekeeper. I searched the prisoner, and in the corner of her shawl I found four sovereigns and a half in a paper, and 5 s. 1 1/2 d. she tried to get it from me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COLLINGTON
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner said she had no money, but when it was found she said it was her own.
Prisoner's Defence. He wanted to ill-use me. I kept the shawl in my hand, because I had this money there, and when he saw it, he swore to every farthing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
