





1742. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 117lbs. of lead, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hollinshed
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLINSHED
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, in King-street, Seven-dials


. On the 28th of July we had been pulling down part of our premises; this lead was packed up, and laid in a stable - I had seen it safe the day before, and remarked that somebody had been moving it; this piece of lead fits the place it came from exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  MOGFORD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hollinshed. There was lead in the stable - I met the prisoner that morning with a bundle, and watched him into an old ironshop; I went and told the prosecutor; we went to the house, and asked what he had brought; the man said it was lead - I did not know what it was; I thought it was a bundle of tiles - it was wrapped up in a bundle; when I saw him first he was not above ten yards from the stable; he was in the back yard, with the bundle on his shoulder; it was about a quarter before nine o'clock in the morning - I found the bag that the lead had been in at the old ironshop, but the lead was out, and the bag laid upon it - it was about a quarter of an hour after I saw the prisoner that I saw the lead again at the shop; he is a bricklayer's labourer, and had been at work there some time.


                  DANIEL 
                  DURALL
               



            . I live at the iron-shop. The prisoner came and asked if we bought lead; I said we did not; I said, "Very likely you have not got it in an honest manner;" he said, "Will you let it be here a few minutes;" I made him no answer; but he pushed me aside, put it down, and in a few minutes after the prosecutor came in - he had the same lead.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw some rubbish and some shavings; I kicked the shavings aside, and took up this lead; I took it to the shop, and was coming back to tell the boy if any body came who owned the lead, I would give it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
