





543. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PENDEGRASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 1 coat, value 8l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Powell
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am collector to a brewer
 at Chelsea. On the 6th of February I was at the Rising Sun public-house, Windmill-street


, and left my great coat in my gig, in the care of a lad, who I thought belonged to the house - a man came in soon afterwards, and asked if I had missed any thing; I said I had left my gig and coat in care of a lad - I saw my coat again, but not the lad I left it with; I afterwards saw the prisoner at the watch-house.


                  RICHARD 
                  THROP
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was passing on the 6th of February, and saw the gig and coat; a lad was minding it - I turned into another street, and soon after the prisoner overtook me, with the coat, and a pipe in his mouth; I followed him up Queen-street, and on to Golden-square - the lad who I had seen with the gig was following him: when they got into the square the other whistled - I then ran up to the prisoner, pushed him into a butter-shop, and had him secured; I asked where he got it - he said he had it given to him in Windmill-street - I collared him, and took him out; he ran away: I gave an alarm, and he was again taken.
Prisoner. He said at the office that he saw me take the coat out of the gig. Witness. No, I did not.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am an officer, and have the coat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was bound apprentice to my father; I had not left his house ten minutes, and was crossing the street, when I saw two young men, who asked if I would carry that parcel to the Green Man and Still - I said Yes, and a young man put it into my hand; I was going on to the corner of Golden-square, when this witness came up and asked where I got it - I said I had to take it to the Green Man and Still.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
