





67. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS, alias 
MERRY





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Stock Turner 
                        Green
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. JOHN STOCK TURNER GREEN. I am a student
 of the Middle Temple, and live in Bedford-row. On the 1st of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was on Snow-hill


, and had just used my handkerchief, which was in my outside coat pocket; I was refering to a memorandum which I had in my pocket, when a little boy told me my handkerchief was stolen - he pointed to the prisoner, who was running; I ran after him, and secured him down an alley leading from Snow-hill, without losing sight of him - I have not found my handkerchief; I had seen nobody near him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lose sight of me in turning the corner? A. No; I asked him to stop, and told him I would catch him if he ran to the devil.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY CHAPMAN
               



            . I am sixteen years old, and live in Ropemaker-street, Finsbury - my father is a turncock belonging to the New River company; I was an errand-boy, and left my place on Saturday last. On the 1st of December I was in a shop on Snow-hill, and saw Mr. Green within two yards of me; I saw the prisoner and two others behind him - the prisoner was taking out the handkerchief; they were all three in company: he took the handkerchief out of Mr. Green's pocket, and gave it to one of the other two, in a fustian jacket; I went and told Mr. Green - I ran with him, and never lost sight of the prisoner; I saw him, taken - the other two ran down the alley before him; I am quite sure of his person.
Prisoner. Q. You was in a shop, and there was a crowd and a cart? A.There was nobody to prevent my seeing them; a cart stood by the curb - Mr. Green was reading something; there was nobody but these three near him: the prisoner said at Guildhall that he would thrust a knife through me.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a constable. The prosecutor brought the prisoner to my house; he was very rough, and swore at the boy and all of us - he said openly before the Magistrate, that he would thrust a knife into the boy.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman named Wingfield said at Guildhall, that my name was Murray, which it is, as I had given my mother's maiden name; I certainly made use of the words in consequence of that, but did not say I would stick a knife into him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
