





SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury,
Before Mr. Recorder.
15. 
               
                  
                     JARVIS 
                     STREETER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 21st of November
, a hearth rug, value 2 s.; four pieces of carpeting, value 2 s.; a pair of stockings, value 2 s.; a cap, value 1 s., and a box, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martial Laurence 
                           Welch
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. 
               
                  MARTIAL 
                  LAURENCE WELCH
               



            . I live in Wentworth-place, Bryanstone-square


. The prisoner was in my service - I discharged him, but permitted him to stay some time at my house, and in consequence of suspicion, I took out a search-warrant, and went to No. 15, Fitzroy-row, where he lived, and found a hearth rug, a foraging cap, a pair of stockings, and a box, which are mine. He was present, and threw himself on his knees, and begged for mercy.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Did he not say he received them from the servant, Ann - A. Yes; she denied it on her oath, in his presence.
MRS. WELCH. I only know the property to be ours.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not order him to throw these pieces of carpet away - A. Never. They were in different rooms. I gave him a small piece of druggett.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Welch. I never gave these things to the prisoner - I said so in his presence at Bow-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not the fear of losing your place your reason for saying so - A. By no means. I never gave him one of them.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am an officer. I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's apartment, and found the things in his possession. He said Ann gave them to him, and begged forgiveness.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I declare to God that my mistress gave me the things, and told me to throw them away, and Ann has given me several things, and told me not to let mistress know it.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



            . I gave him some old shoes and socks, but none of my master's property, nor ever told him to take any.


                  ANN 
                  OLDFIELD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I heard my mistress tell the prisoner to throw away some old carpet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
