





637. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 14th of March
, one saw, value 8 s., and one chisel, value 1 s.
            , the good of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bonython
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURFORD
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 14th of March I was at work in Regency-street


. I had a saw and chisel there between nine and ten o'clock in the morning. I saw the prisoner go out of the building; he was charged with stealing the tools, and detained. They were on the second floor. I left them safe at a quarter before nine o'clock, and at a half-past nine they were gone.


                  JAMES 
                  BENDFORD
               



            . I was at work on the premises. I saw the prisoner come across the parlour floor, about nine o'clock; he had no business there. I saw Down pursue him; he returned and gave an alarm. The prisoner ran away; I pursued him to his lodging; he was concealed there, and denied to me; I went and got Down, and then secured him in Hanover Square; he made great resistance, and said he had nothing; at last he took me to a building, where we found them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWN
               



            . I was employed on the building, and saw the prisoner go up stairs. As he came down I saw the saws under his arm. I followed him, but fell down and hurt myself. I sent Burford after him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the buildings to get a job, and as I crossed the square, I was taken. They said I should pay for all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
