





106. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  STEPHENSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 9 spoons, value 4l.; 3 ladles, value 2l. 12s., and 6 forks, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gill
               




            , her mistress.
ELIZABETH GILL. I live in Surry-street, Strand


. The prisoner was my waiter and footman
 - I keep a boarding-house
 - he was a weekly servant - he was about five months with me, and had the care of my plate. On the 22d of July I had a larger dinner party than usual, and noticed that it was not a silver ladle that was brought to dinner; I mentioned it to my daughter - I could not then examine, but in the evening I sent for my son-in-law; the plate-box was looked over, and a great number of articles missed; the prisoner was asked about it, he admitted taking them, and gave me up the duplicate - I had no character with him - he had referred me to the York hotel, Margate.


                  JAMES 
                  SAYERS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Austin, pawnbroker, of Drury-lane. I have two spoons and two ladles, pawned in June and July, all by one person - I cannot swear to the prisoner, but the duplicates produced are what I gave him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I took the prisoner. Mrs. Gill gave me the duplicates of the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLUNES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Angel, pawnbroker, of Liquorpond-street. I have a spoon, a ladle, five forks, five table-spoons, and two desert-spoons, pawned at different times, from the 27th of April till the 7th of July, in the names of Stevens and Stevenson. I only took in the soup-ladle, and believe the prisoner to be the person,though he is much altered - these are the duplicates of the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. BODKIN to MRS. GILL. Q. Had you authorised him to pawn any of this property? A. No; I know he has a wife and one child - I never allowed him to pawn any article - I did not take him when he gave me up the duplicate, as I thought I could get my property; but they would not give it up - he slept in my house that night, and next morning I said to him, "You will go and point out the property at the pawnbrokers," and when he got out he ran away, and was not taken till November. I am very sorry, indeed, to prosecute him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
