






Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1291. 
               
                  
                     MATHEW 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CLAPTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, a shawl, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Peachy
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PEACHY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Goswell-street


. On Saturday, the 2d of October, Mr. Nelson told me that something had happened: I went out and two gentlemen pointed out Johnson, whom I secured; my young man went out and took Clapton; we then examined the premises, and found a shawl had been taken; which hung on a partition inside the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an upholsterer. On the 2d of October, I was crossing from Wilderness-row, and saw a man throw something from Mr. Peachey's door: I saw Clapton take it up and go away with it. Mr. Peachey's young man came out, and I directed him to the prisoner.
Prisoner CLAPTON. Q. Why did you not stop me - A. I was not near enough.


                  EDWARD 
                  WASHINGTON
               



            . I am a feather maker, and live in Goswell-street. I saw Johnson in Mr. Peachey's shop, taking down the shawl; he threw it out to Clapton, who put it under his coat and walked away. I have no doubt of their persons.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Mr. Peachey's young man running after Clapton; I took him to the watch-house. I took him to the Pitt's Head, public house, where he attempted to make his escape; he pushed me on one side, and ran out of the door; I pulled him back.


                  MARY 
                  NELSON
               



            . I live in Noble-street. I was going into Mr. Peachy's shop and saw the prisoners at the door, they were strangers to me, but I saw them so as to know their persons. Johnson said to Clapton,
"Which is it your wife wants, a shawl or a handkerchief?" Clapton said
"A shawl." Johnson went into the shop, pulled it down and tucked it under his jacket - I gave notice to Mr. Peachy immediately.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLAPTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
