






1312. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEEDHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FORD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, one handkerchief, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Street
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ARNSDEN
               



            . On the 3d of August, about half past four o'clock, I saw a crowd in Tavistock-street, Covent-Garden, and found the prisoners detained. Mr. Street charged them with stealing his handkerchief; I found it in the flap of Needham's trowsers, under his apron.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I was in the Strand, and saw the prisoners in company together - I saw Needham take a handkerchief from Mr. Street's pocket, and put it under his apron. I seized him at the end of Tavistock-street - Ford went off in a different direction; and Dorrington secured him. He kept close to Needham - I am sure they were in company.
Prisoner FORD. Q. Were you not once apprehended for picking a gentleman's pocket - A. Positively not - I was once brought into the office by mistake for another man.


                  FREDERICK 
                  DORRINGTON
               



            . I took Ford when he was running. Boston said he was one.


                  JOHN 
                  STREET
               



            . I was in the Strand


. I felt nobody at my pocket, but Boston came up to me. I then missed my handkerchief. I had seen the prisoners walking up the street in company together.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FORD'S Defence. I heard the cry and walked towards it. Boston took Needham, then turned and took me.
NEEDHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
FORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
