





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
35. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SOUTHTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, a basket, value 6 d., and a dead hare, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .

Mr. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am the guard of the Regent Stamford Coach. On the 8th of November, on our way to town, at Hornsey, we stopped to take up a passenger, and saw the prisoner behind, in the act of handing the parcels from the hind boot. I hollowed out,
"Stop thief;" Lee pursued him - he was taken fifty yards off. I brought him to town on the coach - I missed a basket containing a hare, among others, directed to Mr. Parker.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a groom. On the 8th of November, I stopped the Stamford Coach; between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the boot door open, and the prisoner step off the steps behind and run away. I raised an alarm - I took him, and heard something drop from him - I got a lamp and found this piece of iron on the spot. Next morning I went to the spot where I took him, and found two keys.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLEY
               



            . On the 9th of November, I was in the Hornsey-road, and looking over a hedge on the spot the guard mentioned, I found two baskets, on containing a pheasant and a hare - I don't know what was in the other. I got a gentleman to read the direction, and I delivered one parcel to Mr. Parker, Newgate-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am book-keeper to the Stamford Coach, at St. Neots. On the 8th of November, I received a basket, directed to Mr. Parker, Newgate-street, which I put into the hind boot myself. I produce the weigh bill.


                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               



             re-examined. I only came from Graveley. I delivered no parcel on the road. When we arrived in town, on calling over the weigh-bill, this was missing among others; I saw it in the boot, at Graveley.
- THOMPSON. Mr. Auger is proprietor of the coach. He has no partners.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PARKER
               



            . On the 9th of November, this parcel, containing a hare and pheasant, were delivered at my house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
