





FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, JULY 16.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1544. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 6d., and 1 gold key, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Arthur 
                        Meggs
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ARTHUR MEGGS. I live in Old Gravel-lane. On Tuesday morning, the 5th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in the neighbourhood of Bedford-square, Commercial-road; I had been at a Parochial dinner the day before, and was going home rather intoxicated, but knew what I was about; I met a man in crossing Whitechapel, and asked him to show me the nearest way into the Commercial-road; he took hold of me by the arm, and conducted me to the neighbourhood of Bedford-square


 - he got me down by some means or other - I cannot say how - I then missed my watch; got up, and raised the cry of Stop thief! some gentleman who was passing, pursued, and took the prisoner to the watch-house; I cannot say he was the man who took it - but I saw the watch found, and I knew it had been in my fob before.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. I am told that you were exceedingly intoxicated that night? A. I was not very drunk - I had been drinking a bottle or two of sherry, perhaps, but I had no porter; I had not been talking about the watch, and swinging it about.


                  CHARLES 
                  BIGGS
               



            . I am a ship-broker. I was in the neighbourhood of Bedford-square; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running towards me - the prosecutor was running in the same direction - I took the prisoner; he was taken to the watch-house, and this watch was taken from his coat pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the coat taken off his back? A. Yes - by Mr. Tedwick, a friend of mine - he is not here; it came off in the scuffle, and was carried about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour's walk; I believe my friend carried the coat the whole time; he might have given it to another person for a minute or two, as I lost sight of him - the prosecutor was not very drunk.


                  PETER 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a constable of Mile-end. I saw the prisoner brought into the watch-house without a coat- I searched and found the watch in his left-hand coat pocket; I do not know the gentleman who gave the coat. (Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Whit Monday I had a holiday, and was going home with two young men, who I had met at a public-house - one of them said, "Here he comes!" there was a cry of Stop thief! they ran, and somebody pushed me down - but I know nothing of the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
