





682. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MARGARETS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 coat, value 3l. 14s.; 1 jacket, value 10s.; 1 snuff-box, value 2s.; 1 crown, and one 5l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Simms
               




            .
JOHN SIMMS. I am master of a vessel
 which laid off the New Crane-wharf


 on the 2d of February. The prisoner was my cabin-boy
 - I went on shore for three quarters of an hour that day, leaving him and two other boys on board; when I returned the prisoner was gone, and I missed this property; the Bank note, the crown, and snuff-box were in a desk in the state room - it was locked, but the key was left in it; the coat and jacket hung there- I have never seen them since. The prisoner had been but eight days with me. I could not swear to the Bank note.


                  MARY 
                  HODGES
               



            . I live at the Rose and Crown public-house, Star-street, Shadwell, which is kept by my cousin. The prisoner (whom I knew) came to the house on the 2d of February, in the evening, and asked for change for a 5l. note; I asked who it was for - he said, "For Captain Simms, of the ship Anna;" I did not recollect the name, and told him I had not got it; he said he would take it in copper, or silver, or in any way; I said I had not got it: he came again in a quarter of an hour, and said he would leave the note, and take 2l. or 3l., as the vessel was to sail next day - I took the note, but gave him no change - here it is; he had it in a snuff-box; and had apparently a new black coat on, much too large for him.


                  EDWARD 
                  SOUTHWOOD
               



            . I am an officer. I was going through St. Giles' on the morning of the 3d of February, I saw a crowd, and found the prisoner behind a door in Hampshire-hog-yard; I asked what he had been doing - he said I might be b - d, he would not come out for me - I took him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMS
               



            . My note had four names on the back, and so has this.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
