





148. 
               
                  
                     BETSY 
                     BRACKINGBURY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 coruelian heart, value 1s.; 1 cornelian cross, value 1s.; 1 prayer-book, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 4s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 3d.; 1 cap, value 3d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s., and 2 yards of muslin, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Fanny 
                  Hassell
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANNING
               



            . I produce a bundle, containing this property, which I received from Harding.
DAVID HARDING. I clean boots and shoes at Mr. Mitchell's house; this is the first bundle which the prisoner gave me; she told me to take it home, and take care of it, as she was going to leave her situation, and wished to live with a single person - I told Mr. Mitchell of it the next day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a talk in the house about something being lost before? A. Not that I know of; I do not know whether she had a box to put this bundle into - I did not ask her if she had a bedroom of her own; I took it home, and the next day she gave me the other - I hardly ever changed a word with her; I never did so for any servant-maid before - I had no great regard for her; I have been in the bed-room many a time - I never said I would have brought down the shoes myself, but Mr. Sturz was so sharp; I do not know whether the slippers I burnt would fit Mr. Sturz - there is another gentleman lives in the house; I generally go between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and sometimes in the evening.


                  FANNY 
                  HASSELL
               



            . I lived in the house - the prisoner had access to my property; this property is all mine - it had been taken from my bed-room.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you miss it? A. On the Monday, about twelve o'clock; I spoke of it in the house - the prisoner continued there till she was taken up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven years, to commence from the expiration of her former sentence
            .
