





1795. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BROOKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 13 sovereigns, 17 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Barton
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BARTON. On the 27th of July I met the prisoner in the Haymarket, and went to a house in Union-court, Westminster


; I went to bed with her - I had thirteen sovereigns, and 17s. 6d. in my purse; I put my trousers on a chair by the bed-side - I did not go to sleep - she complained of being thirsty; in about three-quarters of an hour she said she would get up, and go and have a pint of beer - she went away, but did not return. I got up and missed my trousers and money - I was sober; I saw her at Bow-street afterwards, and am certain of her person.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am a patrol. I apprehended the prisoner, in consequence of information, on the night of the 7th of August, at No. 2, Union-court, Orchard-street, Westminster - I had been looking for her several days, and she had been absent from her lodgings.


                  ELIZA 
                  BOND
               



            . I live at No. 16, Union-court - the prisoner lodged at No. 2. On the 26th of July, I had the care of her child, which is now in her arms; she left it with me on that day, and I did not see her afterwards - she used to call daily to see it before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am sure I did not go to sleep - that nobody else came into the room, and that the money was safe when I undressed.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man.
GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
