





928. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BUDD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, one coat, value 3 l.; one waistcoat, value 1 l.; one handkerchief, value 1 s., and one towel, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  M'Carthy
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PILLETT
               



            . I am an errand boy to George M'Carthy, a taylor
, who lives in Dorset-street, Manchester-square. Last Saturday five weeks, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was taking a suit of clothes to Dean's-yard, Westminster - and in Windmill-street this girl stopped me and asked me to go on an errand; I said if it was not far out of the way I would; she said she would give me 1 d. then, and a halfpenny when I returned; and to go to Goddard's in Wimpole-street, and ask for one Jones, and tell him she wanted him. She followed me to the top of Archer-street


, and said she would hold my bundle for me - I looked at her a good while, and she said,
"Oh, if you are afraid of my keeping it, don't let me hold it." I gave it her and went into the house, which is twenty yards off; I found Jones there, and told him the girl wanted him. I returned and she was off with the bundle, which has never been found. I saw her a month afterwards in the same dress, except her bonnet, and am certain of her, her voice is the same.


                  JOHN 
                  CHEW
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended her in Silver-street, Golden-square, on another charge; the boy recognized her immediately.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him or his things.



               GUILTY
             Aged 14.
There were seven other charges against the prisoner.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
