





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
804. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 6 pints of the essence of anchovies, value 13s.; 12 glass bottles, value 2s. 6d.; 3 pints of olives, value 3s. 3d.; 3 other glass bottles, value 9d.; 3 half-pints of soy, value 5s.; 3 other bottles, value 9d.; 24 packets of grotts, value 6s.; 3lbs. of isinglass, value 36s., and 1 basket, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               




             and others, his partners.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am in partnership with William Jones and others - we are in business as oil-merchants
, in Thames-street. On the 24th of March, about half-past four o'clock, I sent this property in a parcel, in a cart, to an inn, by Smith, our carman - I saw the same package at Guildhall on Monday, the 26th, when the prisoner was in custody.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a carman. I had this package to take to the White Horse Inn, Friday-street, but having other things to deliver at the Axe Inn, Aldermanbury


, I went there first - this basket was then safe, but while I went up the yard it was stolen out of the cart - I ran to the corner of Philip-lane, and found it on the ground - I stood by it till the prisoner was brought up, and charged with having taken it - he made no answer.


                  JOHN 
                  WALBURN
               



            . I am a carman to Mr. Holt, of the Axe Inn. I met Smith in the gateway, going down the yard, and when I got into the street I saw two or three men about the cart - I went up Addle-street, and saw the prisoner with this hamper on his back; I tapped him on the shoulder by Philip-lane, and asked where he was going with it - he threw it down, and ran away; I ran after him, crying Stop thief! Anderson stopped him, before I lost sight of him. I brought him back to the hamper, which Smith claimed.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I keep the Pitt's Head public-house, at Bermondsey. I was coming up Philip-lane about six o'clock, and saw the prisoner drop this hamper- he ran towards me, and I stopped him - he attempted to strike me.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWKES
               



            . I am packer to the prosecutors. I packed the articles stated in the indictment in this hamper, and directed it to Mr. Perkins, of Lymington, which direction is now on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
