






661. 
               
                  
                     RACHAEL 
                     LINGARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th of March
, one shawl, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Morton
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Ann his wife
            .


                     ANN 
                     MORTON
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Morton
               



            . On the 11th of March, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was in Back Church-lane


, and had a shawl on, the prisoners were arm in arm, with a man between them; they met me, I could not get off the pavement to make way for them, and Lingard hit me in the face, and knocked me down with her fist; I got up, and she struck me again, and took hold of me, and pulled the shawl off my neck; I held her fast by her cloak; the other stood by and assisted her, and all three struck me; she bit my arm and thumb, but I held her, and kept hold of my shawl after she pulled it off, but Lyons pulled it from me, and took Lingard's bonnet, and went off with it - I held her till the watchman came.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who was with you - A. My child; I went before the Justice next day, and charged them with a robbery, and assault; I was not bound over to prosecute them; I never sent to say I would have 20 l. to make it up.


                  MARGARET 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . The prosecutrix and her daughter had been to visit me; soon after they left the daughter returned and fetched me, I went, and saw Lingard take the shawl; I saw Lyons strike her; three of them attacked her together - she was bit in the finger and arm.
Cross-examined. Q. What is your husband - A. A farrier. The Justice said it was an assault.


                  THOMAS 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a watchman; I was on duty; a gentleman said I was wanted in Back Church-lane; I found Lingard in charge of another watchman - the prosecutrix said she had struck her, and robbed her of her shawl.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MORTON
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter,and was with her, the prisoners and a man between them, were walking together, we did not get off the pavement in time, Lingard hit her, and knocked her down, she got up, and they knocked her down again and hit her. I fetched Mrs. Johnson, and she found them still beating her; Lyons took her shawl off, she first pulled it off my mother's shoulder, and she and the man took it away; I went to lay hold of it, and Lyons knocked me down, and bit me - the watchman came and took her.
Cross-examined. Q. Did your mother fight - A. She tried to keep their blows off - the shawl was not taken till I returned with Mrs. Johnson.
LINGARD'S Defence. She pushed against me; I was rather intoxicated; she called me a prostitute, and took my cap off, and held me till the watchman came.
LYON'S Defence. I went away with the bonnet.
LINGARD - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 27.
LYONS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
