





2061. 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STROUD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 44 sovereigns, and 6 half-sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Singer
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH SINGER. I am a currier
. On the 15th of October, I went to Drury-lane Theatre, with a friend; I got tipsy - Stephens, the officer, took me to some watch-house, and I left there fifty-nine sovereigns in a bag, in the care of the inspector of the Police - I then had three or four shillings in my pocket; I met the prisoner that night, went home and slept with her, at No. 7, Earl-street


 - the next day she went with me to the watch-house, and waited outside, while I got my sovereigns, and took some things out of pawn for her; we then went up to the Regent's-park, and to the Zoological-gardens - we had something to eat and drink, and came home to her house again; Mrs. Lloyd was with us - I sent for two bottles of sherry, and one of port; Mrs. Lloyd saw my money - it was in a bed-room; Lloyd went home about ten o'clock - I then locked the door; the prisoner and Iwent to bed - she had put something into the wine, that made me rather drowsy; I did not see her do it, but I think there must have been something - I put my trousers under my head, with forty-seven sovereigns in them; in the morning about half-past six o'clock, a person came and called Charlotte - that awoke me, and when I roused up, my money was all gone, and my trousers were on the bed; I recollect her lying down the night before, but whether her clothes were off, I do not know - I was quite sensible when I put my money into my trousers pocket, and when I went to bed.
Prisoner. Q. Can you say that I took the money from you? A. I can only say that I locked the door myself; no one could come in, and it was half open in the morning - there was a lock on the door; there had been a padlock on it, and I told the landlord, if he did not put a proper lock on, I would not stay.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prosecutor one evening, tipsy at Drury-lane theatre; he stated he had a great many sovereigns - I took him down stairs, and gave him to two Police-constables.


                  SARAH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . My husband is a cabinet-maker. I went to the room where the prisoner and the prosecutor were; at half past eight o'clock that evening, the prisoner met me on the stairs, and asked me to go to her place; I did - there was some wine on the table; the prosecutor offered me a glass, and I drunk it - the prisoner then fetched a bottle of sherry; it was ten minutes past ten, when I came away - I saw the prosecutor have a bag of sovereigns, and he gave her half a sovereign, to fetch the wine; I said "You had better put your money into your bag, and take care of it" - I asked the prisoner her motive for giving him so much wine; she said, "That is to myself, Mrs. Lloyd; "I wished them good night, and when I came out, some one locked the door - the prisoner left me with him while she went for a bottle of wine- he gave me some wine to take to my husband, who was ill; I saw the prisoner offer the prosecutor a glass of wine, while he laid on the bed, which he refused for some time, but she urged it on him, and he took it - I saw the prisoner at Bow-street.


                  MARY 
                  CHERRY
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house. I saw the prosecutor in her room on Friday; and on the following morning about two o'clock, I saw the prisoner, who said she wanted something to drink, and asked me if I thought she could get it - I said I did not know, without it was at the watering-house: she said she wanted change for a sovereign, and she thought she could not get it there - she went away from my room, and went along the passage with a candle; I did not see her again, but in the morning I saw the prosecutor go out with two Police-men - the prisoner left me, I think, last Saturday three weeks.


                  SARAH 
                  ALLINGTON
               



            . I live in Church-street, Bethnal-green - my husband is a dealer in marine-stores. At six o'clock in the morning, last Saturday three weeks, the prisoner came to my place - I had seen her but once before; she came in a cabriolet - she came to take farewell of me, and said she was going into the country to her friends; I saw some gold in a paper, but I do not know how much - she said it was money which had been left her by her brother; she asked my advice as to what she should do - I advised her to clothe herself genteely, and go to service; I went with her, and purchased a purse and a variety of other things - she stopped with me till last Monday fortnight, and then went put out to take a walk; while she was gone I heard a person had lost some money - I was afraid it was her, and advised her to leave my place at night.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I took up the prisoner on Wednesday, the 21st of October, I believe - I found her in Shoreditch; I had heard of the robbery a few days before - I told her I was a Bow-street officer, and took her for taking the sovereigns from Singer; she was surprised, and said she knew nothing of it - I took her into a public-house, and found half a crown and some halfpence upon her; she said it was no interest to me to take her to Bow-street, and a friend of hers would let me have 5l. to let her go - I took her to the watch-house, and the next morning before the Magistrate; I asked what she had done with her luggage - she said it was gone to the Saracen's Head to go to Bristol, but from further inquiries I found her things at the Bell and Mackarel, Mileend-road; there was a bed, a blanket, a counterpane, some black stuff, some calico, a bonnet, and a veil which appeared new, or nearly so, a box, and two hat boxes - in the box was a phial with some stuff in it; I took it to a chemist's, and they said it was sugar of lead, and shewed me the effect of it on pewter - I only knew it was her box by what I was told.
Prisoner. Mrs. Allington's brother carried the things there - the stuff in the phial was for an inflammation; I could take you to the surgeon who gave it to me - Mrs. Allington knows who it was.


                  SARAH 
                  ALLINGTON
               



            . She went out one morning to get some medicine - my brother Philip went with her; I saw her bring in a small phial, and she took a tea-spoonful of the stuff - her box went from my place to the Bell and Mackarel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LIVERMORE
               



            . I took some things by the prisoner's directions, but I cannot tell the day.
The prisoner handed in a written defence, simply declaring her innocence.



               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
