





130. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CUNNINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, one pair of drawers, value 2 s. and one shirt, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Fencock
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of stockings, value 2 s.; one neck-cloth, value 1 s.; one handkerchief, value 2 s.; one book, value 6 d.; the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     



                  ; and one shirt, value 3 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Collins
                  



               
            .
MESSRS. REYNOLDS and BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  PETER 
                  FENCOCK
               



            . I am a baker
. I volunteered to go on board his Majesty's Ship the Harpy, at Sheerness. I went on board for about an hour, she was full, and we returned to town. Brown, Kipling, Croker, Rose, and Collins were with me. We came on board the Flying Fish boat called the Little Tender. We came up to the Tower


, and went ashore. I had a chest which I left in the Flying Fish. I returned next morning to fetch my things, and found my chest moved from the cabin to the deck, and broken open. The prisoner was one of the crew. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which were safe the day before. I fetched the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You had several men on board - A. Yes, the prisoner had not been there above a week.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was one of the men on board the Flying Fish. The prisoner was one of the crew which consisted of four - I had my things in a bundle - I took it ashore with me. On opening it I missed a new shirt - I had seen my bundle under the prisoner's legs the night before - I asked him for it - he pretended to be asleep. I found my shirt on his back at the office.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. On the 26th of October I went on board the Flying Fish, the prisoner and Holstock were on board, and in Cunningham's bed-cabin I found a false bottom newly laid down. I had it opened, and found the drawers, and check shirt; one pair of mitts; one pair of worsted stockings; one comfort; one black handkerchief, and one book. I took them to the office. Cunningham claimed the shirt the prisoner wore. I took it off.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shirt at Shields.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
