






443. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HATT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 20 lbs. ofwhalebone hair, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Smith
                  




               
            , to whom the said 
               
                  William 
                  Palmer
               



            , was servant
.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a whalebone cutter
, and live in Fell-street, Wood-street; Palmer was in my employ. On the 16th of January, about six o'clock in the evening. I went up to the top warehouse, and found a candle placed in a very dangerous situation, and placed so that it would not he seen at the window - I could find nobody there. I looked about, and just as I took the candle up, I saw Palmer peeping in at the window; he came in; I asked what he did out there - he was agitated, and made no answer. I ran down stairs, and went to the end of my premises; Simmons followed me. I went to the end of the yard, suspecting somebody was there, and that Palmer had been throwing something down to him. Hatt was trying to get over the pails at the end of the warehouse - he had been in the warehouse, and was getting back over a hoard, from the bottom of the warehouse. A house had been pulled down there. He was under the window at which Palmer came in; he was getting over into the street. We stopped him, and found two bundles of whalebone hair, weighing 20 lbs., over the board. I am sure it is mine, by the string round it; it had come from Hull, and is a particular sort of string.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was Hatt on your premises - A. He was off the premises. I did not see him on the premises, but he was under the window.
Q. Would a line falling from the window come upon him - A. No; he was about three yards from it, round the corner at the end of the warehouse; he could not see the window where he stood. It was not usual for me to go up stairs at that time. There was a small piece of glass broken in the window, but not sufficient for the hair to fall out.


                  RICHARD 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am in Mr. Smith's service. On the night in question, master came down stairs; I went into the street, and found Hatt getting over the board; the officer came up immediately. I got over the hoard, and found the hair. I had heard something fall as he got over. We had some of this description on the premises.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . I was coming by when Hatt came over the fence. I searched him, and found two latch keys on him. The hair laid inside the fence, where he came over. Simmons got over and picked it up.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



             re-examined. As Hatt got on the top of the board, we heard the hair fall down the hoard. I have twenty-two workmen; they were all in the bottom warehouse except Palmer, and all the hair is kept in the top warehouse. I could not miss it, having a quantity.
HATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PALMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Fined One Shilling
             and Discharged.
