





1258. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MIDGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, one bedstead, value 10 s.; the frame of a four-post bedstead, value 10 s.; one leather bag, value 3 s., and one sack, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Mitchell
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live at Tottenham


. On the 10th of September, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I missed these things from my back warehouse. When I came to town, the officer informed me that the prisoner was in custody - he is a shoemaker
 at Tottenham.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNNARD
               



            . I am an officer. About ten o'clock on the night of the 10th of September, I went to take the prisoner - I believe he was in bed, he came down. I told him I took him for stealing some property from Mitchell; he acknowledged taking it, and took me to an out-house adjoining his own house, where he had concealed it. Mr. Mitchell claimed it - he fell on his knees and begged him not to prosecute him.


                  HENRY 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I employed the prisoner to clear the warehouse out, and sent him out with a four-post bedstead; a few days after, I heard he had robbed my father.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENSON
               



            . I am a gardener, at Tottenham. I saw the prisoner take these things out of the place, and put them in a hay-cart; he said "Mr. Mitchell employed me to take them." It appeared two bedsteads tied up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The witness, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Mitchell
               



            , employed me to fetch his cart from the wheelers, after that he set me to clean the horse and cart to go to Barnet races, and to keep it a secret from his father; he said he would give me something handsome if I attended him on his return. He told me to keep the horse and cart out of the way till his father was gone; he then set me at different jobs, and asked me to buy one bedstead and to take another to another person, and told me to put them in the hay cart, and if his father met me I was to say I was going to take them to Murray's; he was in the habit of selling things unknown to his parents; he said they would not miss these; he used to pay people in furniture for work they did, unknown to his father.


                  HENRY 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . It is not true.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
