






1127. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, fifty pounds of lead, value 7 s., the goods of Our Lord 
                     
the King




                  , and fixed to a building belonging to him
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDGOOD
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Castle-street. East, Oxford-market. This lead was stolen from No. 7, Holland-street


; it was an empty house - and belonged to the Woods and Forests Office. On Sunday morning, the 16th of June, about half-past five o'clock, I was coming up Wardour-street, and saw Harris in company with another person, (not Stevenson) standing against the house in Holland-street. I passed down Wardour-street; Harris came to the corner and watched me. I went to St. Ann's watch-house, and got assistance. I returned in ten minutes with Foxhall and another; and in Berwick-street we saw Stevenson with this pipe on his shoulder, and thewater running from it; he saw us, and went down Maidenhead-passage; we went round and stopped him in Hopkins-court, with it. We asked where he got it - he made no answer. I locked him in the watch-house, and returned to the house, and found the door open. I left Foxhall in charge, while I fetched another officer. The door appeared to have been opened by a chisel; we found part of the lead stolen from the roof of the house, and the pipe gone. The prisoner had fifty-five pounds of pipe, which we compared, and it fitted in every respect, and must have come from that house. The water was all running about the place; Harris came next morning and brought Stevenson his breakfast. I said I had seen him against the house, and suspected he was concerned. I had seen them together before.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is Gook here - A. No. There is a warrant out against him by Mr. Parkins; he knows more than any officer in the job. It was half-past five o'clock when I saw Harris. I have seen him with pick pockets before. It was Sunday morning, and I was taking a walk.
Q. Do not you frequently go out to seek what you call a job - A. No. Stevenson said he knew where he got the lead from.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GILLON
               



            . I am the son of the watch-house keeper. Bidgood applied to me on Sunday morning; I accompanied him, about twenty minutes before six o'clock, round Berwick-street, and saw Stevenson with the lead pipe on his shoulder, and an apron round it, and the water running down his back; we went round Hopkins-court, and stopped him with it; he went down Maidenhead-passage; we took him to the watch-house. We then went to No. 7, Holland-street, and found the door ajar, wrenched by some instrument; the pipe had been taken from the passage running from the kitchen to the area; we fitted the pipe to the place, and a piece left in the wall fitted it; it weighed fifty six pounds. Bidgood asked him where he got it; he made no answer. He (Bidgood) then said, he dare say it came from No. 7, Holland-street; he said he knew where it came from.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHOWNER
               



            . I am a surveyor to the Land Revenue Department. The house No. 7, Holland-street, is the property of the Crown.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that it belongs to the Crown - A. I surveyed it for them.


                  JAMES 
                  GRANES
               



            . I am a saddle-tree-maker. I was in the house a few months before the robbery; the property was then safe, I believe.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOXHALL
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoners passed my beat about half-past four o'clock, in company, in the upper part of Dean-street. Bidgood afterwards came to the watch-house - I went with him, and took Stevenson with the lead. I saw it fitted to the house - it corresponded both by measurement, as also where it was broken off.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you saw them together at half-past four o'clock. I am positive.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
STEVENSON'S Defence. I had been to bathe in the Serpentine, and in coming home I went down Berwick-street; I observed this man and another put the lead on a doorway, and walk away very deliberately; I went up, and was putting it on my shoulder to take it to the watch-house, when these persons stopped me, saying I had stripped the house of the lead and a copper. They said at the watch-house that they stopped me at six o'clock - Gook, the constable, said it was half-past five o'clock, and put it down so.
HARRIS'S Defence. I can bring people to prove I did not leave the place I slept at till past five o'clock.


                  ELLEN 
                  QUIN
               



            . I live in Vine-court, Chandos-street; my husband is a shoemaker; but his sight is bad, and he does not work at present. Harris lodged with us. On Sunday three weeks, at a quarter past five o'clock in the morning, my husband let him out. He went to bed at ten o'clock.
Q. Are you sure it was a quarter past five o'clock - A. I am, for I was getting up, as I had lost the use of my limbs, and was advised to walk in the Park. We had locked the door at night, and kept the key.
COURT. Q. When was he taken up - A. Next morning. He sleeps on our second floor, and we in the front parlour.
Q. How came you to take particular notice of the time - A. I had some doctor's stuff to take every two hours, and was to take it at five o'clock, and I noticed the clock which is in our room, as I wanted to see how far I could walk, and promised to be in at seven o'clock; I got home by a quarter past seven. I was very exact with my physic - my husband walked out with me, as my foot was so bad. I could not walk without him.
Q. How came you to walk two hours with this bad foot - A. The doctor ordered exercise. I used to sit down in the Park.
Q. When did you know your evidence would be material - A. A person called on me last Monday week.
Q. Where did you walk to - A. I went as far as the bason in the Green-park. I wanted to see Lord Dundas's housekeeper. His house is by there. I was about an hour going to the bason - I sat there half an hour.
Q. Then you had not an hour to return - A. I came back quicker than I went. I felt stronger for my walk. I got home at a quarter past seven o'clock.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  QUIN
               



            . I live in Vine-court. The prisoner lodged with us. I let him out at half-past five o'clock; the quarters struck by St. Martin's clock as I opened the door. I always tell the time by St. Martin's clock; my wife was in bed or just getting up. She was ordered to walk on account of a rheumatic gout. We went to the basin in the Park.
COURT. Q. You always measure time by St. Martin's clock - A. Yes. It was nearly six o'clock when my wife was dressed.
Q. Did you meet any friend and sit down for half an hour - A. Oh no; we sat on one of the seats for a short time, and had some milk. We got back about seven o'clock - my wife is a very poor walker.
Q. Was your clock going at the time - A. I do not know.
Q. At what time did your wife take her medicine - A. Sometimes in the morning and sometimes in the afternoon, three or four times a day. She can walk between two and three miles an hour.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I live at the Crown and Punch-bowl, public-house, Rupert-street. On Saturday night I appointedto meet Harris at the corner of Holland-street in the morning, to go bathing. I went a little before six o'clock, and nobody was there.


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I live with Mr. Rainbow, of Oxford-street, hatter. On Saturday night, between nine and ten o'clock, Harris came, and asked me to meet him at half-past five o'clock, at the corner of Holland-street, to go and bathe with him, which I did, and he was not there. I got there at half-past five o'clock.
COURT. Q. Could he not call at your master's - A. I did not wish him. We were to meet Andrews there.
STEVENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
