





161. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 14lbs. weight of raisins, value 6s., and 14lbs. of currants, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Curtoys
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Curtoys
               



            ; and that, on the 6th of April, in the 7th year of His present Majesty's Reign, he was convicted of felony.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEAVER
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. John Curtoys and 
               
                  William 
                  Curtoys
               



            , grocers

, of St. John-street, Clerkenwell


. On the 12th of November they lost 14lbs. of plums and 14lbs. of currants, which were on a barrel when we went into the little parlour to dinner, at some distance from the door - when we came out they were gone; the officer brought them in again - they were in parcels, and were my masters'.
EUSEBIUS BEALE. I saw the prisoner four or five hundred yards from the prosecutors' shop on the 12th of November - he had a bundle, with one paper of plums and another of currants in it; I took him - he said they belonged to his master, and mentioned a name, which we could not find; we took him to Hatton-garden, went to several shops, and found the prosecutors.
JAMES TERRY. I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and another about a hundred yards from the prosecutors' shop; I watched them, and called Beale, but he did not come soon enough, and the other got away - we took the prisoner.
Prisoner. I made no resistance. Witness. He said he should not satisfy me about it - he was on his master's business.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Coppice-row, and a man asked me to carry the parcel to the Bull and Mouth - I was to have 6d.
BENJAMIN PHILLIPS. I have a copy of the record of the prisoner's former conviction; I took him on that occasion, and attended the trial - he had three months imprisonment.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
