






1480. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ARTHUR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Pitt
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  PITT
               



            . On the 7th of July, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was in bed; my landlady called me, and said that two boys had taken a silk handkerchief out of my hat, which stood on a box in the room; I dressed myself, and went out - I met Bain; I went on with her till I saw the prisoners, and she said they were the persons; I took them - they both denied it; I have never found my handkerchief.


                  AUGUSTA 
                  BAIN
               



            . My mother keeps this house. On the the morning of the 7th of July, I saw the prisoners come and look in at the shop window, while I was standing at the parlour door; they went away, and returned immediately - I am sure they are the boys; I had not seen them before - I saw Collins put his arm in, and take the handkerchief out of Mr. Pitt's hat; I told my mother - she told me to go after them; I did not see what they did with it - I am sure they were in company, and close together; I met Pitt near the Yorkshire Stingo, and went with him after the prisoners.
Prisoner Collins. Q. How can you swear I took it out of the hat? A. I saw you put your arm in, and take it; I can swear to you by your jacket, and your features.
Prisoner Arthur. Q.What do you swear to me by? A. By your features; I told Mr. Pitt you did not take the handkerchief, but was with the other.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRING
               



            . I am the officer. I was at the corner of Circus-street, and saw the prosecutor collar one of the prisoners; the other was going off, but I took him - they denied having the handkerchief: I asked where they had been that night, or what brought them out so soon in the morning - they said they were going to look for work; Collins said he had slept at home, but after I had locked them up I went to Collins' mother, who said she had not seen him for a week.
Collins' Defence. I met this young man at the corner of Stingo-lane; we came down Circus-street, and were going to look for work; the prosecutor and girl were standing there - the girl said, "I think that is one of the lads."


                  JAMES 
                  PITT
               



            . When I saw them in Circus-street, I said to the girl, "Be sure which is the boy who took the handkerchief;" she did not express any doubt that either of these were the persons she saw.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ARTHUR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
