





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1898. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MEARS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Homan
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RIBBENS
               



            . I am warehouseman to Francis Homan, wholesale shoemaker
, of Shoreditch


; the prisoner was apprentice
 to Brown, one of our journeyman, who works out of doors. On the 1st of October he brought some shoes from his master, and previous to his coming I had taken three pairs of shoes from another workman, and put them on a little shelf on the right hand; a few minutes after I was taking in more goods from a woman, and the prisoner came in unseen by me - I heard a noise where I had put the shoes, turned round, and saw his hand on the shelf; I asked what he was doing there - he then presented his master's work, saying he had brought that; I served the woman, then took his work, and gave him more - he was there about ten minutes; when he was gone I missed one of the three pairs of shoes off the shelf I had seen his hand on - I went about nine o'clock that night to his master's, in Bath-street, and charged him with it - he denied it.


                  THOMAS 
                  JUBB
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Homan. I found the shoes in pawn at Harris', Hackney-road, near the prisoner's master.


                  GEORGE 
                  HYAM
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris. On the 1st of October the prisoner pawned these shoes for 1s. 6d., in the name of Brown, Bath-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner - he said he had taken the shoes when he took the goods home, and pawned them in Hackney-road - I asked what he had done with the duplicate; he said he had torn it up, and thrown it away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
