





918. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HIGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard Hart 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 about nine o'clock at night of the 8th of September
, and burglariously stealing therein, one bed, value 50 s.; one bolster, value 7 s., and one coverlid, value 3 s., his property
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  COX
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hart
               



             Davis. These things were in the stable, which communicates with the kitchen. On the 8th of September the doors were all made fast - there was a broken pane in the stable window, through which a hand might be put, and the window unbuttoned. Three gentlemens' servants came to me about nine o'clock, I went to the stable with them, and found the bed, bolster, and pillow on the stairs, tied up ready to be taken away. They were kept in a room over the stable. I missed some blankets.


                  STEPHEN 
                  HOLDING
               



            . I am porter to the Earl of Radnor. I saw the prisoner and another man standing at the corner of Mr. Davis's stables. I had known him by sight for twelve months. Lord Sidmouth's coachman asked them what they wanted - the prisoner said he belonged to the premises, and began to pump at the pump; the other man said he came to fetch some things of the prisoner's away. The coachman told him to convince him that he had a right there to come to the Burlington Arms, as the people were there who knew the premises; the prisoner went to the corner, but would not go in. He referred us to the Green Dragon, in Swallow-street, where he said his coat and hat were. We went there, he took his coat off the bench, and went out with it, but without his hat. We afterwards went to the front of the house to warn the people, and found the prisoner in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ramsay, of Conduit-street. I heard the prisoner talk to Holding, and confirm his statement - they left me, and went with the prisoner to the Green Dragon. I then went to my stable in the same mews; I afterwards came out, and saw the prisoner coming up the street, he saw me, and made into the Burlington Arms - he was without his hat, but had his coat on then. I followed him into the yard, and saw him get on the parapet wall, and into the prosecutor's stable window. I called to him, he said he was going to sleep there. I said good night, then procured five men and a light, placed three at the back of the house, and took two with me to the front, and found him at the bottom of the stairs. The property was tied up, and his hat laid by the side of them - he claimed the hat. He said Lady Rumbold's coachman gave him leave to sleep there.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Did you know Lady Rumbold's coachman - A. Yes; Lady Rumbold's family had these stables once.


                  RICHARD 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am porter at the Green Dragon. The prisoner left his coat there, and said he should return in half an hour, which he did, without his hat, and said,
"Dick, I want you to move my boxes out of Old Burlington-street." He took me down the mews, the witness spoke to us, and he began pumping. I left with them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
