





1907. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TRIGG
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 4 loaves of bread, value 16d.; 10lbs. weight of beef, value 7s.; 14lbs. weight of mutton, value 8s.; 24ozs. weight of veal, value 1s.; 4lbs. weight of lard, value 2s., and 8ozs. weight of cheese, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Russell 
                  Ellice
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am housekeeper to Russell Ellice, who lives in Bryanston-square


. I saw all these articles safe in the larder on the 23d of September, at a quarter before one o'clock in the morning, and about eight o'clock one of the maids told me the larder was robbed; I went there and missed every thing - I went to the office and saw the articles, which appeared to me to be the same - I saw no difference in their appearance, except that the cheese was broken into pieces.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNER
               



            . I live in East-street, Manchester-square, and am a butcher; I serve Mr. Ellice. I saw some meat at Mary-le-bone-office, on the Monday, which I believe was what I had sent him on the Saturday.


                  JAMES 
                  DOUGLAS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of Sunday, the 24th of September, at a quarter-past five o'clock, I was in Upper Berkley-street, I heard the rattles spring; I ran and met the prisoner, whom I stopped; there was no one following him then, but I saw a person picking up the articles, which he had dropped; he asked me what I wanted with him; I said when he came back to the place where he had dropped the bag, he would know - he said if we had been as much in want as he had, we should have done the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  LOCKWOOD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 24th of September I saw the prisoner in Sovereign-street, about three hundred yards from Bryanston-square, with a bag on his shoulder; I arose up from the step of a door - the prisoner turned round, and spoke, but I could not see any one there but him; I went after him - he saw me, and made the best haste he could; I desired him to stop; he asked what for; I said I wanted to know what he had got in his bag - he then dropped the bag, and ran away - I sprung the rattle, and took up the bag; it contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  PETER 
                  HOLT
               



            . Lockwood left the bag with me, on Sunday morning, the 24th of September - I showed the contents of it to Mrs. James, at the office - I found a knife and chisel on the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up this bag at the corner of the street; I was going to take it home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
