





492. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 42 lbs. weight of stone blue, value 3l. 3s
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles David 
                  Zetterquist
               




             and another.
CHARLES DAVID ZETTERQUIST. I am a blue maker
, in partnership with my father; our manufactory is at theback of the premises in Collingwood-street, Blackfriars-road. On the 1st of February, about five o'clock, I sent Johnson, our servant, with a quantity of brown paper parcels, to deliver at several places in the City - the two which are stolen are worth three guineas.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the prosecutors' servant. On the 1st of February I had several parcels in a truck to deliver in the City, and near the end of Tower-street, Wing came up and asked if I had given any body a lift - I said I had not; he then asked if I had lost any thing, and on looking at the back of the truck I missed two parcels of stone blue, weighing 14 lbs. and 28 lbs: I left the truck in care of a gentleman, and followed Wing, and saw the prisoner in Fenchurch-street, walking with another young man, who had the parcels tied in a blue apron - that person escaped; the prisoner ran away directly he saw me come up - they both ran away - Wing pursued; I lost sight of the prisoner for about two minutes - he was stopped near the end of Seething-lane: I took the parcels out of the hand of the other man to see if they were mine, and he ran off; the prisoner was in that man's company - he said he had not taken them; the man also left his apron in my hand - it was not tied round him; the parcels were directed to the places I was to deliver them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WING
               



            . I am a waterman and lighterman, and live in Prince's court, Lambeth. On the 1st of February, about a quarter past six o'clock, I saw the last witness at the narrow end of Lower Thames-street


, dragging a truck - I saw the prisoner take one brown paper parcel out of the truck - he was alone then; I did not see the other taken: I followed the prisoner to the end of Rood-lane - he looked at me, and suspecting he had robbed the truck, I went and told Johnson, who missed two parcels; I bade him follow me, and just before I got to the top of Rood-lane I caught sight of the prisoner, with another young man - this was about two minutes after the parcel was taken from the truck; the other had then got the property - I told Johnson that was not the man who took it, but the prisoner was; the other man delivered the property to Johnson and walked away - I went after the prisoner, who ran away, and a gentleman caught him in turning the corner into Leadenhall-market, and he was secured.


                  JOHN 
                  JUDD
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner in charge at the watch-house, with the property, which I have had ever since.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I came out in the evening to take a walk - I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran, seeing other people running, and was stopped. I was taken to the watch-house half an hour before the charge was given; Wing and Johnson went out twice and consulted together, and at last gave the charge.
JOSEPH WING re-examined. I stated the case at the watch-house, but Johnson hesitated about giving the charge, as it might be troublesome to his master.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
