





1420. 
               
                  HARTY 
                  HENRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, a wooden case, value 2 s.; and twenty-four umbrellas, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wakeman
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Wake-man
               



            ; he is a carrier from Manchester to London
-he hada wooden case entrusted to his care, which I loaded on the waggon at Paddington, to go to the White-Bear, Basinghall-street, on the 14th of October, about three o'clock in the afternoon. I saw it at the Mansion-house about two or three days after; it had the same direction on then; as when I put it into the waggon,
"Mr. Abbott, of Shaftsbury" - 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morris
               



             drove the waggon.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I drove the waggon - I saw the case in the middle of the waggon between two large cases, and tied with ropes - we left Paddington about five o'clock, to go to the White-Bear, Basinghall-street - I did not miss the box till next day - I know that it was on the waggon when I was in Fore-street; I saw it again at the Mansion-house - I do not know where it was taken; I stopped at the corner of Moor-lane, Fore-street, and the package was safe then.


                  THOMAS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am warehouse-man at the White-Bear - I was there when Morris's waggon arrived; I examined it some hours afterwards, and the package was missing; it was entered in the book, but was not in the waggon.


                  ROBERT 
                  BENSON
               



            . I am agent to Mr. Wakeman, and live at the White-Bear - this case was received by our people, at Manchester, and invoiced to come to London by the canal - I did not know what it contained; but I saw it opened at the Mansion-house, and it contained umbrellas, with an invoice.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 14th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I and Hesketh were in London-wall; I saw a confusion with some people, and a man crossing the road; I ran after him, and when I got hold of him, I saw the prisoner about thirty yards before me, walking with a kind of trunk under a gas light; I went and collared him, and asked what he had got there; he said nothing, and threw it down - I took him to the Mansion-house - Hesketh took another man, but he was discharged. I afterwards opened the box, it contained umbrellas, and a bill of parcels, which I have in my hand - in consequence of the direction on the case, I went to the White-Bear, Basinghall-street, and found that it had been lost from there; he was going in a direction from Fore-street.


                  ROBERT 
                  HESKETH
               



            . I was with Forrester - I did not see him stop the prisoner, but assisted in conveying him to the Mansion-house with the package - I saw it opened, and the bill of parcels taken from it; he said a person had given it to him to carry; but he did not say who, or where he was to take it to.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man standing with his elbow on the case, and asked him if he was ill; he said he was very bad; and asked me to take the parcel to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, for 1 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
