





732. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               a burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Watkins
                     




                  , in the night of the 29th of March
, and stealing a pelisse, value 15 s.; two gowns, value 12 s.; a coat, value 12 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 6 s.; three petticoats, value 4 s.; two frocks, value 4 s.; a table cover, value 3 s.; a pair of sheets, value 10 s., and a bonnet, value 3 s.
            , his property.
THOMAS WATKINS. I am a cordwainer
, and live in Ball-yard, Golden-lane


. On the 29th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening. I was up in my workshop, and on coming down found the lock of my parlour door picked, and missed all this property, which was safe an hour before. The prisoner was a stranger.


                  ANN 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I fastened the parlour door about six o'clock, and went up stairs, leaving this property safe; it was worth above 3 l. I took the key with me; about ten minutes past seven I found the door wide open, and the property gone.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of March, between half-past seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was with Merry, and saw the prisoner come out of Charterhouse-lane, with a bundle - I turned to take him, as he passed me; he turned his head away; I followed, and he dropped the bundle; I pursued him up Peter's-lane - he took off his hat, and threw down two petticoats; I took one up; another person gave me the other: he ran off, but was stopped in my sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I was with Brown - his account is correct. I picked up the bundle containing this property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s., and not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
