





579. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one watch, value 4 l., and four seals, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Davey
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I live in Harley-street, and am coachman
 to Mr. Mitchell. On the 4th of February, about half-past six o'clock, I was coming from Tottenham-court-road


; at the corner of Portland-place and Devonshire-street I saw two men coming, one was about five yards behind the other - one caught hold of my arm, and the other pulled my watch out instantly and ran away. I called out Stop thief! the other came, took hold of my arm, and asked what he had done? I told him he had taken my watch, and broke from him. He said
"Come along, I can run faster than you, and I will catch him." He ran a few yards, and then tripped up my heels - I am sure he is one of the two - the other came up the instant I had lost the watch. I never lost sight of the prisoner till he was stopped at the corner of Weymouth-street.


                  JOHN 
                  MAUD
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant, and live in Portland-place, between Devonshire-street and Weymouth-street. I found the watch in the area on a Thursday, at the latter end of February, about nine o'clock in the evening - it had been thrown there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I was officer of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house by Oram, about half-past seven o'clock, Davey came down with him, and charged him with robbing him - he told the same story which he has now, and was quite sure the prisoner was one of them.
Prisoner's Defence. The man has sworn falsely.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
