





1062. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DACEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Lyndall
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 12th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 16 l. 16 s.; one seal, value 1 l. 1 s.; one key, value 1 s., and one ribbon, value 6 d., his property
            .

REVEREND


                  SAMUEL 
                  LYNDALL
               



            . I am a Dissenting Minister
. On the 19th of August, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Bishopsgate-street


, on my way home; a little below the church, on my right hand, I was suddenly stopped by the prisoner, who gave me a gentle push on the abdomen, and instantly snatched out my watch. I think the push was to withdraw my attention, and not to injure my person. The watch was gold, and worth 16 l. 16 s. He instantly ran up Catherine-wheel-alley, and I after him; the moment I called Stop thief! the officer was at the end of the alley, and secured him, without my losing sight of him. My watch was notfound. I am certain he is the person - there was a gang of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYRRILL
               



            . I am beadle of Bishopsgate. I was in Catherine-wheel-alley, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I placed myself across the passage, which is narrow, and the prisoner ran violently up the alley; I stopped him, the prosecutor came up instantly, and charged him with stealing his watch. I did not see the transaction, I only heard the scuffle. The prisoner said three others thrust him into the alley, and he was not the thief. I asked him why he ran away - he made no answer. I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by, three men laid hold of me, and shoved me up the alley - two ran down the alley, I ran after them to know why they did it, and the gentleman took hold of me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYRRELL
               



             re-examined. Nobody could run up the alley without my seeing them.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
