






461. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WAYMAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December

, 4 reams of paper, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Few 
                     Royle
                  



               
            , his master
; and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     FLINT
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FEW ROYLE
               



            . I had a large stock of paper,which I have been missing since November, 1825; when I spoke to Wayman about the roller, he told me, voluntarily, that Flint, who had formerly been a workman of mine, had asked if he could give him a little of my paper - he said Yes, and gave him at first five or six quires - he then asked if he could give him more, and he gave him ten quires, and it went on till he had given him in all four or five reams. We went on the 27th of December and took Flint; Schofield asked if he knew what he was taken for- he said, Yes, he had robbed me of four or five reams of paper, and had not been happy since; I have not recovered this paper.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he say he had robbed you? A. I beg your pardon - I did not mean to say "robbed;" I was rather agitated; his words were, I believe, that he had had four or five reams; he was five or six months in my service, at the factory where I colour paper, but could not get at this.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I apprehended Flint; I brought him to the bottom of the stairs, and said, "You are charged with receiving paper from Wayman, Mr. Royle's porter;" he said, voluntarily, that he was very sorry - he had received five reams, and paid him 7s. - he knew it to be worth 14s. - that he sold it at different places, and had never been happy since.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Mr. Royle hear this? A. He was talking at the time; I do not think he heard it as we were up nine or ten stairs.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I went to apprehend Wayman - he said Flint told him he was out of work, and asked him to give him a little paper to sell.
WAYMAN's Defence. My master promised to admit me an evidence if I would tell him.
MR. ROYLE. I did not - he told me no more than I was in possession of. I received information of it from an anonymous letter, from Mr. Gold, who afterwards came forward, but the Magistrate thought he need not be here.
WAYMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
FLINT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
