





1372. 
               
                  WILLIAM FRANCIS 
                  CHERRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, six yards of woollen cloth, value 6 l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wells
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William 
                        Onyon
                     



                  , his masters, in the dwelling-house of the said John Wells
            .
WILLIAM ONYON. I am in partnership with Mr. John Wells - we are woollen-drapers

, and live in Bishopsgate-street


. The prisoner was our porter
 - his business was chiefly in the cellar. I missed a piece of cloth, and sent for an officer, and while we were searching, the prisoner, (who had gone to dinner) returned, and came down; the officer searched him, and found about 5 l., a watch, seals, and a tab, or ticket, containing the number and price of a cloth - also five or six pawnbroker's duplicates; he fell on his knees, begged pardon, and said he had taken the cloth.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. He shewed great contrition? A. Yes. Mr. Wells, only, resides in the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found the tab; also five duplicates for cloth.He fell upon his knees, confessed the robbery, and seemed extremely sorry.
Q. When he begged for mercy was the cloth in sight? A. No. He said he had taken it, and pawned it at Sowerby and Upsall's, and the money he had, as well as the watch and seals, were the produce of it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  WITTY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Upsall, pawnbroker, of Barbican. On the 20th of August the prisoner pawned two yards and a quarter of cloth, for 21 s., and on the 26th two yards and three quarters, for 32 s.


                  JOB 
                  VALENTINE WATKINS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Sowerby, of Chiswell-street. I have three yards of cloth, pawned by the prisoner, on the 23d of July, for 24 s.


                  JAMES 
                  KILLINGWORTH
               



            . I am also shopman to Mr. Sowerby. I have three yards of cloth, pawned by the prisoner, on the 26th of August.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 29. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
