






1315. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WOODCOCK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, a purse, value 6 d.; two sovereigns, and three shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newton
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Jemima, his wife
            .


                     JEMIMA 
                     NEWTON
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Newton
               



            , of Chancery-lane - he is a land-surveyor
. I was in Covent-garden-market


 on the morning of the 3d of August, at half-past ten o'clock - my money was in a purse in a basket in my hand; the two prisoners pushed by me, who were close together; I did not see Green do anything, but I saw the purse in his hand immediately he passed me - the lid of the basket was not fastened down. Woodcock was close by his side. I took hold of Green by the coat, and said,
"You thief, you have stolen my purse:" he said he had not got it; I saw him slip it into the hand of Woodcock. I said I knew he had not got it, for he had given it away - he got from me, and ran across the market. I cried Stop thief! Woodcock ran in a contrary direction, down Southampton-street. Green was secured within about a hundred yards of the place. Woodcock was taken on the Friday following - I had sufficient observation of his person to speak decidedly to him. When I saw them at the office I was quite certain of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a green-grocer at Covent-garden-market. I saw the prisoners one on each side of Mrs. Newton - they were strangers to me, but I thought they were doing something wrong: I watched them and saw Mrs. Newton take Green by the collar, and while I was putting down a basket I had in my hand, he got from her, and ran across the market - Woodcock ran in another direction - I followed Green, and secured him. I saw Woodcock at Bow-street, and am quite certain he was the person I saw with Green at the time of the robbery.


                  GEORGE 
                  FURLONG
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Woodcock at the Black Dog, public-house, Whitechapel-road; I told him it was about a robbery in Covent-garden-market, with Green; he denied it. I found nothing upon him.
GREEN'S Defence. As I was going through the market the lady took hold of me, and said I had taken the purse; I am innocent.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WOODCOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
