







376. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SAWYER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 18 yards of woollen cord, value 5 l.; 18 yards of woollen stuff, value 5 l.; and 18 yards of woollen cloth, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  ; 40 lbs. of tea, value 10 l.; one hempen sack, value 2 s., and the sum of 1 l. 4 s. 9 d. in monies numbered, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Betts
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Aurelius John 
                           Drewe
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Burton
                        



                     
                  , privately in their warehouse
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the Prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am warehouseman
 to the prosecutors, who carry on business in the Steel-yard, Thames-street


. On Saturday, the 19th of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I left the warehouse safely locked up. I returned on Monday morning, at half-past six o'clock, and found the warehouse loft-door forced open; it was only fastened by a bit of wood. I then examined the warehouse, I found my desk forced open, a 5 l. and a 1 l. note gone, also 18 yards of woollen cord. I also found the till forced open, and 24 s. 9 d. taken. A chest of tea was broken open, and 40 lbs. gone, also a sack marked WW - we have a stock of these sacks. I saw a sack at Guildhall that day marked Slocock, we had some of that mark in the warehouse. The prisoner, Parsons, was employed by my masters about fifteen months previous, and Sawyer had been employed by us at Trigg Wharf, but not in the Steel Yard.
MR. 
               
                  AURELIUS 
                  JOHN DREWE
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Betts
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Burton
               



            . On the 21st of February I went to the warehouse, and discovered that there had been a robbery. A sack was found on the prisoner, which I have every reason to believe came from our premises, but we had missed none - we lost 40 lbs. of tea. The officer produced 36 lbs., and some had been spilt in the warehouse.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIELDING
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday morning, a little after seven o'clock, I saw the prisoners in company together in Coleman-street, they each had a bag on their shoulder, which I produce. I followed them, they both turned down London-wall - I followed them to Cripplegate-buildings, and heard them enquire for the White Horse, which was pointed out to them and they went in - I followed them, both went into a box on the opposite side to each other, and called for a pint of beer - nobody else was in the room. I asked the prisoner, Sawyer, what he had there? he said it was no business of mine - I said I would see what it was; he said it did not concern me. I shewed my staff, he then said,
"Sit down and make yourself comfortable, we will make it all right with you." I said I wanted nothing to be made right, but to know where they had the bags from. He said he had some corded stuff for breeches in it, and that he had bought it at Manchester, but he had got no bill - I said that would not satisfy me. He said,
"Sit down and make yourself quiet, for 1 l. is as well in your pocket as it is in another person's" - they both said they would give me 1 l. to let them go about their business. I said I did not want their 1 l. notes, and asked Parsons what was in his bag? he said it was chaff, I am sure he said so. They told me not to talk so loud, and offered me 2 l. to let them go. I secured them both with the bags, and took them to the Compter, One bag was marked WW, and contained 36 1/2 lbs. of tea, the other, marked Slocock, had woollen cord in it. I found 1 l. 4 s. 9 d. on Parsons, but no money on Sawyer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WM. TURNER. I am clerk in the house of Messrs. Fryand Co.; we sent a quantity of tea to the prosecutors. I compared the tea found on the prisoners with that in the chest - in my judgment it is the same.
PARSONS'S Defence. I was walking through Bow-lane on Sunday morning, and met Sawyer; we met a man in Thames-street loaded with these bags, he asked if we wanted a job? we said we did not work on Sundays - he offered us 1 s. to carry it to the White Hart.
SAWYER'S Defence. I have nothing further to say. I did not know he was an officer, and did not like he should take them from us.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIELDING
               



             re-examined. They said nothing about being employed to carry them.
PARSONS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
SAWYER - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing, but not privately.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
