






1495. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June

, 1 powder-flask, value 6s.; 1 shot-belt, value 1s.; 1 fishing-rod. value 7s.; 24 knives, value 1l., and 24 forks, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Ebenezer 
                        Benham
                     



                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute
            .


                  EBENEZER 
                  BENHAM
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live at Uxbridge



, in Middlesex. I have missed a variety of articles and money for a long time; Biggs had worked for me several years - I had turned him away on the Saturday previous to the 26th of June; Rose lived nearly opposite: one of the witnesses and Biggs had a quarrel in the Market-place, and the word 'Thief' occurred - the witness said,"I am not the thief;" this led to inquiry, and some articles were brought to me.


                  CHARLES 
                  BENHAM
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutor. I went to where this powder-flask and shot-belt were, and got them; I know them to be my master's - they were new, but have been used by the person who bought them.


                  GEORGE 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I live with my sister, who keeps a public-house. I bought this shot-belt and powder-horn of Rose - I gave 3s. for the horn, and 2s. for the belt; it was a few months ago: he told me they had been used once, and the powder-horn was bruised - I know Biggs by sight.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I saw Drinkwater buy the shotbelt of Rose.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASSER
               



            . I used to work for Mr. Benham -Biggs used to work in the shop; I saw him take two sets of knives and a tea-pot out of the shop, but I do not know that he took them off the premises - it was six or seven months ago; he likewise took a fishing-rod - I cannot say whether it was at the same time.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at Uxbridge. Six or seven months ago I was in a public-house, and Biggs, who was there, said he had been to Ryslip, and had been raffling with six others for these knives and forks at 1s. a piece, and he had got them for 1s., - he offered them round, and I asked what he wanted for them - he said 5s., and I bought them; there are knives and forks of the same appearance sold about, at that price - I did not know he was in Mr. Benham's service, but as soon as I heard that Mr. Benham had been robbed, I went and asked if these were his - he said they were.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How came you to go to Mr. Benham? A.Because Drinkwater said he bought this powder-horn and shot-belt, which were Mr. Benham's.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I bought this dozen of knives and forks and this tea-pot of Biggs, six months ago, for 3s. 6d.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BIGGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROSE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
