







1148. 
               
                  FRANCES, THE WIFE
 OF 
                     
                        THOMAS 
                        
                        HOWARD
                     









             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BEARMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July

, two towels, value 2 s.; three napkins, value 1 s. 6 d.; and five knife-cloths, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Woolley 
                        Simpson
                     



                  ; a silk net, value 1 s.; two dresser-cloths, value 5 s.; a handkerchief, value 3 s., and a chair cover, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stoneham
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
MRS. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am the wife of William Woolley Simpson. The two female prisoners were my servants

 - Bearman has lived with me about three years, and Howard about six months. These articles were brought to my house by the officer last Saturday morning - they are my husband's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have these two women lived with you some time - A. Yes; I had no reason to suspect them.


                  THOMAS 
                  STONEHAM
               



            . I live with Mr. Simpson; he is a surveyor and auctioneer. I saw this property brought to his house on Saturday.


                  JOHN 
                  DANCE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 9th of July I was on duty at Chelsea, and met the prisoner 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Howard
               



            , with a basket and a bundle in his hand - I stopped him, and asked what he had got there; he said he did not know. I said,
"Let me see what it is" - I took the basket from his shoulder, and opened it: it was about twelve o'clock, he was about two miles from Mr. Simpson's house. I found a bundle of linen, and some bread and beef in the basket. I took him to the watch-house, and searched him and the bundle: I did not make him any promise or threat - he said that his wife had given him the things; that she lived at Little Chelsea, with Mr. Simpson, and that he said he was going to the Old Kent-road, which I suppose is two miles and a half from there. I went next morning to Mrs. Simpson, who identified the property.
Cross-examined. Q. Then he told you at once where he got them, and it turned out to be all true - A. Yes. When I opened the bundle of linen I said,
"Did your wife give you this?" he said,
"No, the old cook put that into the basket" - that he was in the habit of going to the house at all hours, and never was stopped before.
MRS. SIMPSON re-examined. Q. What time did you go to bed on the night of the robbery - A. Not till about two o'clock in the morning. I did not know of his calling, but I heard the door open, and enquired of some of the servants (not the prisoners) what it was.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I apprehended the two female prisoners; Bearman was on her knees; begging mercy of Mr. Stoneham - I told her to get up, and asked her what was the matter; she said it was all her doings, and that 
               
                  Frances 
                  Howard
               



             (who was present) had nothing to do with it. I said I supposed she knew of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Howard
               



             being taken - she said she did not: I said,
"He was taken into custody last night, on suspicion of taking things from this house" - she said she had given him the things herself; for him to take care of for her. I asked what they were; she said, one or two knife-cloths, she believed a couple of tea-cloths, and one or two printed pieces of cotton - she was too much agitated to tell me more. I had held out no promise or threat to her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BEARMAN'S Defence. It is my first offence, and I hope you will forgive me.


                  FRANCES 
                  HOWARD
               



            'S Defence. I know nothing of it but what she has said. I had a good place, and should have kept it.
FRANCES HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Confined Three Months
            .
BEARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Confined Two Years
            .
THOMAS HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
