





2041. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PULLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 3 live pigs, price 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harmer
               




            .
SAMUEL HARMER. I am the son of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harmer
               



             - she lives in Ann-street, Globe-fields


; she lost five pigs out of her yard, and three of them were found on the 18th; I went that day to the prisoner, who lives a few doors from Davis, the last prisoner; I told him I had lost some pigs - he said he had two, and after some altercation he let me in, and shewed me one, which was one of my mother's; I then went on to Davis, and this prisoner either came or was brought there - I then said, "Perhaps Pullen will let me go back to his house" - he said Yes; we went back, and I saw my mother's three pigs there, in a temporary sty, but I think they must have run from under the boards; it was like magic to me - I said, "As I have found them I shall take you into custody;" they had been lost at two separate times, on the 14th and 16th.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I was present; the pigs were found just as the witness has described - I saw them come from a sort of concealed place under the boards.



                  JOHN 
                  PURSER
               



            . I was present when the pigs came from the cellar, and there were a number of tools found, which a poor man had lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take them with an intent of stealing them - they came into my house, and I kept them in my back room; they came at half-past six o'clock in the evening, while I went to get a pail of water - I inquired if any body had lost them, and could not find any one who had; on the Sunday the prosecutor came, and I shewed him one - he said it was not his: he went to Davis', and I followed him - the officer, who was there, asked him if he had seen his pigs; he said No - I said I had another pig; he went to see it, and then identified them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
