





1191. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, two shirts, value 10 s.; two table cloths, value 5 s.; two sheets, value 7 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s., and one towel, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hibbert
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HIBBERT
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Hibbert
               



            , a stonemason
. On the 16th of August, about two o'clock, I left these things in a clothes basket, in our drying-ground, at No. 5, Bentinck-street, Vauxhall-road


. I went to the next house, and in the mean time there was a great bustle in the street - I heard a cry of Stop thief! several times, looked round to my right, and saw a man coming down with a black bundle under his left arm; he ran into Douglas-street, and there I lost him - I went into my yard, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. I went out and met Lawrence leading the prisoner by the collar, and bringing back a bundle, which I suppose to be the one I saw him pass my door with; it contained my property, we took him to Queen-square - he must get over two walls to take them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I was at my door, No. 30, Rochester-row, Westminster, heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran through my passage into Cobourg-row, and stopped the prisoner with a bundle of linen under his left arm; he said "For God's sake, let me pass." I took him back to the prosecutrix, and then to Queen-square.
Prisoner. Q. I said, "There goes the man who stole the thing" - A. There was another man a-head of him, but he had the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POUCHER
               



            . I saw him running with the bundle, and Lawrence take him with it. I saw him turn down by the hospital into Rochester-row.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
