





Before Mr. Recoder.
694. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     YATMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, two pewter pots, value 18 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Speedy
                        



                     
                  , one pewter pot, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Simpson
                        



                     
                  , and one pewter pot, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Baldock
                  



               
            .


                  PETER 
                  SPEEDY
               



            . I keep the Boot, public-house
, in Cromer-street, Judd-street. I lost two pots. I served the people of the house in which the prisoner lived. Since Christmas I have lost pots to the value of 7 l.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I keep the Dolphin, public-house
, Tunbridge-street, New-road. One of the pots are mine.


                  GEORGE 
                  BALDOCK
               



            . I keep the Nightingale, public-house
, Alpha-cottage, nearly three miles from the other houses. This other pot is my property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I went with a search warrant to the prisoner's room, No. 19, Wood-street, Cromer-street, to look for other articles. She lodged in the front parlour. I found a chest of drawers; one drawer was locked. I insisted on its being opened. she hesitated, and at last opened it with a key, and put herself down to try to conceal something, she took hold of a pint pot trying to conceal it. I found another quart pot and two pints, each wrapped in separate cloths; they had the names and signs of the houses, all on them. There was wearing apparel in the drawers.
(Property produced and sworn to).

Prisoner's Defence. I have two lodgers. I went out to wash for three days, and in the evening they came home dreadfully in liquor. I knew nothing of the pots being there. The partition to the drawers does not meet half way, so that they could put any thing there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
