






Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1315. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARLOW
               




             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, 1 clock, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis Anthony 
                        More
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CORK
               



            . I carry out beer from Lord's cricket-ground. On the 6th of July, a little before five o'clock, I was in Grosvenor-row, and saw Barlow and another young man coming down the road - I turned round to look at some pots I had left on a wall, and saw Roberts come over Mr. More's iron garden fence, into the road, Barlow and the lad then went down the road, and the lad took something over the fence where Roberts had come from - I could not see what it was; the fence is six or seven feet high: he got up and reached it over, and handed it into Barlow's hand; Roberts had then got some distance up the road - they followed him: I went down to Mr. Hall, who lived in Grove-end-row, and told him - I then went and rang the prosecutor's bell; the servant came to the door: I then went up the road, and saw Benns standing in Hall's-place; we went up the road together, and saw three men standing in a field together; I was some distance from them; Benns got up first - I went up, and found Barlow in his custody, and knew him - I took him to the house, and then to the office. Roberts was brought into Mr. More's; I knew him also - the third man was not taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNS
               



            . I live in Princes-street, Lisson-grove. Cork came to me - I went up the Abbey-road, into Kilburn-fields, and saw the two prisoners and another at the corner of the field, together, and the timepiece laying between them, partly tied up in a handkerchief; on seeing me one of them took it up, and threw it into a ditch - I think it was Barlow; they set off running, and I after them; Barlow threw himself into a ditch - I took him out, and brought him to Mr. More's house; I am certain of Roberts - I was close to him, but could not take both.


                  CHARLES 
                  STRONG
               



            . I live in Harper-street, Lissongrove, and am carter to Mr. Johnson. I heard a cry of Stop thief! I was in a brick field, and saw Roberts running; I pursued, and took him; I said I thought he had robbed somebody; he said he had not. I took him to Mr. More's, by the people's direction.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITNELL
               



            . I am a well-digger, and live in Upper Boston-place, Mary-le-bone. On the 6th of July, about five o'clock, I met Roberts, alone, in Grove-end-road, going towards Abbey-road - I said nothing to him. About twenty or thirty yards behind him I met Barlow and a young lad; Barlow had something in his left hand, covered with two handkerchiefs: when they passed me I looked and saw four brass nobs at the bottom of it - it was a time-piece. I met the witnesses, and gave them information; I went with them to a field. and saw the two prisoners and another: I saw Barlow put the time-piece into the ditch - they ran away. I got the time-piece up, took it to the prosecutor's house, and gave it to Buckeridge. I did not see them taken.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer of St. Mary-le-bone. I received the prisoners in charge, with the time-pices, in Lisson-grove.
MR. FRANCIS ANTHONY MORE. I live in Grove-end-road


. I went out on the morning of the 6th of July, and returned about half-past six o'clock - the prisoners were then in custody. There is a party-wall comes up to the iron fence; the clock could be placed on that, and reached over - it is mine, and worth 10l. or 12l.; it was in thefront room on the ground-floor when I went out; the window and gate are generally shut.
BARLOW's Defence. I had been asleep for an hour before I was taken.
ROBERTS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
BARLOW - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
