





415. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRANDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, a shift, value 3 s.; a pair of stockings, value 8 d.; and a quilt, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Clark
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of boots, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Foy
                        



                     
                  ; and a pair of shoes, value 3 s., and a pair of stockings, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lawler
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Clark
               



            ; we live in Peter-street, St. James's


. I missed this property. The prisoner came to lodge with me on Monday, and on Friday evening I left him sitting by the Kitchen fire, and went out; returned in twenty minutes, and he was gone. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I had left to air on a line in the kitchen. When he was taken, a pair of stockings and boots were found on his feet, which are part of the property.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I met the prisoner in Lambeth-street, on the 20th of December, with the boots on his feet, and gave him in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOY
               



            . I lodge in the same room, and went to bed at six o'clock, and when I awoke I missed my boots, which I had just pulled off - he was taken with them on his feet.
(Boots produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  LAWLER
               



            . I missed some stockings off the line, and my shoes from under the bed. I was out at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I received him in charge, and tookthe boots off; but he had no other stockings. He said he had sold the rest of the things in Petticoat-lane, for 2 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
