





143. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DOWSETT
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               embezzling, on the 19th of June
, two half-crowns, and 5 s.
            

MR. BUTTRESS. The prisoner was in my service, and received money for me.
JOSHUA RAWLINGS. I am in the prosecutor's employ asweaver. I bought a piece of silk of my master, and was to pay him by instalments of 10 s. out of every piece of work that I took home; it came to 6 l. 13 s. 8 d. I took work home on the 19th of June, and the money I was to receive was laid down on the counter. I had had an advance before; the prisoner put down 2 l. 13 s. 4 d. on the counter; I said you will take the 10 s., meaning for the silk, I owed nothing else, and he took up 10 s. I can swear there was one half-crown among it.
Cross-examined. Q. You said take the 10 s. - A. Yes. I have a memorandum of the payments, which he made at the back of the bill. Here is an entry on the 19th of June of 10 s.


                  THOMAS 
                  ESCREET
               



            . The prisoner never accounted to me for this 10 s. I have the accounts in his writing.
Cross-examined. 
               Q. 
            Is there an account of any 10 s. being paid - A. Yes, on the 28th of August, which is the first sum. When he was discharged, he was requested to make out his balance; he made out a balance of 68 l.; there then appeared a deficiency of 13 l., which he acknowledged he had applied to his own use; he was discharged on the 25th of October. The amount of his deficiences is 800 l.


                  JOSHUA 
                  RAWLINS
               



             re-examined. The piece I was paid for on the 19th came to 7 l. 13 s. 4 d. I had received 5 l. in advance.
Prisoner. Q. What had you drawn on the work you were on at the time I left - A. two pounds, that is not the piece in question. I always came for advances on Saturday. The 19th was Wednesday.
Prisoner's Defence. If Rawlings's account, in folio 136, is examined, it will be found that no deficiency whatever occurs, though it may not appear in the amount of 10 s., it appears as 20 s.; he acknowledges receiving 2 l. on the work he was on when I left, and 3 l. is entered, and the extra 1 l. is designed to cover what is stated in the bill; it was not entered at the time through the great pressure of business.


                  THOMAS 
                  ESCREET
               



            . He has not accounted for the 10 s. I entered this 1 l. in the account myself to balance it. I am certain he never brought this 10 s. to account.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
