





464. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 4th of February
, two table spoons, value 40 s.; and three tea-spoons, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Harwood
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  FRANCIS SIRKS
               



            . I am a vellum binder. On the 4th of February I was at work in Mr. Harwood's back-shop in Fenchurch-street


, and about a quarter past five o'clock. I heard a noise on the stairs - I opened the door leading to the passage, and saw the prisoner just going out at the street door - I could not see whether he had any thing - he pulled the door after him - I opened it and ran out, calling Stop thief - he was stopped - I came up directly - I only lost sight of him while he turned into Rood-lane - he went at a quick pace - I took him back to the house, but found nothing on him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you see his features sufficient to swear to him? A. Yes, as he turned from the door I had a side view of him and his dress - he was stopped in less than a minute after he left the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  LA ROCHE
               



            . I was in Rood-lane between five and six o'clock, and heard a cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner running down the lane from Fenchurch-street - he was the first of those who ran - I tried to stop him, but he struck at me and passed - I followed him to the top of Idol-lane and took him, and on the spot in the road I found some spoons, which I took to the house - the constable had them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was in Mr. Warner's yard in Rood-lane, and saw the prisoner run by the yard. I saw the two silver spoons on the ground and picked them up. I took them to the prosecutor's house.


                  ELIZA 
                  MORAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. John Harwood - I went over the way for three or four minutes, and left the door ajar, and on returning I heard mistress speaking to somebody, and as I turned into the kitchen I saw a man run down stairs - the kitchen is up stairs.


                  JOHN 
                  JUDD
               



            . I am an officer. The spoons were given to me in the presence of Mr. La Roche and Mr. Williams - here are two table, two desert, and three tea-spoons, two of them are pewter.


                  LUCY 
                  GRIMES
               



            . On the 4th of February, between five and six o'clock, I was passing from the parlour to the kitchen in the prosecutor's house, and saw some one gliding up stairs - I said, "Who is that?" twice or thrice, but received no answer - the prisoner came down at last and said, "Do you know Mrs. Cooper?" I looked at him and said, "You know she does not live here, you are a thief," and at that moment I saw the spoons in his hand - he struck me and ran down stairs. I hallooed out, and in a short time I heard he was taken. I went into the shop and saw him, and said, "You should not have struck me," he said he did not strike me. I heard him drop one spoon on the stairs. I am sure he is the man - the light of the kitchen fire shone in his face.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 19. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
