





First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Baron Vaughun.
1597. 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  BYRNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, 1 pair of half-boots, value 7s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s; 1 frock, value 4s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 hat, value 3s., and 1 watch, value 3l.; the goods of 
                     
                        Timothy 
                        Bradley
                     



                  ; and 1 cloak, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Fitzgerald
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
TIMOTHY BRADLEY. In July last I lodged at David Fitzgerald's, in Back rents, Rosemary-lane


; the prisoner slept in the same bed with me for two or three nights; only us two lodged there. On Thursday night, the 10th of July, I went to bed about ten o'clock, before him; I left the articles stated in the indictment by the side of my bed - I hung the watch by the bed side; I went to sleep directly, and do not know whether he came in that night, I slept so sound: I was awoke about four o'clock in the morning - it was light then; I looked round, and all was gone except my shirt, which I had on; I came down stairs, and told the landlady; nobody but the prisoner had any business in the room; I had closed the door, but not locked it; there were other lodgers in the house; my things are worth 5l.; I gave 3l. 10s. for the watch six years ago.


                  MARY 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . My husband rents this house; the prisoner and Bradley lodged there - the prisoner had lodged there for a month, and came back on the Saturday night - I saw him go up stairs on this night - he had his supper, and asked for a light to go to bed between ten and eleven o'clock; I went to bed after eleven, and was the last person up: I had not been in bed above two minutes before I heard the prisoner come down stairs; I asked who it was - he said it was him; I asked where he was going - he said "To the water closet, and I shall be up again presently.
"I listened a long time to hear him come in, not hearing the door close, as it is a spring lock; the water-closet is out in the court, out of the street-door; I did not hear him come in again; the court communicates with Rosemary-lane, and he could get away; I got up, and found the door wide open, I shut it, and went to bed, without going to Bradley's room - Bradley called me about four o'clock in the morning, and asked about his clothes.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the night of the 10th of July, about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock, the prisoner came up to me with a bundle by Whitechapel church, which is about half a mile from Rosemary-lane; I asked him what he had got in the bundle; he would not answer me, and I detained him; he said there was a coat or waistcoat, or something, and that he was moving them for a friend; I untied the bundle, and saw the shoes, which were wet, a waistcoat and pantaloons; I took him to the watch-house - there was a woman's cloak and a hat; Fitzgerald claims the coat; the property was tied in it; here is a hat and night cap; the prosecutor has got his clothes on; there was a pair of half-boots, a pair of stockings, trousers, and a smock frock in the bundle, and a silk handkerchief: the prosecutor has worn them ever since, as he had no others.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



            . I was officer of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with the bundle; I gave the prosecutor his clothes to put on; I should think them worth about 30s., and the watch 35s. - I found that next morning under the prisoner's arm, between his coat lining.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 45.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
