






551. 
               
                  
                     ARTHUR 
                     LANGFORD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CORNERY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, one axe, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Hussick
                  




               
            .


                  HUGH 
                  HUSSICK
               



            . I am a sawyer
, and work at Mr. Lepenze's, in Shoreditch


. I left work at eleven o'clock in the morning of the 8th of February, returned at half-past one, and missed the axe from the saw-pit, I found it next day at Mr. Middleton's gateway - the officer told me to look there for it.


                  HENRY 
                  DYALL
               



            . I am a ribbon-weaver, and live in Cumberland-street, Shoreditch. I was about thirty yards from the saw-yard, and saw the prisoners come by the yard towards me - they had nothing with them then. Cornery stopped near me, Langford went back towards the yard. Cornery said
"Go it!" I had hardly turned round before I saw Langford come out of the yard with the axe; they ran away. I went to Lepenze's, and described them. I saw them next day at the office, and knew them again.


                  CHARLES 
                  ALDERMAN
               



            . I was at the end of Cumberland-street, and saw Cornery standing by the gate, Langford went into the yard, and brought the axe out; I ran after them, but they got away. I saw them next day at the office, and knew them again. I heard Cornery say
"Go it!"


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am an headborough. I apprehended the prisoners on the 8th of March. Langford said the axe was concealed in Middleton's gateway.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CORNERY'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
LANGFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
            .
CORNERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Common Sergeant.
