






537. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HUMPHRIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
, 1 sow, price 4l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Langman
                  




               
            .


                  MARK 
                  LANGMAN
               



            . I live at Deptford


. This sow was kept at the back of my house; I have had it about a year and a half - I had seen it half an hour before I missed it; the front door was open, and it ran into the street - the last time I saw it it was in my back yard; it was missed on Friday, the 30th of January, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning - I immediately went to Smithfield, and just before eleven I saw it coming into the market; the prisoner and a little boy were with it, they were leading it with a string to its leg; I went to an officer, and then went and charged the prisoner with stealing it; he said he was hired by a drover to take it to the market and sell it for 4l.; he afterwards said the drover was to come to China Hall public-house, to meet him - the officer went to the China Hall with him, but no drover came; the boy was about fourteen years old - I know the boy very well, he bears a very good character.


                  JOHN 
                  FREE
               



            . I am a constable of Smithfield-market. The prosecutor came to me; I took the prisoner in charge with the sow, which he was leading with a string tied to the leg; the prisoner had hold of the string, and said the sow was given to him by a man on the Deptford-road, to bring to Smithfield-market, to sell for 3l., and he was to meet him at China Hall, Deptford-road; I took him there, and waited from half-past three o'clock till five, but no man appeared.
Prisoner's Defence. On Friday morning, about half-past six o'clock, I was looking for work, and met a man in High-street, Deptford, who I knew by sight - he asked if I would earn 4s. by going to London for him; I said Yes - he said, "Take my sow to Smithfield-market, and sell it for 3l. 10s.;" I went home to breakfast - he said he would bring the sow to me after breakfast - he met me in Lower-street with the sow, which had a string tied to its leg; I could not get it on, and asked a boy to help me; the man gave me some bread and cheese - I left him at China Hall; I was to meet him there at four o'clock - I knew nothing of its being stolen; if the man had not known I was apprehended he would have met me; I did not say he was a drover, but that I asked a drover in the market where I was to take the pig - I said I only knew the man by the name of John; a gentleman at the house said a man of that description used to come there, but they had not seen him for two months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
