





302. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, thirteen shirts, value 3 l.; twelve neck-handkerchiefs, value 12 s.; three nightcaps, value 1 s.; five pairs of drawers, value 5 s.; three pairs of stockings, value 3 s.; and five pairs of socks, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Sedgfield
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Groberty
                  



               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a horse patrol of Bow-street. On the 17th of December, about a quarter past ten o'clock at night, I stopped the prisoner by Hounslow-heath, with a large bundle, and asked what he had got? he said it was his own. I said,
"What is it?" He said, three or four old shirts, a pair of shoes, and breeches. I looked at it and said there were no shoes; he said he had sold them for 2 s. 6 d. I said,
"Here is no breeches, but a pair of drawers stuffed full of something." I let him go on a few yards - he then ran away - I followed and secured him, and found the articles stated in the indictment, in the bundle. He said he bought them of a man in Petticoat-lane. I asked if the shirts were marked; he said No. I found that they were. He then said his brother gave him five of them, and the rest were his brother's, whose name was 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               



            . The initials were S. S. He then said they belonged to S. Sommers, his brother-in-law.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SEDGFIELD
               



            . This property is mine. I packed it up in a box, and sent it to the Swan inn, Holborn-bridge, on the 16th, to go to Devizes.


                  EDWARD 
                  PECKHAM
               



            . I am clerk at the Swan inn. I sent this box by the waggon on the 16th, in the evening.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
