





1021. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BIDDLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 2 saddles, value 7s.; 2 bit halters, value 5s.; part of a bridle, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of hames and traces, value 2s. 6d., and 1 breeching and cruper, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Buckingham
               




            .
FRANCIS BUCKINGHAM. I live at Hendon


. On the 7th of May I had a harness in my stable; I know these articles are my property; I had not missed them till I was told of it on Monday morning last.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TILYARD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. On Monday morning I went to the barn and saw the back door open, which I had left locked the night before; I then went to the stable and missed this harness, which was safe the night before.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEMAN
               



            . I keep a sadler's shop in Edgware-road. On Monday morning last I came home and found some harness in my shop, which I was told two men had brought - soon after the prisoner and another young man came into the shop; I told them I was afraid it was stolen - the other said it was not, and he would fetch the person he got it of; I said I must detain it - I fetched the constable, and as we came back we met the prisoner coming out of my house, and he was taken; the harness is rather heavy, but one man might have taken it.


                  JOHN 
                  PINDER
               



            . I am a constable. Hazleman fetched me - I went and took the prisoner back to the shop; I asked if he got the harness honestly - he said Yes, and his partner was gone to fetch the person who sold it - we staid a long time, and he did not come; I said I must take him to the watch-house - he then said he would tell me where he got it - at Mr. Buckingham's the night before - he had said before, that he bought it at a sale on Barnetcommon about three weeks before - I locked him up, and went to Mr. Buckingham.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
