





First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1354. 
               
                  MARY POTTER 
                  CLARK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hartley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY HARTLEY. I live in Denmark-street, Soho, and am a draper
. On the 20th of June, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was returning from visiting some friends; I was quite sober - my handkerchief was safe when I was on Blackfriars'-bridge, and as I turned round into Fleet-street


, I was accosted by the prisoner, as a woman of the town; I did not consent to go with her; she walked by my side till we got to Salisbury-court


, where she left me; when I got about five doors from the court, I perceived I had lost my handkerchief from my inside coat pocket; she had caught hold of my left arm, and put her arm round my waist - nobody but her had been near enough to take it: I immediately turned back, up Salisbury-court, and saw her there; I accused her of taking it - she denied it and abused me; I said "If you will give it up by fair means, I will not give you in charge;" she said she had not got it - I immediately went into Fleet-street for a watchman, but not seeing one, I returned for fear she should go; I took hold of her - Bolton came up and took her in charge, and as she went down Fleet-street, I saw her give him the handkerchief, which I know to be mine: I had used no familiarity with her whatever.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not meet me in Fleet-street, and beckon me down a court? A. I did not. I told her repeatedly to go away; I did not give her the handkerchief.

Q. Did I not say I would sooner have cash than a handkerchief? A. Nothing of the sort passed; she did not desire me to give her in charge.


                  HENRY 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am superintendant of the watch. I saw the prisoner standing in Salisbury-court, and knew her before; in about a minute I saw the prosecutor come up to her, ask for his handkerchief, and say, "If there was a watchman or constable I would give you in charge;" I then said I was an officer, and took her; she denied having the handkerchief; as I took her down Fleet-street I saw her put her hand into her bosom, and pull part of the handkerchief out; she then pulled it quite out and gave it to me; she then said the prosecutor had given it to her for a certain purpose, which he directly denied - she had before denied having it - she again asserted at the watch-house that he had given it her - he appeared to be quite sober.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say, "Here is the handkerchief he gave me," and I would not give it, and that I would not go down a court with any gentlemen? A. No; she said nothing of the kind.


                  JOHN 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am constable of the night; the prisoner was brought in with the handkerchief; the prosecutor appeared to be perfectly sober, and claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the handkerchief for indecent liberties which he took with me up the court.


                  HENRY 
                  HARTLEY
               



            . I swear I did not take any liberties with her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
