





2035. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  VICKERY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, 8lbs. weight of brass, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Mears
                     




                  , his master
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN MEARS
               



            . I am the wife of Daniel Mears, a brass finisher
, who lives in High Holborn


 - the prisoner had been in our employ for one week - we missed a good deal of brass in the course of that week, but I did not suspect him - I went into the shop several times and spoke of it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CLITHEROW
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Mears. On Monday morning, when the prisoner came to work, I was in the yard, and heard the box opened - I went up-stairs, and missed some brass; and as the prisoner was going to breakfast, mistress told him, to leave what he had got behind him; he said he had nothing, but bread and butter - he went into the room, and after some time, pulled this metal from his hind coat-pocket - he was taken in charge, and owned that he had taken it.
MRS. MEARS. Clitherow's statement is correct - the prisoner said, if I would go with him, he would take to me where I should find what was gone; he took me to Bevill, where we found 21/2lbs., and to Bassett, where there was 53/4lbs.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEVILL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Moss, a dealer in marine-stores, No. 7, Kingsgate-street, Holborn; I bought 11/2lbs. of brass of a person at 4d. a pound, but cannot say it was the prisoner - there was iron among it, or it would be worth 6d. - some of it was pure brass - I have no knowledge whether I bought it of a man or woman - it was some time the week before Mrs. Mears came - I have been in the shop a year and three-quarters - I cannot say whether I made any inquiry about it - I have no belief as to who I bought it of, whether it was man, woman, or child.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CASTER
               



            . I live with Mr. Bassett, No. 19, Eagle-street, a dealer in marine-stores - I bought 53/4lb. of brass of the prisoner, at 5d. a pound - I did not know it was new.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
