






544. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     HOLLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January

, 1 silver fork, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis Martin 
                     Trulock
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  TRULOCK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Martin Trulock
               



             - we keep a lodging-house
, in Duke-street, St. James'



; the prisoner lodged there for eleven weeks. On Sunday evening, the 18th of January, I missed this fork, which was inquired for, and the prisoner said she knew nothing of it - the servant had brought it down.


                  JAMES 
                  STOKEY
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker, in Brewer-street, Golden-square. This fork was pawned by the prisoner, on the 19th of January.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I took the prisoner; she said she knew nothing of it, but at the office she said she took it through distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
545. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  HOLLIS
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December

, 1 handkerchief, value 7s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Isaac
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ISAAC
               



            . I am a partner
 in the firm of Swain and Co., and lodged in the house in Duke-street, St. James'; I had the parlour and one bed-room - the prisoner had the second-floor. About Christmas I missed a handkerchief, a pair of stockings, and several other things - I cannot say exactly the day; I have had some of my property returned by some other pawnbrokers, who could not identify the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live with Mr. Jones, in Tothill-street. This handkerchief and pair of silk stockings were pawned on the 27th of December, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Graham
               



            ; I cannot swear to the prisoner, but this is the duplicate which I gave.


                  MARY 
                  TRULOCK
               



            . This duplicate was found at a house, No. 2, Vauxhall-road, where the prisoner was detained till the officer came; she destroyed a great many, and threw them down the privy, but this, and two or three others were got up.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years for each offence
            .
