







686. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIE
               




            , 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CASTLE
               




            , and 
               
                  SOPHIA 
                  COLEMAN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 20s.; 1 key, value 20s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 4 half-crowns, and 22 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Tipper
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM TIPPER. I am a seaman
. I was returning home to Great East cheap, between eight and nine o'clock, on the 9th of February - I met Castle, who asked where I was going - I said I had lost my way, and after some time I went home with her to Chequer-alley


; there was a large fire, but no candle in the room; I gave her 1s., and she fetched some rum and water; I sat and smoked my pipe, and gave her 5s. to remain there all night; before I went to bed I took out the money stated in the indictment and put it into my glove - there were four quite new half-crowns among it; I put my watch into another glove- she went to bed with me, and seemed anxious to get me to sleep; I dozed a little, and hearing a noise, I got up and put on my trousers; I then saw Davie and Coleman in the room - Davie was at the drawer which I had put my watch and money into before I went to bed. I seized him with the two gloves, containing the watch and money in his hand; Coleman was close to him, and had a pot of beer in her hand, which she wanted me to take and let the man go, but I held him fast; Coleman put her hand up to him, but I held him tight till the watchman came, so that one of the women must have taken the watch and money from his hands - he was taken to Bunhill-row watch-house - here are two half-crowns that look like mine - they were quite bright and new like these.


                  JOHN 
                  COMPTON
               



            . I was constable of the night. I heard a complaint from the watchman, and went to his house with him - I found only Tipper and Davie there - he gave Davie in charge for this robbery - he was quite sober; I found nothing on Davie; he then wanted to give charge of the prosecutor, saying, it was his room, and he had no woman belonging to him - but Castle does live with him- she was brought to the watch-house next morning; I found on her 10s. 61/2d. - she was taken to Worship-street;Coleman brought her a bonnet there, and Tipper gave charge of her as the other woman.


                  JOHN 
                  McLANE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling nine o'clock, and saw the prosecutor and Castle go into a house in Stone-alley, Chequer-alley; I saw Castle come out soon after and then return; I heard a call of watch between eleven and twelve o'clock - I went for assistance, and I found Tipper in the room - he gave charge of Davie - I took Castle in that house about five o'clock next morning.


                  JAMES 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I am a watchman. Tipper described Castle to me, and we took her on the second floor of the house, with several men.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I searched Castle - she resisted being searched very much; I found two very bright half-crowns on her, and 5s. 21/2d.; I took Coleman when she brought the bonnet to the office.
DAVIE's Defence. I went home to my room and found this man there, with the table-drawer in his hand - no other person was there - he said he had been robbed, and would not leave the room till he had found his property - he sat down and smoked his pipe - some time after the watchman came up and I was taken.
CASTLE's Defence. He wished to get up; I went out for some drink - and as there was a confusion in the room, I did not go in again.
COLEMAN's Defence. I live in the house - Castle sent for her bonnet.
DAVIE - GUILTY. Aged 22.
CASTLE - GUILTY. Aged 22.
COLEMAN - GUILTY. Aged 44.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
