





801. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 14 lbs. of lead, value 3 s.; and 20 lbs. of copper, value 6 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Reid
                        




                     
                   and others, his partners, and fixed to a building of theirs; and one fixture (i.e.) one metal cock, value 3 s.
            , their property.


                  EDWARD 
                  INKERSLEY
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Reid
               



             and Co., he has several partners. On Sunday the 28th of April, about twenty minutes after nine o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner opposite my own door in Portpool-lane


, which is opposite the premises this lead was fixed to. A woman in my room, said three suspicious characters had ran out of the dray yard - I looked and saw them return to the gate, one went up the yard with a rough great coat on - I opened my door and saw him come down the yard with his great coat off, and something wrapped in it, and with an oath he called one of the other two to lay hold of it; the prisoner laid hold of it - I ran across to seize the other but could not; I then followed the prisoner, he ran off, and threw the property on my toes - I secured him two hundred yards off. I found the great coat contained three pieces of copper pipe, and a cock, they had been wrenched off the wall leading from the boiler - I think they had wrenched it off before I saw them. It was all safe a fortnight before - it matched with what remained; it was fresh broken.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw some boys waiting about there at a quarter past nine o'clock, and told them to go home - at half-past nine o'clock I heard an alarm. The witness took the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHIPLING
               



            . I am keeper of Eagle-street watch-house. The pipe and cock were brought in. I matched it with what remained.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
