





965. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  COLLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 1 coat, value 1l.; 2 gowns, value 7s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 bonnet, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 2 shirts, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fellingham
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  FELLINGHAM
               



            . I am wife of John Fellingham, carpenter
, of No. 7, Lambert's-grove


. The prisoner was my servant
. On the 18th of March I went out at seven o'clock in the morning; there was a chest of drawers in my room, which I locked; I returned at twelve o'clock at noon, but did not notice any thing then; I went out, and returned about seven o'clock in the evening; I then saw the key in another drawer; I had left it in the top drawer; I opened the drawer, and missed the articles stated, which are my husband's property. I found the prisoner between nine and ten o'clock that evening; she had this gown and shawl, and this Leghorn bonnet on; and she told the officer where the duplicate of the coat and other things were.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY TAYLOR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I have a coat pawned, on the 18th of March, by the prisoner, in the name of Sarah Fellingham.


                  DICKENSON 
                  SOWERBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two shirts pawned by the prisoner on the 18th of March.


                  RICHARD 
                  BETTY
               



            . I took up the prisoner on the night of the 18th of March; I found these articles on her.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am an Officer. I received the prisoner in charge; she told me where she had put the duplicates, and I found them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
