





1199. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RAPLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, one cask, value 5 s., and nine gallons of ale, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brailsford
               



             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brailsford
               



            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I lived with Messrs. Richard and Robert Brailsford, brewers

, at Enfield. On the 23d of December, 1822, I went with Mead to search the prisoner's premises; he was not at home, but his wife was. We found a cask of ale in his cellar belonging to Messrs. Brailsford, which was lost the day before - it had been in the store-room; the person who took it got through the window. I did not see the prisoner taken, but I saw him before the Magistrates, where he gave this account: I saw him sign it (read).
"The prisoner being asked what he has to say - saith
'What the witnesses have said is true - I agreed with 
               
                  William 
                  Drage
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Rainbird
               



            , who are since transported, to break open the store and take the ale; they did it while I waited at home for them. I got into the cooperage yesterday morning between three and four o'clock, and got up to the adjoining roof, and broke through, and so got down to the top, and drank a good deal of beer, and took two bottles.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I went with the last witness, and found a nine gallon cask of ale. On the 5th of June I found the prisoner concealed in the prosecutor's cooperage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
