





956. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Mallison
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 15th of April
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, two waistcoats, value 2 l.; a fan, value 2 s.; two ounces of tea, value 1 s.; eight ounces of sugar, value 6 d., and two handkerchiefs, value 18 d.
            , her property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MALLISON
               



            . On the 15th of April, at about a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming up Bishopsgate-street


, and saw the prisoner interrupting a little girl, who was a stranger to me - she appeared to be ten or twelve years old - he attempted to catch her in his arms - this made me take particular notice of him. I walked on, and as I approached two or three steps (at the corner of Angel-alley


), he turned his attention from the girl to me, looking at me in a frolicsome manner. I quickened my pace, and he came before me, then came round behind me, and struck me on the left arm - the blow did not hurt, but numbed my arm, - he snatched my bundle directly, and ran up Angel-alley - it was on my left arm, and contained the articles stated in the indictment. I pursued him, calling Stop thief! but nobody was kind enough to stop him. He took a turning on right of the alley, and at the top of that turning I lost sight of him. He was taken by Liman in a quarter of an hour - I pointed him out myself in the tap-room of the George public-house, which is a few steps from the spot on which I lost sight of him. I am confident he is the person - I charged him with the theft - he denied it - I have not found my property.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Have you seen the girl since - A. No; people were passing in the street. I noticed them for about a minute or two. He appeared to lear at me as I passed, which attracted my notice. I thought he meant to insult me, and passed on quickly. I looked at him sufficiently to know him - it was a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening - I am sure of the time - it was not later - I looked at Bishopsgate Church clock - it was then better than ten minutes past seven - I was taking the waistcoats home to a gentleman. The transaction did not occupy above a minute or two. I only looked at him once, when he leared at me - if I notice a person, I can speak to them again - I am confident that he is the man. I may have taken one person for another in the course of my life, but I am confident of him. I described him to Sapswell, the patrol, before I went into the George public-house.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMAN
               



            . I am a constable and patrol of Bishopsgate, On the 15th of April, I was going upon duty, and was told this young woman had been robbed. I found her at Sapswell's door; she described the prisoner to me as a full faced young man, dressed in blue trowsers and coat. I took her to the George public-house - the prisoner was sitting there, leaning over a chair, and the moment she entered she said to him,
"What have you done with my bundle?" he said
"Me!" she said
"Yes, you are the man who took it, and nobody else;" he said," I have not been out of the house for an hour and a half." I said to the people present,
"How long has he been here?" nobody present would answer. I went to the bar, and asked a person there in his presence - he said he did not know - I took him to the Mansion House - he told the same story there, and was remanded till Monday, to bring persons to prove it; in which case, the Lord Mayor said, he would not commit him; but nobody came forward.
Prisoner's Defence. I left my father about six o'clock, and went immediately to the George public-house, andmet two gentlemen who knew my father - I was drinking in their company till I was taken.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I live in Lucas-buildings - on the night this man was taken I was at the George, with my brother - we got there about six o'clock, and about half-past six the prisoner came in - I asked after his father, and asked him to drink, and he never quitted the place till about eight, when a man came in and took him out.
COURT. Q. What are you by trade - A. A weaver; I live about twenty yards from the George public-house; he joined me and my brother; nobody else was in our company.
Q. What makes you so accurate as to time - A. Just after tea I told my wife I was going to the George, and should be home to supper, and when I got there I said
"Bill, we have not got above two hours to stop;" there is a dial in the room - I looked at the dial when he came in, and said,
"If you had been here a little sooner you would have been here before me, for I have only been here half an hour" - I did not go before the Lord Mayor - I did not hear of this charge till his father desired me to come here; nothing was said to me before he was committed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I was at the George on this night - the prisoner came in about twenty minutes or half-past six o'clock, and remained with my brother and me till this woman came in.
COURT. Q. You were not desired to go before the Lord Mayor - A. No, my Lord - my brother told me he was subpoened here, and as I was with him I said I would come - I lodge with my brother.
Q. What makes you particular as to its being after six o'clock that he came - A. I went in with my brother just after six - we did not expect him to come - I saw the officer take him - I did not hear him ask how long he had been there - it is a small room - I was on the left hand side of the fire, and he on the other, very near me - I never heard the officer ask how long he had been there.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUCKERIDGE
               



             re-examined. I did not hear the officer ask any questions - he told me to-day that he asked Watts at the bar how long he had been there.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMAN
               



             re-examined. When she said she was positive of him, I said
"Now, how long has this man been here?" I addressed myself to all the company - I know that one of the witnesses were there, and must have heard the question. I then went to Watts, who acted as landlord, and asked him - he said he did not know.


                  MARY 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I keep the George public-house, in Angel-alley - the prisoner was in my house on this night: he came in, as near as I can tell, about half-past six o'clock; but I have been out of my mind - I waited on him the whole of the time till the officers came - he was never out of the house.
COURT. Q. Do you remember the officer coming - A. Yes; he asked a young man how long he had been there; he said he did not know - he did not ask me, as I was in the bar - both the witnesses were there - I heard nothing more about it till I was subpoened here - I was absent for a short time.
MR. LAW. Q. Should you have had any difficulty in stating this to the Lord Mayor if you had been desired - A. No - I did not hear the officer ask the witnesses at what time he came in.
COURT. Q. You were absent for a short time - A. I went out of the tap-room to snuff the candles - I heard a little scuffle, and heard him say
"I have not been out of the house" - and Buckeridge said
"No, he cannot have done any thing, for he has not been out of our company;" and I said
"Don't take him away, I am sure he is the wrong man."
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
