





535. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 30th of January
, a coat, value 2 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Arscott
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ARSCOTT
               



            . I am out of employ
, and have come from Bristol. I was looking for a groom's place, and lodge at my aunt's, next door to the Plasterers' Arms, public-house. On the 30th of January Sersale came for me - I went into the Plasterers' Arms, and found the prisoner there - he said to Sersale,
"It is too soon to go to the gentleman yet, stop till six or seven o'clock, and I will go with you;" and about six o'clock the prisoner came to my aunt's, and said, he would go with me to the gentleman in Lincoln's-inn-fields, about the place; as we went along, he said, he understood I had had a good deal of trouble, and had lost my father and mother - I said I had; he said,
"You are quite sure of this place, and will have very little to do, and when you get there, don't get me into any disgrace" - he said he knew the gentleman well - he took me up to some chambers on the second floor in Lincoln's-inn-fields, and then said,
"Young man, stop down here, and I will go and speak to the gentleman, and when I come down I will call you up" - he went up higher, and called me up, and said, the gentleman was at home, and I could see him, and said,
"Young lad, I will go down stairs, and get you a groom's coat, I know where to put my hands on one in a moment, and it will look better to see the gentleman in a groom's coat - pull off your own, and I will go and get you a groom's;" he helped me off with it, and said he would get me a groom's coat - he went down with it. I never saw him afterwards, and have not recovered it. I waited there half an hour, and then spoke to a woman, who said, I was taken in.


                  JOHN 
                  SERSALE
               



            . I met the prisoner at the Plasterers' Arms - he asked if I knew anybody who wanted a place; I said I wanted one myself; I had seen him there several times before - he said it was a groom's place, but not exactly that, for the gentleman kept his horse at livery, and it was to ride about with him all day, at 14 l. a-year, and two suits of livery, but I was too heavy for him; a young man said, there was a young man next door, who had come from the country. I thought he would suit, and went to tell the prosecutor's aunt, whom I knew. I saw nothing more of the prisoner till I met him, and secured him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
