





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1467. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  LLOYD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, a hat, value 5 s.; two sheets, value 5 s.; a pillow-case, value 4 d.; two shirts, value 5 s.; a shift, value 2 s.; a cap, value 1 s.; a napkin, value 1 s.; a gown, value 3 s.; a set of bed curtains, value 3 s.; a pair of shoes, value 1 s., and a flat iron, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Billing
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  BILLING
               



            . My husband's name is William Billing - we live in Ray-street, Clerkenwell


. The prisoner lodged in my house for about two months. On the 27th of August I missed an umbrella; I asked her about it; she at first denied it, but afterwards took a sheet off the bed, and got the umbrella from the pawnbroker; I then searched and missed the articles stated in the indictment: she had no authority to pawn them - she had had the linen to wash.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JOHN GOOD
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Mote
               



            , pawnbroker, of Little Warner-street. I have some articles which the prisoner left at our house.


                  THOMAS 
                  LINSCOTT
               



            . I live with Mr. Croft, pawnbroker, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. I have a number of articles pawned by the prisoner, at different times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REED
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and found some of the duplicates in her pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I intended to have returned them on the following Monday.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
