






NEW COURT, Eighth Day.
Second London Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1365. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LIGHTFORD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 diamond pin, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Wick
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WICK
               



            . I am an auctioneer
, and live in West Smithfield. On the 18th of May, between twelve and one o'clock in the night, I was on Snow-hill


, with a lady - a female was behind me; I saw several persons, and the two prisoners were among them; the prisoners were together, and were at first behind me - they then came in front of me; Lightford shoved up against me - I asked what he did it for: he made no remark, but took the pin out of my breast with his thumb and finger; he went a little way back - I said to him, "You have got my pin - give it me, and go along about your business:" he said, "I have not got your pin;" in the mean time Wilson struck my female servant, who was behind - she called out Watch! and I held Lightford till the watchman came and took him: I do not know what became of the pin - it has not been found- the other persons were further up the bill; after I gave Lightford in charge, Wilson came up and struck me - I think he was two or three yards off when Lightford took the pin.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you mean that you gave Wilson in charge? A.Certainly I did, for striking me, and he struck 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Conner
               



            , who was with her husband, behind me; there were four of us together - 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Aaron
               



             was with me: a minute or two elapsed after I lost the pin, before Conner complained at Wilson striking her; we had no thought of taking him till he came and struck me - I saw them together, and three others with them.
COURT. Q. Do you think Wilson saw Lightford take the pin? A. His back was towards him, he might not possibly.
SOPHIA AARON. I was with Mr. Wick on Snow-hill. I saw Lightford take the pin from his breast - Wilson was about a yard from him at the time; I do not know whether he saw what Lightford did: Conner gave an alarm when Wilson struck her.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see what he did? A. He passed us to strike her - I turned round.


                  CATHERINE 
                  CONNER
               



            . I was behind the witnesses - I did not see the pin taken; I saw Lightford near the prosecutor - Wilson then came and struck me, and I called Watch!


                  EDWARD 
                  BARTRUM
               



            . I am a tin-plate-worker. On the morning of the 19th of May I was on Snow-hill - I saw Lightford and several others in company; he went up and assaulted the prosecutor - I heard him say, "I have lost my pin;" Lightford said, "I have not got it;" Wick said,"Give it me, and go along about your business;" he collared him, and called the watch - Wilson was by his side, rather behind him; I do not suppose he could see what Lightford did.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen Wilson with him before? A. Yes - they were sober, to my knowledge.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a watchman. I took Lightford; in the way to the watch-house Wilson and two or three others attacked the prosecutor - I sprung my rattle; another watchman came and took Wilson - I will not swear that Wilson was sober.
MR. PRENDERGAST to 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  CONNER
               



            . Q. Were not you struck first? A. Yes - there were five or six of them together; the watchman came to Mr. Wick before he came to me - the pin was taken before I was struck at all.


                  JOHN 
                  DELL
               



            . I received the prisoners at the watch-house; Wilson was the most sober - Lightford had been drinking.
LIGHTFORD'S Defence. I was walking down Snow-hill, and happened to run against one of the women - the prosecutor and I had some words; I was a little inebriated, and challenged him to fight - I certainly did hit him in the breast, and he called the watchman, and gave charge of me for stealing the pin.
WILSON'S Defence. I was going home from my trademeeting that night - I saw a mob, and went up; I was tipsy, and do not know whether I struck any body or not; I went voluntarily to the watch-house.
JURY to MR. WICK. Q. Was it near a lamp you lost your pin? A. Yes - I saw it very plainly in his hand, between his thumb and finger.
LIGHTFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Life
            .
WILSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
