






995. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  RYAN
               




             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  GRIMES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 blanket, value 2s.; 2 sheets, value 3s.; 1 rug, value 1s.; 1 bolster, value 2s., and 1 bed, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Parsons
               




            .


                  ANDREW 
                  PARSONS
               



            . On the night of the 10th of March, the watchman sent for me; I went and saw Grimes taking a bed away from an unoccupied house of mine in Maynard-street, St. Giles'; I took her to the watch-house, then came back, and met Ryan coming out of the house with the other things in a bundle; the watchman had hold of her - she threw the things down by the church, and said she would carry them no further; I had locked the house up about five o'clock that evening - they were safe then.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 10th of March, I was going by the passage of this house and saw Grimes standing by the side of this bed; I asked what she had there; she said a bed - I asked who it belanged to; she said it must belong to the person of the house; we took it into Mr. Groat - he said it belonged to Parsons: I afterwards saw Ryan, she appeared in liquor when she got near the watch-house, but not stupidly drunk.


                  CHARLES 
                  BENNIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I took Ryan with a bundle containing a blanket, a rug, a pair of sheets, and a bolster.(Property produced and sworn to.)
RYAN'S Defence. I was in liquor; a woman took me up and gave me the things.
GRIMES' Defence. I was going down the stairs, and found the bed: I thought it belonged to Mr. Groat, and asked him - I know nothing of it - it lay at the stair foot.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
GRIMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
