





Second London Jury. - Before Mr. Recorder.
752. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH ANN 
                     WARNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 9 spoons, value 3s., and 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gillman
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  HAYCRAFT
               



            . I am servant to Joseph Gillman and Co., silk-merchant
s, of Newgate-street


. On the 27th of March, at eleven o'clock in the morning, these things were in a cupboard adjoining the kitchen on the first floor; there is a door at the bottom of the stairs leading from the counting-house - I heard the spoons rattling, opened the kitchen door, and saw the prisoner going down stairs; I went after her; she ran away up Newgate-street and down St. Martin's-le-grand; I never lost sight of her; I laid hold of her, and told her she had taken something from the closet - I brought her back, and she produced the spoons and sugar-tongs from her pocket: she was given in charge, but said nothing.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Does Mr. Lucas, the other partner, live in the house? A. No; Mr. Gillman's family do; the spoons were for the use of the firm; she did not produce the property till she came back to the warehouse.


                  RICHARD 
                  BATES
               



            . I am servant to Joseph Gillman and Co. I was standing in the passage, and saw the prisoner running out at the door and Haycraft following her; I ran and assisted in securing her - I saw her take eight spoons from her pocket - and afterwards she produced a dessert spoon and sugar-tongs.


                  JAMES 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a constable, and received her in charge - Haycraft gave me the spoons.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
