






722. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, fourteen pounds of salt petre, value 5 s.; seven pounds of bay salt, value 3 s.; and seven pounds of red lead, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  AYRES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cooper, a grocer, of Duke-street, Bloomsbury. On the 29th of March, I packed up these articles, and delivered them to Brooks, to carry to Chalford.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a carrier
, of Chalford. I received the parcel from Ayres; and about eight o'clock at night, I was in Oxford-street


, near Bond-street, and was asked if I had lost a parcel; I looked, and missed this one from the middle of the cart: it was produced immediately.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a painter. I was at the corner of Queen-street and Oxford-street, and saw a man walking behind Brooks's cart, and saw the legs of another man hanging out of the cart; he was sitting on the hind part, and gave a parcel to Scott, who was behind, and he came away with it under his arm. I seized and gave him to Budden, then went towards Conner, who was in the cart, but he ran up John-street, and I lost him in Oxford-street. He was taken in half an hour; but I will swear to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUDDEN
               



            . I was in Oxford-road; Davis gave Scott to me, I held him by the collar, he gave a sudden turn, threw the parcel down, and as I stooped to pick it up, he got off; I followed, and lost him; I saw him at the watch-house soon after, and am sure of him.
FRANCIS HUMPHRIES. I am a patrol. I heard an alarm about a quarter past eight o'clock, and saw Scott running among the coaches; I followed him down Queen-street, and took him in the Mews. Budden saw him soon after, and was positive to him.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am an officer. I was in John-street, Oxford-street, on the 29th of March, heard an alarm; saw Conner running, followed and took him in Oxford-street. Davis said he was the man who took the parcel.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SCOTT'S Defence. Hearing an alarm, I ran with others, and was stopped; the people called out that I was not the man, but he took me to the watch-house.
CONNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
