





1922. 
               
                  ANN (THE WIFE
 OF ISAAC) SOLOMONS
               




             was indicted for 


               that she, on the 28th of August
, at Christ-church, feloniously did receive, of a certain evil disposed person, 1 watch, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Ridley
                     




                  , which said goods had been lately before, (by the said evil disposed person.) feloniously stolen, she well knowing the same to have been stolen, against the statute
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RIDLEY
               



            . I am master of a ship
. On the 17th of August I was robbed of a watch - I do not know the person who stole it - I am sure it was not the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Where did you lose it? A. I do not know - I lost other property at the same time - I had been drinking, and was off my guard.I was not perfectly sober. I lost it in Whitechapel - I had it safe at seven o'clock. I was in company with Mr. Watson, a respectable man. I live in Mile-end-road - I had taken brandy and water - I fell in company with a woman in Whitechapel after I left Mr. Watson, about ten o'clock, and went to a house with her. I am sure I did not give her my watch - I gave her what I had in my waistcoat pocket, it was about five or six shillings. I will not swear that I gave her any thing - she told me that I did. I did not give her the watch, I am certain.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Will you swear you did not give her your watch? A. Yes; I neither gave it, lent it, or sold it to any one - I gave information at Lambeth-street next morning.
COURT. Q. About what time did you leave Mr. Watson? A. About seven o'clock; I do not know whether my watch was safe then; I cannot say that I had it when I went into the woman's company - I missed it that night, and am almost positive that I spoke about it that night - I named it to the woman, as she observed, that if she had known I had lost it, she would not have invited me in.


                  JAMES 
                  LEA
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I received this information on Monday, the 20th of August, and entered it in our robbery book. The prosecutor had been there on Saturday, but I did not see him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 29th of August I assisted in searching a house in Bell-alley, Petticoat-lane, Spitalfields - I believe it is No.12; the prisoner was there; one party secured her- I went up stairs, and did not hear her say any thing; she went up stairs, and saw me searching there - she was secured, with her son and servant, in the first floor; we went up to a bed-room on the second floor; there was a large four-post bedstead, which I removed, and on moving part of the flooring, about a foot and a half in size, I found this watch, with its face upwards - there was another watch and several other things there; Limbrick and the others were searching the first floor. It is a private house.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Did you see her son there? A. I saw a young man about eighteen, and a person she called her servant; she was about twenty-one or twenty-two; I took them into custody; they were discharged by the Magistrate.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I was present at the search of this house; I saw the prisoner there - she made a great noise, and asked what we wanted- I told her we had a warrant to search for bad money, and we found some - she made no answer; she, her son, and servant were taken into custody; we then went up to the second floor; I drew the bedstead out from over a place we had received information of - Edwards or Mitchell took up the carpet, and took the boards up; I there saw this watch, with the face upwards. Mitchell said, "Whose bed-room is this?" she said, "This is mine." Edwards asked her if she knew any thing of the property - she said she did not.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. I went with the other officers; I got first into the house, and saw the prisoner in a little back parlour; I asked her name - she said Solomons; I asked if she owned the house - she said Yes; I said we had a warrant to search - she made a great noise, and the officers came in; I sent her up stairs: I remained below some time, and fastened the doors. I then went up, and saw Edwards take the watch out of the hole - I asked if it was her bed-room - she said it was, and that she slept there; we took her and the property away.
MR. BARRETT. I am clerk of the papers at Newgate. Isaac Solomons ceased to be in our custody on the 25th of May; there was no discharge lodged for him; he was taken to the Court of King's Bench, by a Habeas.
Part of an affidavit made by the prisoner, and upon which she had moved the postponement of her trial, was here read, to prove that she described herself as "The wife of Isaac Solomons, late of Bell-lane, Spitalfields, but now of North America, as she believed"


                  JOSEPH 
                  RIDLEY
               



            . This is the watch which was stolen from me, I am quite sure of it - I have had it fourteen years; the maker's name is Phillips, of Brighton; it was a hunting watch, and I had it altered.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent - I do not know any thing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
