






288. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PAINTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LIVINGS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, five round frocks, value 30 s.; one pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; one shirt, value 4 s., and one handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Murphy
                  




               
            .
LAWRENCE MURPHY. I am a seaman
. On the 29th of December, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-street - I stopped at the door of a wine-vaults, the prisoners overheard me say I was going to fetch a bundle - they followed me to George-street, St. Giles's, and waited till I came out with this bundle; they then followed me to Charing-cross, and by Northumberland House Livings asked twice if she should carry my bundle, I refused - she asked a third time, I suffered her to carry it, being tired and weak, having just come out of an hospital, I thought she might be a prudent character. At the corner of Downing-street I treated them with a glass of liquor - both carried the bundle. I then went down towards Westminster


, and lost Livings with the bundle. I followed Painter to a house, and asked where the woman was with the bundle? she said she would soon be there, and I had better come up stairs; I did so, but would not sit down, being uneasy about it. She took me down to look for her. I gave Painter in charge - she said if we would let her go out she would shew us where the girl was with the bundle. She went out, and the other prisoner was brought in with her. I was not acquainted with them.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUDSON
               



            . Murphy brought Painter to me. She said if I went to No. 11, New-square, I should find the girl with the bundle; I went, but could not find her. She then said she would take me to the house - she took me to her lodgings, No. 44, Duck-lane; I found her sitting by the fire-side - we have not found the bundle.
PAINTER'S Defence I was with another girl, the prosecutor said he had been robbed, and gave me in charge.
PAINTER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LIVINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
