





1217. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GRIMSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 400 lbs. of lead, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dickanson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a certain outhouse of his.
THIRD COUNT, stating it to be fixed in a certain yard belonging to his dwelling-house.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  DICKANSON
               



            , ESQ. I live at Twickenham


. On the morning of the 6th of March I discovered that a quantity of lead was stolen from my premises; it consisted of a pump, a cistern, and a variety of other lead: I have since seen it in Watson's possession. It cost me some hundreds of pounds to replace it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You had no mark upon it - A. Yes; on part of it there was the letter W., and I believe I had had the cistern fifteen or sixteen years. The pipes tallied with what was left.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  THACKRAH
               



            . I live next door to Mr.Dickanson. After this robbery I heard that the prisoner was in custody, and saw him - I held him out no threat or inducement to say anything: I felt desirous to render him a service, as his father was in my employ. I said I wished him to tell the truth about the business, but at the same time said I could make him no promise, as I had not seen the prosecutor. He told me voluntarily that he had been in company with Taylor, Coltman, and Somerset - that they were at the Red Lion public-house at Twickenham, on the night of the robbery, and left there about eleven o'clock, proceeded to Mr. Dickanson's premises and stole two leaden pumps, a cistern, and a large quantity of lead off the stables and out building, and that soon after twelve o'clock Philpot came with a cart to take it away - that he brought the cart into Mr. Dickanson's meadow; and loaded it with the lead, but had got more than it would carry: they threw part of it down, and left it in the meadow, and again finding that they had more than the horse could draw, they took more out, and threw it into the gravel-pits. Philpot left them with the cart - he and Coltman then retired to a barn, the property of Sir W. Walham, where they slept.
Cross-examined. Q. What induced you to get this out of him - A. A wish to serve his father. I thought if he told the truth he might possibly be saved, but did not tell him so. He was committed to prison last Session, by this Court, and to my surprise two or three days after I heard he was at Twickenham, and finding he had escaped by accident I had him apprehended. I was informed he understood that I had obtained his discharge, and sent to him to say it was not so - he called upon me, and was detained. When he was examined here he declared that he knew nothing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILPOT
               



            . I am a labourer. I was tried and convicted of stealing this lead, and was fined 1 s. I was examined here last Session. On the morning of the robbery I saw the prisoner at Mr. Dickanson's premises: he told me the lead was all ready and waiting for me - I had brought a horse and cart for it. He, Coltman, Somerset, and Taylor were there: they all four assisted in putting it into the cart: there was more than I could carry, and I threw it off the cart. I was stopped at Brentford with it, and escaped, but was afterwards taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you ever here before except as a witness - A. I was tried for another felony besides this and was confined three years. I gave an account of this robbery to Mr. Thackrah in the gaol, before I was liberated.


                  RICHARD 
                  BEAUCHAMP
               



            . On the evening of the 5th of March I was at the Red Lion at Twickenham, and saw the prisoner there in company with Coltman, Somerset, and Taylor, for two hours or more. Between ten and eleven o'clock one went out, and then another - there was a good deal of whispering between them: they went towards the Duke's Head, public-house, which is half a mile from Mr. Dickanson's. I had applied to the overseers for a lodging that night, and was refused, and went into a shed belong-to Sir W. Walham, and about three o'clock Coltman, Somerset, and the prisoner came into the shed, and remained there till about nine - they then got up, and were brushing each others clothes, which appeared to have cobwebs about them. The prisoner said,
"Be d - d if it will do all to go one way" - he and Somerset went over the common fields, and they agreed to meet at the Broadway. Coltman went home to breakfast.
Cross-examined. Q. Who gave you the coat you have on now - A. No one.
Q. Where did you get it - take care - A. A gentleman gave it to me - it was Mr. Thackrah. I was taken up once for being in company with one Facey - nothing was done to me. I was never charged with felony, or in confinement. I was working for a biscuit-baker, and took a biscuit for my tea - he took me before a Magistrate.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            , clerk to the Magistrates of Bow-street, read a voluntarily confession made by the prisoner, (before 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Halls
               



            , Esq.) which agreed with his account given to Mr. Thackrah, and the evidence of Phil-pot.
JOHN FAN. I am gardener to Mr. Dickanson. On the morning of the 6th of March I missed a quantity of lead, the pump, and cistern - some of it was found in the meadow. I traced the cart out of the field. I found more lead and the pump at Brentford, and know it to be my master's.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any private mark on the cistern - A. It was marked with four Ws, one at each corner: one side was painted a stone colour, and the other lead colour. I saw every thing safe on the 5th.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Dickanson. I saw all the property safe on the night of the 5th of March, and missed it next morning about six o'clock - the pump, pipes, cistern, and a quantity of other lead, which had been attached to different buildings. I traced a cart from the field, both going in and coming back into the road, and in the paddock I found a quantity of lead. I saw the cistern at Brentford, and knew it to be my master's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWETT
               



            . I am an Excise officer. About five o'clock in the morning of the 6th of March, I stopped a cart at Brentford with a leaden cistern, a pump, pieces of pipes, and other lead - Philpot drove it. I delivered it to Watson. The name of Wasley was on the cart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a headborough. Hewett delivered the lead to me - the witnesses afterwards saw it, and claimed it.


                  JAMES 
                  FORD
               



            . I keep the Red Lion. On the night of the 5th of March the prisoner was at my house with Philpot, Somerset, Taylor, and Coltman - they left about half-past ten or eleven o'clock, and were then within a mile of Mr. Dickanson's premises.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On the afternoon of the 6th of March I was at the gravel-pits at Twickenham, and found three pieces of pipe and some sheet lead, about five hundred yards from Mr. Dickanson's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
The prisoner was admitted as an evidence for the Crown last Session, but refused to give evidence.
