





1071. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, one watch, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        M'Cullock
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY M'CULLOCK. I am a bookbinder
, and live in Albion-buildings, Bartholomew-close. On the 28th ofAugust, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I had been with some friends, but was sober. I was knocking at the workhouse door on Saffron-hill


 with my knuckles, about a woman I had met, whom I knew twelve years ago. The prisoner came up and asked if I wanted to get in? I believe him to be the man, I said I did, he said he would soon get admission for he was a parishioner, and knocked at the door with his umbrella. I took out my watch to see the time; he immediately snatched it out of my hand, broke the chain, and left the seals in my hand. I pursued him down the hill, calling Stop thief! and in about ten minutes found him in custody with the watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at the corner of Crawford-passage, about one hundred yards from the workhouse. Hearing the alarm I followed the prisoner, who passed my box, and was running very fast across the road; I lost sight of him for five or six minutes, and found him in charge of Taylor. I fetched the prosecutor, who said he could not swear to him. The prisoner then said we ought to be sent to the watch-house for stopping him. While we were round him at the corner of Baker's-buildings, I saw him stoop down and take the watch from his trowsers; he rose up with it in his hand. We had before that searched him outside, and told him to go about his business.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take it from my trowsers - A. Yes.


                  MICHAEL 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner at the corner of Bath-street, he appeared to be out of breath, when he saw me he turned back, I did not follow him, but went up Bath-street, met him again, and took him. Day came up and said he was the man. We took him to the corner of Baker's-row. The prosecutor said he was the man. The prisoner said,
"You cannot swear to me." He said he could not. He then talked of giving charge of the prosecutor. I let go of him, he said
"You had better go to your duty." My brother watchman gave him a shove, and told him to go home to bed. I noticed that he did not stir his legs when he was shoved, he then stooped, as if to tie his shoe, and the watch was found, whether it was taken out of his hand or not, I cannot say. We then took him to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  DALEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner coming out of Bath-court, walking very smart. When he saw me he turned, and went down Bath-street. I went after him, and told Taylor to stop him, he did so, He seemed to have been running very hard. and was in a great perspiration. We took him to the top of Baker's-row, the prosecutor came up and could not swear to him, but thought he was the man. I felt outside his coat, felt nothing, and told him to go about his business. He stooped down, and when he rose, I took the watch out of his hand. He had an umbrella.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I declare I never saw it till the watchman produced it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
