







1328. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FLEMING
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RICKS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SWEATHMAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, a silver spoon, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gruniesen
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GRUNIESEN
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gruniesen
               



            , who lives in Cummins'-street, Pentonville


. On Wednesday the 24th of August, the constable came to our house with this spoon which I had put on the round table in the kitchen, near the window, on the evening before. The window opens to the area, and was open a long time. I did not miss the spoon till the constable brought it in the morning.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CHRISTOPHER GRUNEISEN
               



            . I am the brother of the last witness. On the morning of the 24th of August, I saw Sweathman in the area, about six or seven o'clock; he picked up a piece of brown paper; I asked him what he was about, he gave me no answer, but walked up and went away. I am certain of his person. I saw the other two prisoners at the corner of the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYLOLDS
               



            . I am a constable. On Tuesday, the 24th of August, I saw the prisoners at the corner of Cummins'-street and Collyer-street. I saw Ricks and Sweathman separate from Fleming, and go into Cummins-street. I saw a person whom I knew, and desired him to stop; in about two minutes the other two came to Fleming and gave him a spoon which he put into his pocket; when they got to the top of the street, I told my friend to take one, and I would take the two others; Sweathman had this piece of paper in his hand when I stopped him.
FLEMING's Defence. I was coming home, and was standing at the post at the corner of the street, and saw the lad pick up the spoon, and I snatched it from him.
RICKS's Defence. I saw the gentleman take the two boys by the collar, and he took hold of me.
SWEATHMAN's Defence. I was going along, and saw it lay on the ground; Fleming snatched it from me. I know nothing of either of the boys.
FLEMING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SWEATHMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RICKS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
