






FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, JUNE 4.
Second Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1050. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  RUDOLPH
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 46 pieces of China crape, value 100l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Mahon
                     



                  ,on board a ship in the port of London, the same being a port of entry and discharge
            .
2d COUNT, stating them to be the goods of the 
               
East India Dock Company



            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  EAGER
               



            . I am a labouring man. On Tuesday the 3d of April, the prisoner Rudolph came to the gate of the East India Dock


, where the extra men stand for work - he asked if I had a needle - I said Yes; he told me to go down to the Eliza, and wait till he came, that she was the second ship down the south side; he told me not to go to work till he came - I went and waited on the upper deck; he came and said, "Come into the hold, and I will show you what to do?" - I followed him into the hold; he went forward and showed me a box, which was two or three feet long, and a bag was sewed over it, and there were some mats over the bag; the bag was very rotten; he said
"I want to see if you can mend that box up, it has been broken by the sea-faring people, or somebody, and I want it mended up tidy, that it may not be laid to us;" it was very much broken - I know something was in it, because it rattled when I turned it about; it was three parts full; he came to me again in a few minutes, and said, "Can you make any thing of it?" I said, "No, I don't think I can, for the box is broken, and the bag is so rotten;" he said, "Very well, I suppose you can't, I am going to write an order for some bags;" he called me on deck soon after, and went to the ship-keeper; he wrote an order for some bags, and I went and got either two dozen, or one dozen - he said,"Take one of the bags, and take the things out of the box, and put them into the bag," which I did; they were paper parcels, about a foot long, three or four inches thick, and nearly square - I put them into the bag; he said,"Put them aside for the present, I will see about sending them out by and by;" he said, "This broken box, break it up smalier," which I did; there was a tin case inside, which was bent about very much - I broke the box into small pieces, and while so doing, one of the men, who was working near me, came and asked me what I was about - I said, "Breaking this box up; the foreman is there, you can ask him what it is for;" he was near enough to hear that - one of them called the man away to mind his own work; after breaking the box up, Rudolph came to me, took the box up, and threw it about the hold, some on one side and some on the other; the bag was put on one side, with some mats thrown over it - I then went to my work - the next morning Rudolph said to me,"Go up and tell Wilson and Bright to clear away off the fore-hatchway" - I did so, they were the only men at work there: they cleared off, and in the afternoon, Rudolph ordered the hatches off, as he said he wanted light; some time after they were off, he said, "Eager, you hail Wilson" - I said, "Who is Wilson?" he said,"The tall man" - I did so, and he said, "Hand that bag up to Wilson," which I did, and towards the evening, when they were going to shut up the ship, I said something to Bright, and saw the bag forward in the ship in a hole under some ropes, but I saw it through the ropes,
Q. When you handed the bag up to Wilson, did you say any thing to him? A. I said the foreman ordered me to hand it up to him - I gave him no directions about it; next morning I went down into the hold, and Rudolph came to the hatchway and said, "What has become of the tin-case which was here yesterday?" I said, "I suppose it is forward where the box is;" he said, D - n it, I thought I saw something shine;" he then said,"Take and hand it up between decks" - I said, "Who too?" he said, "To Wilson" - soon after that I had an accident with my foot, and in the afternoon the gang went to work between decks - I said to Wilson, "What has become of that tin thing which was handed up this morning; he said, "I have put it under those coals, where he told me to put it;" in the evening, before I left work I went between decks, and Bright pointed the bag out to me - I examined it, and saw a shawl or scarf which I had put at the bottom of the bag: it was loose in the hold, and the papers in the bag were much broken - I saw some silks with handsome flowers on them in the papers.
COURT. Q. Can you tell how many parcels there were in the bag? A. I did not take any notice; the loose pieces were put into the bag, at the top; the paper parcels were quite in a different state to when I put them in the bag.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Have you been employed much on board ships which come from the East Indies? A. Yes, for the last two or three summers- I have heard of packages being broken in the voyage; Rudolph was foreman of the gang, and it was his business to superintend the men; the ship was half empty when I went to work: the box was in the hold when I heard Rudolph last give any order about it - I do not know what was in the box of my own knowledge.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do you know Wilson? A. Only by sight - I do not know whether he was an extra man that day - I never saw him before - Rudolph told him and Bright to clear the fore-hatch.
Q. Was there not a pulley used to get the things from between decks? A. Yes, afterwards; Wilson had been at work at the pulley.
COURT. Q. You found the package broken when you were first called to it? A. Yes - I was to repair the bag, if I could have done it neatly, it would not have been noticed - as I could not, he told me to break it to pieces, and he threw it away himself about the hold.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . I am one of the East India Dock Company's labourers. On the 4th and 5th of April I was working between the decks of the Eliza with Wilson - Rudolph was generally below; I saw a tin cannister handed up from the hold - I was not near enough to see who handed it up - Wilson received it, and shoved it forward; nobody but me and him were between decks; about five minutes after I asked him what was in the tin-case, as I observed something yellow, which I thought was nankeen; and he said it was; I saw a bag come out of the forehold on Thursday; the ship-keeper called me below, just as the bag was coming up, and I went, Wilson was between decks, and he said to me, "Will you have one?" meaning a silk scarf; he mentioned some scarfs - I said I would not; I never saw the scarf; but he had told me, after he said it was nankeen, that they were silk scarfs.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not Rudolph's business to give orders to the men? A. Yes; he was in trust ofthe goods, and constantly on board, except at meal times; he took twenty minutes for breakfast and dinner. Mr. Lighterness used to overlook Rudolph - I did not see Rudolph on deck when the tin or the bag were handed up - I was between decks, and could not see; he was not there when Wilson asked if I would have a scarf.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you an extra man? A. Yes - Wilson and I were both taken on together; there were seven or eight men in the hold; only I and Wilson were between decks: the other men were in the hold, but not within hearing - I acted under Rudolph's direction - I saw the mouth of the bag come up - I did not see the tin-case opened.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LIGHTERNESS
               



            . I am a superintendant at the East India Dock - the ship Eliza lay there: all the property in the ships is under the cave of the Company - James Mahon is the captain - I superintend the delivery of the cargo, and employed the two prisoners amongst others; Rudolph was foreman. On the 6th of April I was directed not to suffer any men to go down to the ship; the constable and dock-master accompanied me on board - I saw the constable find a bag under the rigging in the forehold; it contained crape scarfs - I found the pieces of the wooden case in the hold and was present when the tin case was found among the coals, with some rigging over it.
COURT. Q. Were the bag and tin-case in their proper place? A. Certainly not - I produce the pieces of the wooden case, the tin-case, and bag; the port of London was the port of entry and discharge of the ship.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. On what day did you find these things? A. On the Friday - I was on board every day - I do not remember Rudolph being seat to another vessel - I have occasionally sent him on business while I remained on board - I did not send him away on either of these days.
Q. The very way to discover the robbery, was to leave the tin-case and things on board? A. That I cannot say; they could have been thrown overboard.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do not accidents often happen to cases? A. Yes; but we seldom meet with one that cannot be repaired - Rudolph has been above four years in the Company's employ.


                  EDWARD 
                  EAGER
               



            . The loose scarfs were of a darkish colour, like some of these, and those in the papers were the same as these.


                  CHARLES 
                  ALEXANDER DUNBAR
               



            . I searched the rigging, and found the bag and tin-case - I took the prisoner into custody.


                  JAMES 
                  GORDON
               



            . I superintended the delivery of the ship for Captain Mahon; there were articles on board of this description.
Prisoner RUDOLPH to MR. LIGHTERNESS. Q. Was I not absent from the ship generally three times every day; and was I not on board the Java two hours and a half? A. He was once - I have sent him on board ships while I waited in the Eliza; the Java lay on the east side of the Dock.
JURY. Q. What was his duty upon finding a case in case in that situation? A. To report it to me immediately - he made no report of it.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. Were you always on board? A. I was always on one of three ships close by; he could have sent one of his men to me, or have informed me on my return - I was never absent above an hour; it was his duty to get the external package repaired, if it wanted it.
RUDOLPH's Defence. I solemnly declare my innocence.
RUDOLPH - GUILTY. Aged 37.
WILSON - GUILTY. Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .




               The prisoners received a good character, and were recommended to mercy
            .
