





436. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TROWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, a coat, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tyeer
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  TYEER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Tyeer
               



            ; we live in Whitechapel. I sent my son with his father's tea, about five o'clock in the evening, he had a coat on, and was brought home a little after seven o'clock without it.


                  DANIEL 
                  SPINK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a coat pawned on the 12th of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, by Ingram, she came again three days afterwards, to redeem it. I stopped her.


                  SARAH 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I sell water cresses, in Kingsland-road. I was coming along Bishopsgate-street, and the prisoner came and said it was very cold; I said it was, he said,
"I have been at work all day, and my master has given me a coat, I would have sold it but it is late," and presently he asked if I knew of a pawnbrokers, and said if I could pawn it, he would give me something to drink; I pawned it for 2 s., and gave him the money and ticket, he gave me the ticket for myself; I went to redeem it and was stopped. I am sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  COCK
               



            . I am a headborough, I was informed of the robbery, and I met the prisoner and charged him with stealing the coat, he said, there was no man in London knew him," that he had just come from on board an Indiaman, and was going back again; I sent for the boy, who pointed him out from amongst others, he said
"That is the man who stole my coat" - the prisoner then said, he certainly did do it, and was guilty


                  ANN 
                  EARLY
               



            . The prisoner brought me the boy, and left him at my stall, he had no coat on then; the prisoner said the child was his own, that he was going to get half a chest of oranges, and asked me to take care of him the while, he never returned, the child began to cry, and I found out his parents.
Prisoner's Defence. I never said the child belonged to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
