





1269. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     VARLOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, a watch, value 2 l.; a key, value 4 d.; a ribbon, value 1 d.; a ring, value 1 d.; four half crowns, and a shilling, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Blackman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am a bargeman
, and live at Newberry, in Berkshire. On the 13th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I came to town, and about seven at night, I went into a public-house in Bride-lane, Fleet-street, and changed a sovereign. I went out and met the prisoner in Fleet-market, and by her persuasion, I went to George-alley


 with her - she pulled me up stairs, to the third floor, and called the servant up, who demanded 2 s. for the room - the house is kept by one Day. I paid the 2 s.; the prisoner afterwards said she would have something to drink, and the servant fetched some gin; we each had a glass - I paid for it, and we went to bed. I wound my watch up and put it into my fob - I then had four half crowns and a shilling in my pocket - I put my trowsers under my head. I awoke between three and four o'clock in the morning and she was gone. I felt and missed my watch and money - I could make nobody hear me. I went down stairs as soon as it was light; I knocked at the parlour door, a woman came out, who said she was mistress of the house, that the girls were not about, but if I called about twelve o'clock no doubt I could get my watch. I called at twelve o'clock and saw the prisoner, who said, if I would call at three o'clock I should have the watch without expence or trouble, if I would go no further in the business. I said I knew she had taken it, and expected that she would find it, and the money also. I left and called at three o'clock, and saw her - she called me aside and asked for 2 s. and said she would redeem the watch directly. I gave her 2 s., she went down, returned in a quarter of an hour, and said she had not got it, it would not be long, and I must give her 6 d. for something to drink - I did so; she went down, and in ten minutes brought me up the duplicate of the watch, pawned for 12 s. I said she must fetch it out, or I would trouble her about it; she said she would not and abused me - I left her, keeping the duplicate; she had put 4 d. in copper into my purse on the night of the robbery in the room of the silver. I had her taken next night - I was perfectly sober, I never gave her the watch. I had given her 3 s. 6 d., besides 2 s. for the room.


                  EDWARD 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Brides. I apprehended the prisoner about eight o'clock on the 14th; the prosecutor had described her to me, and gave the same account as he has now.


                  EDWARD 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor gave me the duplicate.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cross, pawnbroker, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. On the 14th of October, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, a young man pawned this watch, the duplicate produced corresponds with it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner in a long and indecent defence stated, thatthe prosecutor, who was intoxicated, had no money, and gave her the watch, telling her to pawn it if he did not call before twelve o'clock.
ANN FOX. I am servant at this house; the prosecutor came in with the prisoner, and gave me 1 s. to fetch some gin, and when I came back, he said he had no more money, he wound his watch up, and said
"I will leave this watch for 12 s., you pawn it, and I will call for the ticket in the evening;" the money was 9 s. for her, and 3 s. for the room; she gave it to a young man to pawn. I do not know his name. The prosecutor did not pay me for the room. I went to bed at three o'clock - the young man brought the money for the watch between seven and eight; the landlady of the house had been out all night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
