






443. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December

, 1 pair of tongs, value 1s.; 1 poker, value 1s.; 1 rake, value 1s.; 1 wafer-stamp, value 6d.; 1 bed-wrench, value 6d.; 2 padlocks, value 1s.; 1 hammer, value 6d.; 1 cravat, value 1s.; 2 forks, value 2s.; 1 rule, value 6d.; 1 turn-screw, value 6d.; 1 powder-flask, value 2s.; and 1 basket, value 1s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Alfred 
                     Trimmer
                  





               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JESSE 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a constable of Brentford. I took the prisoner on the evening of the 25th of December, in Mr. Trimmer's house; I took him the next afternoon before Colonel Clitherow - I searched his lodging, in Upper Butts, Brentford, and found these shoes, two padlocks, a drinking-horn, ring-case, and wafer-stamp.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do not you know the prisoner's wife lived with Mr. Trimmer? A. She did; I do not know who took them.


                  JOHN 
                  ALFRED TRIMMER
               



            , ESQ.
 I live at Kingsbury



.
The prisoner was in my service - he came on the 27th of April, 1828; he had left me before Christmas-day - I had a female servant, and it turned out that she was his wife; I gave him permission on Christmas-day to dine with my servants - in the course of that day two officers came to my house; I know this wafer-stamp, padlock, Morocco ring-case, and rake to be mine - I believe the poker and tongs are mine; I never gave the prisoner authority to take any of them.
Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner had lived in your service? A. Yes, and his wife continued up to Christmas-day; I discharged him on the 9th of September - I did not miss these articles till I saw them at three o'clock in the morning of the next day, in the officer's possession - some of them might have been stolen between the 9th of September and Christmas-day, but some of them I saw after the 1st of December; the prisoner came to the next house, and was admitted by a man who I keep as a gardener.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you discharged him, did you know he was married to the female-servant? A. No- I had seen this wafer-stamp on the 1st of December; he was well acquainted with the house; I had left him there for two months in charge with his wife: this cravat is mine - it has my name on it in full.
JURY. Q. Was the prisoner in the habit of visiting at your house? A. I forbade him the house till I discovered he was married, and then I told his wife he might come; he came the first time on the 14th of December, and then the second time on the 25th.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
Of Receiving. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
