





1041. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  ABBOTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 1 seal, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Conolly
               




            .
CHARLES CONOLLY. I am a jeweller
, and live in Piccadilly. I had a gold seal, which was sold for 5l.; it was packed up, and was directed to go to some French Countess, at Paris; I took it to the steam-packet office in Piccadilly


, about twelve months ago - I think it was in June last. I inquired if a seal could be sent to Paris, and the person said they were continually in the habit of sending things to France, and it could go; I was to pay the carriage to Dover - I think I paid about 2s. for it, and then it was booked - it was a small parcel, and I was desired to write upon the outside what it contained; I do not recollect whether I wrote it, or the man wrote it, but I told him what it was, and he said it would prevent its being opened at the Custom-house. I cannot say who the persons were that I saw there the first time - I saw the prisoner at Marlborough-street, but I cannot say whether he was at the steam-packet office. I saw the seal at the Police-office three or four weeks since.
COURT. Q. Has your evidence been always this? A. I believe so; I was asked by the Magistrate if the prisoner was at the office at the time this happened, and I said I thought so; I have called at the packet-office two orthree times since, and have seen him there, but I cannot be positive whether he was there when I left it or not; I cannot recollect whether I saw any person at the office who is now here. I inquired about the seal, and they told me it was very likely detained at the Custom-house - I saw several persons at the office, but I cannot say whether I saw the prisoner there. I do not know whether the Magistrate asked me that question. This is my hand-writing(looking at his deposition) - it was read over to me; I did say I thought the prisoner was one of the persons in the office, and who gave me the answer when I called again; I thought so then, but I have since thought, by my calling to inquire several times afterwards, I might have seen him afterwards, and that was the reason why I thought so.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there not nine different examinations on this subject? A. I never attended but one. I know that Lancaster, the bookkeeper, who was in the office at the time I left the seal, is now in Clerkenwell prison - I cannot swear whether the prisoner was present at any time. I did not see the seal again till three or four weeks ago, at Marlborough-street.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWSE
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Collins
               



            , a pawnbroker, at No. 66, Long-acre. I have a gold seal and chain pawned on the 6th of July, 1825, in the name of Charles Abbott, No. 36, Regent-street. In December last the prisoner, I believe, came and said he had lost the original ticket, and we granted him an affidavit - he claimed it as his own property - he was quite a stranger.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it usual for persons who go to pawn things they have stolen, to give their own name and address? A. That is at their own option; we are obliged to ask their names and address. I cannot state that the prisoner pawned the seal, or made the affidavit.
COURT. Q. You say some person pawned it in the name of Charles Abbott, No. 36, Regent-street, and in December last a person came by the name of Charles Abbott, for the affidavit? A. Yes; but I cannot say whether it was the prisoner - I rather think it was him, but I cannot say. I believe he is the person who pawned the seal, and afterwards came for the affidavit, but I cannot be certain - this is my hand-writing. I believe he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. This is upwards of nine months? A. Yes. I believe the prisoner is the man who pawned the seal; there is a man named Lancaster, who was tried at the Sessions this time, but I do not know whether he was at the office.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. Lancaster was in my custody, and has been tried. The prisoner came to the door of the Police-office, and gave me a pocket-book, containing some duplicates, and the affidavit about the seal in question; he desired me to lay them before Sir 
               
                  George 
                  Farrant
               



             - he said the pocket-book was his own property. The seal was owned at the second examination. Lancaster was not tried about this seal, but for some other parcels - the prisoner was a witness against him. Lancaster owned himself the proprietor of the steam-packet office. - Abbott had been a clerk there.
Cross-examined. Q. Had not the prisoner an opportunity of destroying this pocket-book if he chose? A. Yes - he came of his own accord and gave it up.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
