






1328. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WESTON
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WESTON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 1 phial of Cayenne-pepper, value 1s., and 1 pot of tamarinds, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Dadds
               




            , and another.
WILLIAM DADDS. I am a grocer
, and live in Leadenhall-street


, in partnership with Mr. Eding. On the 27th of April, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the counting-house, Stevens came in and said, our window was cut - I ran out; Stevens said, "Follow me;" I called two men - we pursued the prisoners andtook them; we found this property on John Weston, about eighteen doors from my house; it was safe, and the glass secure half an hour before.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . About eleven o'clock on the 27th of April, I saw the prisoners near the window; I saw Jones with a knife cutting the putty - I crossed over, and immediately they broke the window; James cut the window - John was close to him, holding a bag over his arm - I went and told Mr. Dadds, who came out, and we took them; I am certain of their persons - they were taken in five minutes; I never lost sight of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREY
               



            . I am an officer. I found this bottle and pot of tamarinds in John's pocket, and this knife with putty on it; the putty appeared quite fresh cut - I found on James a sack.
JOHN WESTON'S Defence. I was standing above a yard from him, the knife was not out of my pocket, I passed the window and picked these things up.
JOHN WESTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JAMES WESTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
