








558. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MONTIER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DUFF
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BATESON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHERRICK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 chest, value 2s., and 79lbs. weight of tea, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dorsett
                        




.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. About seven o'clock in the evening of the 7th of January, I was in Shoreditch


, and saw a close-bodied cart going along with a tail-board behind it - the driver was in the cart; I saw Montier jump up and look into the cart - I followed him, and saw him join three or four more persons, who appeared to be in company with him; the cart went on the corner of Kingsland-road, where it stopped - Montier and his companions waited altogether while the cart stopped; it then went on, the horse trotted, and they all ran after it - it stopped again at the turnpike to pay the toll; they waited behind the turnpike, at a little distance from it - I believe there were five of them in all; in their progress up the road I saw Sherrick, who was one of them, look back a great many times - I still kept following; I cannot speak to Duff and Bateson, but I can to Montier and Sherrick - I cannot say that Duff and Bateson were not two of them, as I had not an opportunity of seeing their faces; the cart then went on to a public-house near the bridge, and there it was very light from the gas - I saw the tail-board was down; I do not know who had let it down, but the prisoners had kept passing backwards and forwards across the road - I pushed on a little faster, and passed two of the party, but cannot say who they were, as when I passed them I stooped down and rubbed my leg, and said "How bad it is," by which means I passed them without their noticing me; I then saw Montier and another man carrying a chest of tea - I ran up to them, and they bowled it down a bank into a field; I said, "What are you doing with this?" they looked up, and ran away - I went down the bank, got up the tea, took it to a public-house, and soon after Robinson brought in Bateson and Sherrick; I identified Sherrick as one of the party: on the 12th Duff and Montier were taken, and I identified Montier- I have no doubt of the persons of Montier and Sherrick; I found the owner of the tea the same night - the carman went on with his cart; he did not miss it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it not rather a dark night? A. Yes; I do not know where Montier lived - it is a common sized cart; I think the carman was sitting on one of the chests; I think the chest that was taken was within a yard of him - Bateson was brought into the public-house in about five minutes; Robertson, Wintle, and a butcher, who is not here, were with me -I kept thirty or forty yards from them, but when the tea was taken I had ran up, and was within ten yards of them.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am a headborough of Shoreditch. On the evening in question I saw Montier, Duff, and Bateson near Worship-street, in Shoreditch, and a fourth person in their company; I lost sight of them, and then met them again in Shoreditch, following a cart - supposing they knew me, I drew back; they passed Fryer, who was with me - there was a good light from a porkshop, and I looked well at them; I saw Montier cross the road, make a spring, and look in at the tail of the cart - he came back and joined his companions; the cart went on to the corner of Kingsland-road - the carman went into a grocer's shop; they all stopped in a body - there was a light in the grocer's shop, which enabled me to see them; I am not able to say whether there were more than four at that time - the cart went on to the toll-bar; the prisoners passed a little further, and waited - the cart went on, and they went on; I followed them, and then observed Sherrick - there were five persons then; Sherrick turned round two or three times - they kept crossing from one side to the other - the cart then began to trot, and they set out on a run; I and Fryer ran too - the cart suddenly stopped its pace, and Fryer came up with Bateson and another who is not in custody; Fryer said "Dear me, how lame I am;" I kept by the side of Bateson, and saw Montier and Duff go into the road, take hold of the chest, and carry it between them - Fryer and I ran towards them; they let go of the chest and ran off - he called Stop thief! and I made after Montier, who ran into Black Horse-field; it was dark and very muddy- I lost him in the field; I then returned, and met with Wintle, and as I came up I saw Sherrick, Bateson, and the person who is not in custody; I said "Here are some of the parties," and we made towards them - I heard Bateson say to the person who has absconded"How d-d lame he was, wasn't he, did you see him run?" I followed them with Wintle and another person, who had promised to assist him; I seized the man who has absconded, and Bateson at the same time - Bateson began to be obstreperous, and the other got away; Wintle then came up and took Sherrick: on the 12th I apprehended Montier and Duff, in Shoreditch - they were in company with a person who I believe was the person who got away on the 7th, but I could not swearto him; as I took them to the watch-house, Montier said what did I want with them - I said "It is nothing but insulting a woman;" but when I got him to the watch-house I told him what it was for; I had seen them before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. A hair-dresser; I have lived in Shoreditch twelve years - I suppose Bateson was about ten yards from me when the others took the tea; I was between him and them- I suppose Bateson was about thirty yards from them; I cannot say that I saw Bateson put his hand on the cart or the tea, but he passed and re-passed the cart frequently -I went after Montier in the field, and lost him; I came back to the road, and found Bateson on the other side of the way, nearly opposite the place where I left him - he was walking in conversation with the other two; I was in the field about a minute and a half - when I returned to the road I suppose thirty people had collected, from Fryers' having cried Stop thief! I collared him, and he took me by the neck with both arms - I knew Montier by following him on different evenings.
COURT. Q. When Montier was pursued, did they all run away? A. Yes; they ran towards Shoreditch - when I returned, they were coming from Shoreditch to the spot where the tea had been taken.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM WINTLE
               



            . I am a headborough. Fryer called me from my own door - as soon as my wife came in I went; I heard the cry of Stop thief! came up, and took Sherrick and Bateson.
Cross-examined. Q. Had Robertson come out of the field when you saw him? A. He was just coming out; I had heard the cry of Stop thief! about five minutes before I came up - I had heard it two or three times; Bateson must have heard it - there was scarcely a soul about there, but there were some people further on; Bateson might have escaped if he chose, but there would have been a greater chance of his being taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am carman to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dorsett
               



            , of Tower Royal. I had three chests of tea in my cart; I went up Shoreditch, and stopped at a grocer's at the corner, to ask if they knew the person I was going to, as it might be a new shop - I stopped at the toll-bar and paid 6d.; I was looking at the different shops - I looked round and saw my tail-board was down, and one chest gone; I said to a little boy "Did you see any body near me?" Yes, said he - I said "It will not do for me to stop;" so I went on, and delivered the two chests at Kingsland - in coming back I met a boy, who said "Your chest is found;" this is the chest I will swear - it was going to Mr. Mather, at Kingsland.


                  THOMAS 
                  DORSETT
               



            . This is the chest that was stolen out of my cart - it contained 79lbs. weight of tea, and is worth about 20l.
MONTIER'S Defence. I was not on the spot at all.
DUFF'S Defence. I was at home at work at the time.
SHERRICK'S Defence. I was going up the road to meet a young woman to carry a box for her; I know no more of the robbery than you do.
MONTIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
DUFF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BATESON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SHERRICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
