





1037. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BECK
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, one watch, value 10 s.; one chain, value 6 d.; two seals, value 10 s., and one key, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harrod
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM HARROD. On Sunday, the 8th of July, I was in Portpool-lane


, about ten o'clock at night, with my wife and daughter, going down Gray's-inn-lane, home; and four young men were walking behind us - as I put my foot on the step of the door to ring the bell, they passed - one came back, asked if that was No. 26, and took my watch out of my pocket; I said,
"You have got my watch," he ran towards Tash-court, I followed, and caught him, but was knocked down by two of the party, and he got away - I cannot say the prisoner is the man.


                  ANN 
                  HARROD
               



            . I was with my father; we stood at the door to be let in; four young lads passed us, and in a few moments, one of them returned, and asked my father if that was No. 26 - my father said,
"He has taken my watch;" he ran across the road, and my father caught him at the end of Tash-court - two of his companions knocked my father down, and all three ran up the court, I pursued, calling
"Stop thief!" and at the top of the court, I saw the prisoner, he asked which way the three ran; I told him all three ran down Tash-court, and he was the fourth, for he was one of the party - he said, "Do you say, Miss, that I took your father's watch?" I said, "You are one of the party." He said, he would go any where with me; he came down to the bottom of the court with me, and I gave him in charge - I am sure he is one of them, he is not the one who took it, but he is one of the four, I am certain.


                  JOHN 
                  DORAN
               



            . On Sunday night, about half-past nine o'clock, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" I went to the door, and the last witness gave the prisoner in my charge for robbing her father - I held him some minutes, she said, he was one of the party but not the man who did it. I let him go. and he ran away; I am sure he is the man I stopped.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I took him in custody on the 9th of July.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw five of them run up the street; and went to see what was the matter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
