





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
971. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BAKER alias EDWARD 
REILY





            , was indicted for 


               stealing on the 26th of February
, 269 lbs. weight of lead, value 44s., the goods of, and belonging to 
                     
                        George 
                        Dawson
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Child
                     



                  , and fixed to a certain building of theirs
            .
GEORGE DAWSON. I am in partnership with Francis Child, we are wine-merchants

, and have several houses at Islington


; our servant is in possession of them for us.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDENER
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in George-place, Holloway. I keep my cows in a field adjoining Mr. Dawson's premises - I went there about seven o'clock in the evening, on the 20th of February, and heard something on the houses; I went up to the cows - returned, and heard the noise again; it appeared to be on the slates of the house - I heard it several times, and at nine o'clock I spoke to the watchman - we went to the houses; I stopped in front, while he went round - the prisoner and another person came down from inside one of the houses - the other got away; I followed the prisoner for near a mile, and near the New North Bridge; I called for him to be stopped, and he was stopped - I had never lost sight of him; I am certain he ran from the house where I heard the knocking - I went on the roof after he was secured and found five pieces of lead weighing more than 200 lbs. rolled up, it was quite fresh cut.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a watchman. On this night I saw the prisoner running without his shoes, pursued by Gardener - I stopped him, and took him to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLANNAGAN
               



            . I am a watchman. Gardener came to me - I went to the house with him, and heard somebody on the roof; I saw the prisoner and another person come down. they both ran away from the back of the house - we followed; and the prisoner was secured - I was not near enough to swear to his face; I went on the roof by a ladder - there were no stairs; I found five rolls of lead which I saw matched, it corresponded exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARPER
               



            . I found a pair of high shoes, about twenty yards from the back of the premises; they fit the prisoner - there is a bunnion on his right foot, which corresponds with a mark on the right shoe.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Barnet; I fellsleep, and my shoes were taken off my feet at the foot(Highgate-hill; I got up walked on, and was taken.
GEORGE HARPER. The prisoner gave this letter to a person to put into the post, it was stopped. - (read.)
To Mrs. Payne, at Mr. Dixons, Blacksmith, James-street, Bethnal Green.
DEAR SARAH, - I am sorry to inform you I am in trouble, in a charge of stealing lead, and am at Hatton-Garden; if you will go to Mr. Hardens and inform them, and ask them if they have got a pair of his old ones to lend me. I shall be at Newgate or Clerkenwell; I hope you will not take it to eart; do not forget Edward Riley; I have gone by the ame of Edward Baker.'



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
