






311. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               




             and 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  DAVIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November, 1 fork, value 4s. 6d.; 1 spade, value 3s. 6d., and 1 saw, value 5s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ebenezer 
                  Benham
               




            .
EBENEZER BENHAM. I am an ironmonger
, and live at Uxbridge


. This fork, spade, and saw were in a tool-house, attached to a small cottage, where I reside; I had seen them safe on the 27th of November, and they were missed the first thing next morning, when the gardener came to work; I made inquiries at a small broker's-shop, and directed them to stop them if they should be brought there. About twelve o'clock that day, a woman, named Stokes, came and gave me information, but she is not to be found. This trial was put off last Session, in consequence of her absence, but we cannot find her.


                  JOHN 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of the robbery, and took the prisoners into custody on the 28th of November, and found the things at the broker's-shop; I made the prisoners no threat nor promise. I had previously taken Catherine Stokes into custody, and when before the Magistrate I heard her state, in the presence of both the prisoners, that they had given them to her to sell, and she had sold them to Ebers - they heard that, and said what she stated was true; I am confident they said so: when I went to take them they asked what I wanted them for; I said I would tell them presently. I asked them how they came in possession of the tools which they had directed Stokes to sell; Taylor said he had had them a length of time, and had worked with them in the brick fields - Stokes charged them both with it, and Davis said he knew nothing about them; this was before they went to the Magistrate, but when there, they both stated that whatStokes said was true. These are the tools. Stokes is a women of the town. The prisoners live about three quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's.


                  CHARLES 
                  COTTRELL
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I know these tools to be his; I had worked with this spade the day before; I locked them up in the tool-house in the evening - the door was not open in the morning.
COURT to the PROSECUTOR. Q. How did they get into the tool-house? A. I have no doubt but they got over the door; there is a space through which a boy, or perhaps a man, might get - we saw a footmark on the padlock of the door.
DAVIS' Defence. I had nothing to do with the tools. - I met that woman between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, going with them.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
