





861. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FLINN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, I gown, value 12s.; 7 yards of linen, value 14s.; I apron, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 ring, value 4s.; 1 brooch, value 6d.; 1 collar, value 8d., and 1 thimble, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rumsey
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  ANN 
                  RUMSEY
               



            . I am the wife of William Rumsey, and live at No. 2, Smithfield-bars


. The prisoner came to my service on the 26th of March, with a good character, and on the 28th I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which were safe when she came - she gown was in a drawer, which was not locked; the linen was kept in the linen-chest; the key was left in the chest - the ring was kept in a looking-glass; they were not locked up - she was the only servant
 in the house; I saw all the things safe a few hours before she came into my service, and on the 28th of March I found she had my gown on her back- her own gown was pinned close over it; I charged her with stealing it, and she swore positively that it was her own: I found in her possession a pocket handkerchief and an apron; they were concealed in her bedroom, between her bed and mattress - nobody but her slept in that room; she said they were her's, till the mark was shown to her by the patrol; the linen cloth was found thrown out of her room window; it was cut off a pieceof twenty-four yards, in the chest; there was a door on the staircase, parting it from the coffee-room - a person might slip through the door up stairs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 28th of March, the prisoner was given into my charge, between six and seven o'clock. charged with stealing her mistress' gown; I saw it on her back - she said it was her own; she was in the act of taking off her gown which was over it when I entered the room; I went into her bed-room, and saw her in the act of putting the apron and handkerchief into her pocket; I took them from her - she said they were her own - and when I shewed her her mistress' name in full she did not claim them any more; the handkerchief has the name at length - there is W. R. on the apron; a piece of linen was brought in by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Medd
               



             from the window; Rumsey said it had been cut off some in her chest; I gave them to the constable.


                  SARAH 
                  MEDD
               



            . I am Mrs. Rumsey's niece. I found the linen in the area under the prisoner's bed-room window - I did not see it fall from the window; it might have dropped from any of the back windows; I saw it compared with the linen in the chest - it tallied with it; the prisoner said nothing about that, there were seven yards of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HOOPER
               



            . I am constable of the night. I saw the prisoner in the watch-house; a gown, apron, and handkerchief, were delivered to me, claimed by Mrs. Rumsey; the linen was afterwards delivered to me; I said to the prisoner, "Do you persist in saying the gown is yours;" she said, "Yes, and I can bring a person forward who made it for me;" this was an hour after she was brought to the watch-house; but when a person said she had altered the gown for the prosecutrix, then the prisoner begged her mistress' pardon.
MRS. RUMSEY. I had had the gown for twelve months; I never gave her permission to take it, but told her never to go into my room; my name is on the handkerchief at full length, and my husband's initials on the apron.
Prisoner's Defence. I went up stairs and took the gown out to try it on, not intending to steal it - but hearing her coming up, I pulled my own over it till I could get it off in my own room; I came down to take it off; she charged me with stealing it, and got a man to hold me that I should not take it off till the constable came; I thought the apron was mine till I saw the mark.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
