





1451. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 10 bushels of coals, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Berthon
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a waterman and lighterman- these coals were taken from Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Berthon
               



            's barge, in the Regent's-canal dock


; I have known the prisoner some years - he has worked for Mr. Moulden, a stone-merchant. On the 12th of July, between eleven and one o'clock in the night, I saw the prisoner go from Mr. Moulden's barge, the Sister, to Mr. Berthon's barge, the William - he stepped from his own barge to that, and took some coals, some of which are here; I was employed on board my own barge, which was loaded with stone for Mr. Freeman, of Westminster, I was pumping - it was about ten minutes after twelve o'clock when I first saw the prisoner taking coals from the William barge, and putting them on board the Sister; I watched him for about twenty minutes - I think he took between nine and ten bushels; when he was putting them under the head sheets of his own barge I went to him, and said, "Richard, you are going on too hard" - he said, "I am only getting a bit to burn in my cabin;" I said, such weather as this, it was more than was wanted - he said I ought to trouble my head about my own business, every poor man ought to live; I called the watchman from the dock - he came with his lantern; the prisoner said the watchman should see what there was, but I should not, as I was no officer - he then said there was only one bushel; the watchman put down his light, and identified that there was more than that - I then sent for the lighterman, but could not find him; I sent to fetch Jones, the officer - the watchman went for him, and the prisoner made his escape; he told me if I would say no more about it he would take the coals forward, and put them back - there were from nine to ten bushels found in the fore-sheets.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why did you not stop him? A. I had no power; he escaped out of the dock - he did not surrender himself the next morning; he was taken by Jones and Jordan in the Commercial-road - I have known him four or five years; I had no quarrel with him - I was pumping the water out of my barge, about eighteen feet from the William; the moon was darkened by a cloud - I hid myself in a steam barge; there was no other person on board to my knowledge - he said he had taken a knob or two to light his fire; and he had not been working at it for twenty minutes - he took them with his hands.


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer; the watchman came to me - I went on the barge, between twelve and one o'clock; the prisoner was not there - I found under the fore-sheets of the Sister, about ten bushels of coals; they were what are generally called round coals - it appeared to me that the bulk of the William had been broken, and the coal in the Sister was of the same quality - there were two different sorts of coal; he took part of each - I locked the coals under the head sheets, till the morning, when I saw the bargeman.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where is the watchman? A. He was not bound over; I was examined at the Thames Police in the absence of the prisoner, but the deposition was read before him - I do not know that the watchman said it was all spite against the man, and he would have nothing to do with it; he was not in before the Magistrate, when I was - I did not find any coals in the cabin, but only some small dust; upon my oath I did not find half a dozen lumps of coal there - it would not take a man long to carry ten bushels of coals in his hands, from one barge to another; they were lying close together - I met him in the Commercial-road, on the Sunday; he did not surrender till we took him - I have known him two or three years; I cannot prove any thing against him before, and will not say any thing I cannot prove - I did not go for him that night, as it was so very late; I knew he lived at Paddington; I was going to see for him on Sunday, and met him - he did not ask me if there was a warrant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am a Thames police-officer. I went to take the prisoner; we found him just before five o'clock on the Sunday afternoon, coming down towards the canal; I asked if his name was Parsons; he said Yes - I asked where he took the coals from; he said he took four lumps, three he had kept, and one he threw back again - on taking him to the office he said he was very sorry for it, and he hoped he should get off with a fine - Iwent on board the William, and found in the room where the Welch coals were, that some had been taken from the bulk; I missed some lumps from that room, and from another room as well - I did not see the coals on board the prisoner's barge, they had been removed; I brought a sample of the coals here - the prisoner said he was very sorry, and had a wife and four children.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not say he took them for his fire? A. He said he was wet through and took them to make a fire; we all went in before the Magistrate together, but the depositions were taken in the private room - they are often taken in the absence of the accused, but they are read over to them; we are not sworn till we go before the Magistrate - it is taken down and then we go and swear to it; it is read, and, we are asked if it is all true - there was a watchman there; I did not hear him say he would have nothing to do with it; I was in and out of the room very often - the watchman was in the office waiting, but the clerk thought his deposition was not of any importance; I heard him say that the prisoner went over the wall of the dock - I had never known the prisoner before; his barge was in the Regent's canal - he was coming there on the Sunday - my brother officer knew him and I saw him talk to him - I went and asked if his name was Parsons; I believe my brother officer knew that he lived at Paddington - I did not see Jones till about twelve o'clock on the Sunday; I told him I would meet him at three, at the canal.


                  JOHN 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am a lighterman, in the prosecutor's employ. The coals in the William were his: I was shown some coals by the officer, and, as far as I am able to judge, they appeared to be of the same quality - the bulk had been broken; I went to examine it, and think about nine or ten bushels had been taken - there were some Welch coals, and some others.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known the prisoner? A. Yes, between two and three years; I had no particular acquaintance with him - he was a working man; I saw his wife at the Thames Police-office, and he has, I believe, two children.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the coals; there are lads in the canal who belong to barges, frequently out of births; they are glad to get into barges to make a fire and sleep there - I have gone often and seen a fire on board the barges, when I have not been there for twelve hours; whether they put the coals there or not I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
