





Before Mr. Recorder.
167. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GIBBONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .


                  MARY 
                  DUNKLEY
               



            . I am a servant at Daventry. I was first cousin to 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Morgan
                  



               
            , the prisoner was married to her in 1817. I was present. She had lived with her friends, who were flax-dressers. She was single. They lived together at Daventry about a year and a half. The prisoner is a shoemaker
; they had no children. I saw her alive last night; she lives with her friends in Northampton. I saw the ceremony performed, and put my mark to the register.
Prisoner. Q. Did not she leave me and go to live with another man - A. Not to my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I saw this copy taken from the register at Daventry. I am the father of the second wife. I saw Mr. Williams, the minister copy it from the book.
(Read.)


                     MARY ANN 
                     PARSONS
                  



               
            . I live in New Peter-street, Westminster. I was married to the prisoner on the 19th of May
 last, at St. Margaret's, Westminster


. We were acuainted from July last year. I did not know he had been married before. I lived with my father at the time, I worked at the book binding. I had no property. I found out in November, that he was married before. I saw his first wife. He lived with me till I discovered it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARSONS
               



            . The prosecutrix is my daughter. I objected to the marriage, having heard that he was married before, and told him so, he denied it. They went to church without my knowledge. He always denied being married. I had no positive evidence of it till November.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 6th of November. I told him the charge; he asked if both his wives were there. He was locking a box, and I asked him for the key. He said he knew what I wanted, and gave me the certificate of the second marriage out of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I have a faint knowledge that I was married to Morgan, and on the 26th of March she went to live with another man. I wrote to her repeatedly to return, but she refused.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
