






171. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARCHER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BRADSHAW
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, a seal, value 4 l., a key, value 10 s. and a chain, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        M'Kanon
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS M'KANON. I live in King-Edward-street, Wapping, and am an oilman
. On the 20th of November, about eight, in the evening, I was in a house in Chapel-street, Commercial-road


, I was perfectly sober, I was going in company with two young men in pursuit of a woman who had robbed me, Archer, met one of the two men, I spoke to him and told him who we were looking for, he joined us to assist, and after going a short way he asked me to treat him with some porter, and on coming to this house he said
"My sister lives hear, will you go in and have it." - it was a private house, one of the men and I went into the ground floor room, they sent for the porter, I had no money, Archer said,
"Will you put your watch in that tea-caddy, and we will find porter." Bradshaw and another woman were in the room, I refused and then he drew near to me, and made a snatch at my watch, my fob was twisted, the chain which was steel broke, it had a gold seal and key to it, which cost me 4 l. 10 s., he rushed out of the room directly, I pursued but he got off with it, Bradshaw said nothing, I gave information at Lambeth-street, and he was apprehended, I have not recovered my property, I am certain the prisoner is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you perfectly sober - A. Yes, when he robbed me, I might have been intoxicated three-quarters of an hour before, only one link on my chain was left, I had been drinking with a friend in George-street, Minories, about four o'clock that afternoon, we had three bottles of wine between us. I left there between six and seven o'clock.
COURT. Q. Were you going the nearest way home - A. I had been robbed that evening of 129 l. at a house about thirty yards from the house he took me to, and was looking for the woman. I got sober after being robbed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street, On the 21st of November, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prosecutor who complained of being robbed, he pointed out the house in Chapel-street, I found Bradshaw there, he described the man to me, I took Bradshaw to a public-house, and as I came out I saw Archer pass, I called to Plunkett and the moment he saw me he ran off, I pursued, he got away, Plunkett took him, I knew him before, we took him into the public-house where the prosecutor was, he said that was the man who snatched his chain and seals. I found nothing on him.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am an officer, the prosecutor described the prisoner to me, I followed and took the prisoner, he ran a full half-mile, we had said nothing to him.
Prisoner's Defence. He swore to me because I wore a round frock, I was at my brother's from six o'clock at night till ten in the morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . He described him as a bricklayer , dressed in fustian, he was so dressed when I took him.
ARCHER - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
BRADSHAW - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
