






1092. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  RYAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Bradley
                     



                  , on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 5l.
            , his property; and 
               
                  JAMES HICKEY 
                  HINDS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
JAMES BRADLEY. On Sunday night, the 20th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Blue Anchor-yard, Rosemary-lane



 - I was sober enough to know what I was about - I was going in search of two men belonging to my vessel, at some of the taverns. I fell in company with a young woman, and while I was talking to her two young women and the prisoner Ryan came up and asked me to give them some drink - I said Yes, if they could find the men I wanted - presently Ann Clisset came up and said, "Bradlay, is that you?" I said Yes - I asked her to go and have something to drink, and we all six went into a public-house; they were all women but me- I treated them with some gin, and had a pipe of tobacco myself; they all stood at the bar; I knew none of them but Clisset; we came out of the house together; I walked a few paces from the door - Ryan then clapped her hand to my watch, to take it out of my fob - I caught hold of her hand, and said, "Don't do that again" - I had not moved her a minute, before she seized it, and got it out of my pocket - they all set off running in different directions - I followed one to a house, and told the watchman - he took her - I am positive of Ryan's person, for I talked more to her than any person.


                  ANN 
                  CLISSETT
               



            . On the 20th of May, about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw Bradley in Rosemary-lane - I have known him these twelve years; four women were talking to him, and Ryan was one of them - I said, "Is that you Bradley?" he said Yes, and we all went into the public-house together; he had a pint of beer at the bar; we came out - Ryan kept very close to him; she snatched his watch out, and ran round the corner with it - I am sure she is the girl - I knew her before - we were all sober.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. On the Tuesday night after the robbery; I went to Hinds' house in Rosemary-lane - I asked him where the watch was which he had on Monday; he said he had no watch - I asked him where the pawnbroker's ticket was; he said he had none - I said I was informed he had, and should take him into custody; he then said he would not be taken innocently, and he would tell all about it; that a young women who lived with him had brought the watch, and he had pawned it in Holborn, but did not know where - he had given the ticket to the young woman's brother, and that she was in the corner house; a bonnet and a shawl laid in the room - I went to search this house, and there was an alarm that a woman had ran out of the house, without a bonnet and shawl;(this was at one o'clock in the morning;) I took Ryan to the watch-house; he said I should find the woman who had run away, at a house in St. Giles' - I took Hinds with me, and about two o'clock, found her by St. Giles' church without her bonnet and shawl - Bradley who was with me, said she was the woman, the moment he saw her, and at the watch-house the claimed the bonnet and shawl which I had brought from Hinds' room - Ryan said it was not her who took the watch, but another woman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARRE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Muncaster, a pawnbroker, of Skinner-street. On the 21st of May, theprisoner Hinds pawned this watch for 21s., in the name of Hinds', No. 7, King-street - I am positive he is the man.
JAMES BRADLEY. I am certain that is my watch - she took it in an instant - I had not time to resist.
RYAN'S Defence. I was not near him; this girl stood by him, and took the watch; she said he was her husband; she gave it to me to hold while she went up a court, and I gave it this man in return to her.
HINDS' Defence. This woman gave me the watch, and said it belonged to a young woman, and being intoxicated I went in and pawned it.
RYAN - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HINDS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
