





746. 
               
                  SOPHIA 
                  CORCORAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 10s.; 1 spectacle-case, value 2d.; 1 napkin, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 2 books, value 2s.; 1 yard of lace, value 1s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lycett
               




            , her master.
EDWARD LYCETT. I live in Windsor-terrace, City-road, and am a book-binder
. The prisoner lived with me, as maid of all-work
; she was hired by the year. We had lost many things, and I spoke to her about some articles which had been given by my wife to wash - the property stated in the indictment was found in her box, on Friday evening, the 17th of March - I had called her up, and told her we had missed such and such articles, and I wished to see her boxes - in the first box we found soap, tea, candles, and other things, which we could not identify - she then took her other box from under her bed - she could not find the key; she went to get a knife to open it, and as soon as it was opened I saw my silk handkerchief; Mrs. Lycett then said, "I should not wonder if my ring is there;" the prisoner then said, "Oh! ma'am, if you will forgive me I will tell you - it is all your property" - I know these articles to be mine.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I am an officer. I found the box in Mr. Lycett's parlour, when I was sent for. I found the prisoner sitting on the stairs, crying; the articles were given into my charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When I was cleaning my mistress' bed-room I found the ring between the wardrobe and the drawers - it was broken, and I thought I would keep it, and then I thought I would give it to my mistress - one of the napkins belongs to me, and I washed it with one of my mistress', but I did not know which was her's, as mine was not marked; I had taken the books to read, and I used the spectacles of an evening, but I intended to return them; the lace was on an old cap, and very dirty, but I washed it - the handkerchief I had put round my neck one night, when I went out to look for a situation, but I did not mean to keep it.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor, having behaved well in her situation
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
