





869. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, one handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Coleman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

GEORGE COLEMAN. I am a sweep
. On the 24th of April, between three and four o'clock, in the afternoon, I was in Crown-court, St. James's


, with Matthews, and felt my handkerchief go out of my coat pocket. I put my hand down, and missed it, turned round and saw the prisoner about six yards off, coming towards me; he suddenly turned into a hair-dresser's shop, I followed him, and saw him drop the handkerchief in the shop behind him. I picked it up - it was mine. I said, he took it; he said he was sure I was wrong. I said, I was not mistaken, and while I was talking to him, he dropped it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a sweep. I was with Coleman; he called out
"I have lost my handkerchief, there goes the man into that shop." We directly followed him in - he was asking for Dr. Williams. Coleman said,
"You have got my handkerchief;" he said he was mistaken. I saw it lay down behind him, and fetched an officer.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEEDHAM
               



            . I took him in charge - he denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor said to Mr. Williams, he could get a genteel living by prosecuting people, and being bribed not to appear, and getting his expences.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I never prosecuted, or gave evidence before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
