





2020. 
               
                  
                     JAMES FREDERICK 
                     DELDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 chair, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Thomason
                  




               
            ; and that he, at the General Session for the Delivery of the Gaol of Newgate, held at Justice Hall, in the Old Bailey, on Thursday, the 15th day of January, in the ninth year of the reign of the present King, was convicted of felony, by the name of 
               

James Pearce

            .


                  JAMES 
                  THOMASON
               



            . I am a broker
. I came home at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, on the 28th of September - my shop is small, and in making room I put this chair, which had been in the middle of the shop, at my door; in a few minutes it was gone - I went down Old-street, and saw the prisoner offering it at a bookseller's shop for sale; I went up, took the chair, collared him, and gave him to the watchman - he said he had received it from a woman, but I saw no woman.
Prisoner. Q.Where is your shop? A. No 35, Old-street


, between Whitecross-street and Bunhill-row, on the same side; I heard a person say you were seen in Featherstone-street with a woman, but I did not see you - I took the chair from your shoulder; you were twenty doors from my house.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I am a bookseller. The chair was offered to me by the prisoner, and I refused to purchase it - the prisoner took it out of my shop, and I saw the prosecutor take him in front of my house; I did not hear what he asked for the chair - I do not think he asked any price, as I positively refused to buy it; I heard him tell the prosecutor he had it from a woman.
Prisoner. Q.Did you hear the prosecutor say he could bring a person to say he saw me with it in Featherstone-street? A. No.


                  PETER 
                  GANNING
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARLE
               



            . I received the prisoner and the chair - I found this passport on him.
The prisoner, in a very long address to the Court, narrated the particulars of his travels abroad, stated himself to have been in great poverty, and that he had bought the chair of a woman in Banner-street.


                  JOHN 
                  PARRY
               



            . I produce a copy of the former conviction of the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Pearce
               



             - I was present, and know he is the man; the Jury subscribed 1s. a-piece, and gave him, on account of his pleading distress - he was fined 1s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged. 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
