





535. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TRAVWICKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 1 wooden case, value 5s.; 12 account-books, value 10l.; 3 reams of blotting-paper, value 2l. 10s.; 2000 pieces of printed paper, value 4l., and 1 ream of writing-paper, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                   and another, the same being upon a certain quay, adjacent to the navigable River Thames
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Robert Smith; he is in partnership with his son - they are wharfinger
s, at Galley-quay


. On the night of the 9th of December, in consequence of suspicion, I watched masters' premises- there was a box of account-books placed under some bags of wool; it was sent to be shipped to the West Indies - it was under No. 3 crane on the quay, and markedB. L.; I saw the prisoner on the quay about half-past ten o'clock - he had no business there: I saw him remove this box from under the bags of wool - I then left the quay, and told Wood what I had seen; he came and relieved me from the watch - I went, and returned again almost immediately, with a constable; we all three watched - I saw the prisoner come back again: the case was where he had left it, which was about two feet from the spot where it had been; there was a gas-light opposite - when he returned he had got something, with which he attempted to open the chest, by shoving it under the lid; the constable immediately seized him, and a crowbar was thrown down just by me - I found it, but cannot swear it was the instrument he used: I had never seen it on the quay before - I gave it to the constable; I went to the case, and put it back again.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How large was the case? A. About two feet two inches wide; it was not very heavy, but more than he could carry away without being seen - it weighed about 1 1/2cwt.; he was not in masters' service - I have known him many years as a lighterman about the quays: the gate was half shut - he could not see us.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he know the wharf and quay were Mr. Smith's? A. Yes; the case was opened next morning, and contained the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth above 18l.; there was B. L. in large letters on it.


                  JONATHAN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Smith and Son. Payne came to me - I went and placed myself between two bags of wool, and could see the case, which had been moved about two feet; I saw the prisoner in about five or ten minutes, come and turn the case round - it was lying on the side; I saw him trying to wrench the lid, with something - he then walked away, came back again twice, and hit it with something each time, and coughed at the same time, he walked away, and went up the gateway; I watched him up the gateway -Payne and the constable came down; we went to the case, and there was a chisel sticking in it, between the head and the upper end - I went up into the crane-room- Payne and the constable concealed themselves, and in five minutes he returned to the case, and began to try to open it with something; the constable seized him, and I saw him throw down a small crow-bar - there was the print of the crow-bar on the case; I tried both that and the chisel next morning, and the marks corresponded.
Cross-examined. Q. Could not the box be easily carried away? A. I do not think he could carry it.
COURT. Q. Had a stranger any business on the wharf? A. If there had been craft laying there, but there was not then, to my knowledge.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a constable. Payne gave me information; I went with him through the gateway to Galley-quay, and got by the wicket - we met the prisoner coming up; I spoke to him, knowing him well - I went down the quay; they shewed me the chest with a chisel sticking in it, standing on its end - we went and sat down on the wool bags, and in four or five minutes the prisoner returned, came to the same place again, and began knocking; I said, "Halloo," and heard a piece of iron fall - Wood picked up the crow-bar; I had then taken the prisoner into custody, seeing him attempt to open the case.
Cross-examined. Q. Does the quay belong exclusively to Mr. Smith? A. I believe he rents it; a number of craft come to it - I met nobody but the prisoner at the gate; I believe he is a married man, and has a large family - I have known him thirteen or fourteen years; he belonged to the Tender; I produce the chisel and crowbar.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I gave this chisel to Benjamin Payne. I found it near the case next morning - it has every appearance of the one which stuck in the case.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been employed near the prosecutors' for fourteen years, without suspicion; I had been out of regular employ, and only earned 5s. a week for my wife and three children - my goods have since been taken for rent, and my family gone to the work-house; I have served his Majesty some years - I trust you will take this into your serious consideration.
MR. SMITH. My son is my only partner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
