






1967. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BOWDEN
               




             and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Basil 
                        Francis
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. BASIL FRANCIS. I am living with a friend, in Featherstone-buildings - I am not in business. On the 16th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, I was going towards the City, and was stopped by Carlisle, at the bottom of Skinner-street; he asked me if I had lost a handkerchief - I felt and missed it - I am sure I had it safe when I left home: my wife and nephew were walking with me; Carlisle desired me to return with him, and he would recover my handkerchief - I went, and found the prisoners in custody, at Mr. Raven's, the grocer, at the bottom of Holborn-hill; my handkerchief was produced at the Compter, by the officer - it was the same I had had in my pocket before; I had perceived nobody near me.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am a night-patrol of the Mansion-house. I was coming down Holborn-hill


, and saw Mr. Francis with a gentleman and lady; I observed the prisoners near him, in company with another, who turned down Field-lane, - I saw Sullivan go up to the prosecutor's nephew, and feel his pocket - there was nothing taken then: he turned towards the prosecutor - I saw him take his handkerchief about six or seven inches out, then Bowden went up and took it quite out, took off his cap, and threw it into it; he turned round a corner, where a house is being pulled down; I told the prosecutor I thought his pocket was picked - I turned back, and took them both at the corner of Field-lane; I took off Bowden's cap, and found the handkerchief in it: Mr. Francis followed me to the Compter, and he said it was his.(Property produced and sworn to.)

BOWDEN'S Defence. I picked the handkerchief up on Snow-hill.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I know as much about it as any gentleman here.
BOWDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
