





Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
211. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TOMKINS
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Kepple
                     



                  , in the night of the 5th of January
, and stealing 1 gown, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Ferris
                     



                  , spinster

.
HANNAH FERRIS. I am servant
 to Mr. John Kepple, who keeps a public-house
, in Mary-le-bone-street


. The prisoner was a servant
 in the house for two months, and had been discharged about a month - on Thursday, the 5th of January - on which day, about six o'clock in the evening, I went up to my room, and saw the prisoner come out of the next room to my own; I ran down - he ran down after me; I called master when I got to the bottom of the stairs; the prisoner ran out at the street door: master followed him; the officer brought him back. I went up to the room which he had come out of, and found my gown there; my own door was open, and a strange key in it; I had locked it at four o'clock, and had the key in my pocket; I had left the gown in my own room; it was dark.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN KEPPLE. I keep the Wheatsheaf public-house. On the 5th of January, about six o'clock, or rather later, I saw the prisoner pass the bar door, and go out; I followed him forty or fifty yards, and collared him in Cleaveland-street; he had his shoes in his hand.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  HURLEY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 5th of January I saw the prisoner running in Cleaveland-street, as fast as possible; I stood till he came up to me, and then stopped him; Kepple gave him in charge. I took him back, but found nothing on him. The servant came down, and said her gown was gone, and she had found it in the next room - she shewed it to me. He had no shoes on.




               GUILTY. Aged 17. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
