





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
13. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, three yards of linen, value 7 s.; three caps, value 3 s.; two yards of calico, value 2 s.; two yards of lace, value 2 s.; one yard of silk, value 2 s., and two yards of ribbon, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Crawford
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  CRAWFORD
               



            . I lodge in Brownlow-street


 - the prisoner lodged in the same house for two days. I went out in the morning leaving my property locked up in two boxes - I returned at five o'clock in the evening; she had then taken a room higher up in the house as a lodging - she brought me the key of my room; I went in, and between ten and eleven o'clock next morning, I missed my property. I went with an officer to her room, and found two lace caps and other things, which I had not missed until I saw them on her bed. An apron was found in her box, which was mine. The whole of the property is mine - she had no authority to take it.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prosecutrix's room, and then to the prisoner's room on the second floor, and found her there. The property on the bed was claimed by the prosecutrix, and other things found in the box. The prisoner said they were her property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not like to live with her, (as she gets her living very indifferently,) and moved up stairs. The things were intermixed with mine - but I never intended to steal them. I never looked at them till the officer found them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
