





992. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  THORN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pontifex
                  




               
             and others; they are coppersmith
s, and live in Shoe-lane


. On the 14th of March
 the prisoner came and brought this order, which he said he brought from 
               
                  James 
                  Walker
               



             - (read)
Order from J. Walker Harp-alley. 14th March, 1829. No. 876.
Please to let the bearer have, or send as soon as possible, two copper tea-kettles, one six quarts, and one four quarts.
W. SPARKES.
Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Sparkes
               



             is foreman to Mr. Walker - this is very similar to his hand-writing; I let the prisoner have the kettles.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES FRANCIS
               



            . I was in the public-house adjoining Worship-street office; the prisoner was brought in there - he sat down, and a man said to him,
"I am sorry to see you in such a situation;" the officer put some papers before him - one was an order for two tea-kettles, and one for some lead; the prisoner said he was not certain whether he signed the order for the two tea-kettles, but the one for four he did not sign - he said he had been drinking three or four days, and I believe he said he was stone blind drunk; he seemed absorbed in grief.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES WALKER
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found these orders on him - one is for two tea-kettles, and one for lead; I did not hear the conversation just stated.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found these orders in his possession, and this bill for four kettles, which were got from Mr. Pontifex.


                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am the employer of 
               
                  William 
                  Sparks
               



            . The prisoner has been in my employ - I discharged him five weeks ago; I did not give him any anthority to get these things; this order is not 
               
                  william 
                  Sparkes
               



            ' writing - the orders were torn from my printed order-book, and are dated the day he left.
Prisoner's Defence. These orders were found in my hat - how I came by them I do not know; I was tipsy all day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPARKES
               



            . This is not my writing - I never gave it to the prisoner; I never gave him any authority to write my name there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
