





London Cases,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
387. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, two pieces of bombazeen, value 13 l. 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Lea
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas Simcox 
                  Lea
               



            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  FOX
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. John and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simcox
               



             Lea, carpet and bombazeen manufacturers

, Newgate-street


. On the 1st of July, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to the warehouse, and asked to see bombazeens - he said he wanted no credit, and we must do them on the lowest terms. He selected three pieces, and said he must have them sent immediately - he put the coarsest piece aside, and said,
"I'll have the other two first." He came into the counting-house, and gave the name of
"Bolton and Co., No. 16, Nicholas-lane;" I followed him there with the goods - I found him standing at the door, and seeing Bolton and Co. on the door, I gave them to him; he took them up stairs telling me to wait. I heard him speak to somebody; he then ran down, and said
"The gentleman wants the other piece, run back as fast as you can for it, and I will pay for all three." I ran back, and on returning found it was an empty house. I did not see him again till he was apprehended. I gave information at the Mansion-house. I met him in the Old Change last Wednesday, and gave him in charge. I have never found the property.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say
"Send them to Nicholas-lane, and you will see Bolton on the door" - A. He wrote downBolton and Co., as the persons buying the good. I found he was a judge of bombazeens.


                  DANIEL 
                  LOCKIER
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutor. I have the address the prisoner wrote, it is
"J. Bolton and Co., No. 16, Nicholas-lane;" I went there, and found the house empty.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and asked him what he had done with the bombazeens; he said he had pawned them over the water, and he would settle with Mr. Lea for them, if he would allow him.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in good circumstances, but through unforseen misfortunes have fallen into distress. When I bought the goods I expected to receive money to pay for them, but was disappointed. About six weeks ago, I obtained a respectable situation at Mr. Ferguson's, in the Old Change, and meant to pay for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
