





SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6.
12. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, one pocket-book, value 1 s.; one silver rule, value 1 s.; one pair of diamond tongs, value 1 s., and one almanack, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     

                              Richard 
                              Thomas
                           



                        , the younger




                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            , JUN. I am the son of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Thomas
               



            , and live in the Strand. On the 12th of November, I went to Drury-lane Theatre


, these things were in my pocket-book, which was safe in my inside coat pocket an hour after I entered the Theatre - I carefully buttoned my pocket, as the prisoner was in the pit, in the same row, pressing rudely against me and my brother - he came in company with several others; I remonstrated with them on their rude conduct, and said I should insist on their moving, as we had taken the seat first - the prisoner said "We will not incommode the gentlemen," and then placed himself immediately behind me, one of his companions being on my left; he pressed a good deal against me, and turned his back rather towards me - I buttoned a little flap over my pocket, drew my coat tails up, and requested my brother to keep an eye on the prisoner; my brother was on my right, my pocket-book was in my left hand pocket. At the end of the second act, the prisoner and his companion rose instantaniously, to quit the Theatre - I immediately felt for my pocket-book, and finding it was gone, I charged the prisoner with having taken it; he denied it, he rose to go out, and his companion was going away in a different direction - I seized the prisoner, we struggled considerably for some minutes, in the course of which, we had moved towards the side of the benches, I saw him stretch out his arm as far as he could under the benches, apparently as if depositing something there - I asked the people who sat there to look if there was a pocket-book near their feet, Mr. Williams who sat third or fourth on the bench from the end, picked up my pocket-book, and gave it me. I detained him with some difficulty, and gave him in charge of Bond. I should know the person on my left, he went out on the opposite side while we were struggling, and when he stretched out his arm, no other person stood near us.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. When you entered the Theatre, there were many people about you - A. Yes; the pit was not at all crowded till after the second price. Several people were with the prisoner, they left, only the prisoner and the other sat near me. The lining of my pocket was cut at the bottom, I charged him with it without asking any one if they saw him do it - he was genteely dressed - the pocket-book was found within arms reach of the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at Kennington-cross, and am teacher in a school. I was at the Theatre, and standing up at the end of the second act, I heard a scuffle behind me, turned round, and found the prisoner endeavouring to disengage himself from Mr. Thomas, who was calling for an officer. Directly after Mr. Thomas turned round in the direction in which I stood, and desired the persons near me to look for a pocket-book; I stoppeddown, and directly under my seat, picked one up, and gave it him, he claimed it - they were at the end of the bench behind me.
WILLIAM BOND. I am a constable, attending the Theatre. The prisoner was given in my charge; he was well dressed - the pocket-book was cut, I found a small knife on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Thomas seized me so violent, it would make any one struggle. I deny being guilty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
