





537. 
               
                  MARY 
                  M'NIFF
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, one watch, value 20 s.; and one seal, value, 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Huxley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUXLEY
               



            . I am now a watchman
, and have been a seafaring man. I live at No. 4, Cable-place, Cable-street.On Monday, the 28th of February, about a quarter after four o'clock in the afternoon, I went into the Blakeney's-head, Cable-street


, with a sailor (whom I thought I knew) and the prisoner - my watch then was safe. We had two pots of beer together, but finding he was no shipmate of mine, I went into another box - the prisoner then came and asked me to let her have some gin and water. I did not sit above two minutes there. She then went out - there was no other person on the same side as I sat. On the other side of the box there was a millwright. When I went out of the door she was there, and asked me to go home with her, which I refused. She then snatched my watch, and ran up a court; I ran after her, when two men came up and knocked me down. I went home and washed myself, being bruised, and described her to an officer, who apprehended her the same evening. The watch was afterwards brought to my house by a child, but not the seal. I am sure the prisoner is the woman, I have seen her before.


                  JAMES 
                  STERLING
               



            . I am an officer. I received information from Mrs. Huxley that her husband had been robbed - he appeared to have been cut. He described the prisoner's dress and person. About six o'clock, I found her at the Blakeney's-head - I told her the charge, which she denied. He was not intoxicated, for he gave a clear account of the affair and of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Cable-street, and met a sailor whom I knew; I asked him to treat me, and he said he had no money - this man came up and said he would treat us. I went to the Blakeney's-head to redeem a ticket which I had left with the landlady, she then detained me till an officer came.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
