





1270. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, a shawl, value 15 s.; a bonnet, value 4 s., a veil, value 4 s., and a plume of feathers, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Cook
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  SARAH 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Denmark-street, St. Giles's


. I carry on the painting and glazing business
. On the 20th of July these articles were on a sofa in my room - they are worth 23 s. I opened the passage door, and saw the prisoner with them in her apron; she dropped them, and ran away - I went to the street door, and called to my man, who was at work opposite, to stop her; he pursued, and took her. I am sure she is the person who dropped them. The parlour door is always open, but there is a lobby or passage which is kept locked - hearing the street open caused me to run up stairs from the kitchen.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long had you a view of this woman - A. But for a moment - I saw enough of her to know her again. I have a gentleman and a lady live in the house. I cannot tell how she got the things, but I saw them in her possession.
COURT. Q. When she came back with your servant did she appear just in the same dress and exactly to correspond with the person you had seen - A. Yes. I have no doubt that she is the same person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAMUEL SMITH
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutrix. I was at work opposite the house, and heard Mrs. Cook say,
"Stop that woman" - the prisoner was then running ten or twelve yards from the door: there was no other person running. I followed her down High-street, and never lost sight of her till I took her: she continued running. I brought her back to Mrs. Cook; she then fell on her knees, and requested forgiveness.


                  GEORGE 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am a constable. These things were delivered to me. I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner. I asked where the key was to unlock the door - she denied having it, and we could not find any.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent. At the first examination a scarf was brought against me, and on the second examination a bonnet and a veil. I never was in the house, and never fell on my knees.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
