





1520. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Read
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  READ
               



            . I am a student
, and live in the Temple. On Saturday evening last, about twenty minutes before seven o'clock, I was near Temple-bar


. A gentleman told me my handkerchief was taken - I felt and missed it. I found the prisoner in custody of a constable. My handkerchief, which was safe not two minutes before, has not been found.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLILE
               



            . I am one of the night patrol. I was in Fleet-street, near Temple-bar, and saw the prisoner in company with another - I watched them for five minutes; they followed a gentleman, and attempted his pocket, then they followed Mr. Read. I saw the prisoner take Mr.Read's pocket in his right hand, and lift it up; and just by Chancery-lane, he lifted it up again - put his hand in and pulled the handkerchief a little way out; his companion, who was close to him, covered him, and by Bell-yard he got the handkerchief out entirely, and gave it to his companion. I caught him, but his companion escaped. I sent my wife, who was with me, to tell Mr. Read.


                  MARY 
                  CARLILE
               



            . I was walking with my husband, and saw the prisoner and another in company together - they followed two other gentleman. I saw one of them take the handkerchief from Mr. Read's pocket, and give it to the other; but I do not know which took it. The prisoner was stopped. I went after Mr. Read.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer dragged me into the shop - but I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
