





794. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 2 seals, value 50s.; 1 watch-key, value 10s., and 1 ring, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hoyle
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOYLE
               



            . On Saturday evening, about seven o'clock, I was walking down Coventry-street


 - the prisoner put up his hands, and I put out my arm; he immediately made a snatch at my seals - the chain broke, and he got the seals, ring, and key - I did not see much of his face, but I pursued, and never lost sight of him till lie was taken.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not give charge of another person first? A. When I pursued the prisoner I was much agitated, and first laid hold of another person, but I saw my mistake, and said "That's the person," meaning the prisoner, whom an officer then had hold off; one of my seals was found in an area.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLCOCK
               



            . I am a patrol of St. James' Westminster. Between seven and eight o'clock on this evening I heard a noise, as I stood between Princes-street and Rupert-street; I turned the corner and saw the prisoner in Franklin's custody - I heard some person say he had dropped something down the area, which he was standing on; I went and got this seal out of the area.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running; I collared him - he was then on a grating; I saw him put his hand behind him, and drop something; I told Allcock of it, and he got it; the prosecutor came up, and took hold first of a man who had got hold of the prisoner's shoulder.

Prisoner's Defence. I ran with the rest of the crowd, and was stopped by a private individual; I asked what he arrested me for - before he had time to answer, the prosecutor and the officer came up; the prosecutor gave charge of a person standing by; he then turned, and said,"That is not the person, this is the person;" I said I was innocent, and would accompany him where he pleased.
JURY to MR. HOYLE. Q. Were any other persons near the grating when the seal was dropped? - A. Yes, several persons; there was a crowd about.
Court. Q. Did that other person stand near the grating? - A. He came in a contrary direction; he was on the side of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
