





1746. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, 4 pairs of boots, value 4s.; 5 pairs of shoes, value 15s.; 5 bed-gowns, value 10s.; 9 caps, value 15s.; 1 watch, value 1l., and 1 coat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Evan 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  LOUISA 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Thomas
               



            , tailor
, of Old Tothill-street


. On the 7th of August, the watch was in the drawer, the coat hung on the back of a chair, and the other articles were in the shop - the prisoner is a neighbour's son, and lives just by - I had seen these articles safe when I put up the shutters in the evening, and missed them about seven o'clock the next morning. The house had been entered by the back premises, through a hole, which had been forced in the partition - these shoes, and this bed-gown are mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. The two houses were formerly one - there is a partition now between them. I went to the prisoner's father's house, on the 8th of August, with a search-warrant - in one corner of the shop next to the prosecutor's premises, I found a hole, and a bag hanging over it; I lifted up the bag, and found this blue nightgown, and this pair of shoes; and on the other side of the partition, I found this cap, which the prosecutrix identified. I was looking after the prisoner the whole of the day, but the prosecutrix met him, and took him to the watch-house. I saw him there, and asked him what he had done with the things - he said he had given them to his brother, and knew no more about them. His brother, I am sorry to say, is a very bad lad. He was taken up, but not committed.


                  ROBERT 
                  GREENHILL
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner at the watch-house. I found on him this key of the prosecutor's street-door, which hung up behind the door on the Monday, and was missed on the night of the robbery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Pace, and saw him find those things. I went round, and found where the hole came through, into a very dark place, under the prosecutor's staircase. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
