







373. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January

, thirty yards of rope, called a wharp, value 14 s., and twelve yards of rope, called ratline, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Lack
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TYLER
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving twelve yards of ratline, part and parcel of the said goods, he well knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a lighterman
, and live at Vauxhall. On the 25th of January, my two barges, Rachael and Frances, were in Whitefriars dock



.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am employed by Lack. I had the care of the Rachael, which laid in Whitefriars dock. I saw all her ropes safe about nine o'clock in the evening of the 24th of January - the Frances was also there; I went again about eleven o'clock on the night of the 25th, the ratline was then gone out of the cabin, which was broken open - it weighed 25 lbs. or 26 lbs. I have seen Dunn on the river. On the 27th I went with Forrester to Tyler's house, he keeps an old iron shop in Shoe-lane, and asked him if he had bought any rope lately? he said No. Forrester said if he was an honest man he would let us search, to which he consented in three or four minutes. I saw the ratline under some old rags opposite the door. Forrester took him into custody; the wharp of the Frances was stolen - I had seen it safe two or three days before. On the 27th we found it all at Jarvis's, who keeps an old junk shop at Queenhithe.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a waterman, and live in Blackfriars-road. On the 25th of July, about one o'clock in the day, I saw Dunn go on board the Rachael at Whitefriars dock. I stood on the wharf, saw him break the cabin open, and come ashore with an old tin saucepan full of grease in his hand. He went on board again into the cabin, returned and went ashore - he had nothing then - I did not see him on board the Frances, but it laid close to the Rachael. I went away, heard of the robbery about half-past nine o'clock, and mentioned this. I knew Dunn before, and did not suspect him.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. On the 27th of January Dunn was given into my charge about eleven o'clock in the morning by Smithers at Bow-street Office, charged with breaking open two barges - I neither threatened or promised him; he stated that he, and a man named Pratt had broken open the Frances and Rachael at Whitefriars dock, and had taken part of the wharp and some other rope, and that they had sold the wharp to Jarvis of Queenhithe for 4 s. 8 d., and had sold the other in Shoe-lane, next door to a chandler's shop. I went and took Pratt into custody at his house in Shoe-lane, which is a chandler's shop. I found a piece of wharp at Jarvis's, and sent Forrester to Tyler's; Pratt was discharged.


                  THOMAS 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I am a ship owner, and deal in new and old rope. On the 25th of January, about five o'clock in the evening, Dunn brought this wharp - he said he had some old rope. I weighed it and paid him him 4 s. 9 d. for it, and went up stairs. Next morning upon opening it I found it was old rope put round good serviceable rope, and put it by, supposing it would be owned - if I had seen the good rope I should not have bought it. On the 27th Brown came and I shewed it to him; he claimed it - it is worth 10 s.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information that I received from Dunn, I and Smith went to Tyler's in Shoe-lane, and asked him if he had bought any rope lately? he said he did not recollect that he had bought any, and did not think he had any on the premises. I cast my eye round, and saw a piece under some old rags, which Smith claimed. I pulled the rags off, and found some more; there was about fourteen or fifteen yards cut into twenty pieces, eighteen of which were new rope.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TYLER'S Defence. It was brought while I was out.
DUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TYLER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
