





444. 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  SEABURN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, two crowns, four half-crowns, a shilling, and a sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  George 
                  Johnson
               




            .

GEORGE JOHNSON. I am a grocer
. I was at the Basing-house, which is about two hundred yards from my house, on the evening of the 27th of January, and was fetched home, and found the prisoner in custody - I said, "Have you been robbing me?" he said, "If you will lend me a candle I will find it." I gave him a candle, and he went round behind the casks, and found nothing. I then told the officer to take him away. There was no money found in the shop at that time. I had put 24 s. behind my counter on the day before, and had seen it safe at three o'clock that day.


                  JANE 
                  LESLIE
               



            . I am in Mr. Johnson's service. I was in the parlour at work on the 27th of January, about half-past eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner behind the counter - I opened the door, and went into the shop; I took him behind the counter, on his hands and knees. I called out, and my mistress came to my assistance. The officer was fetched; I held him till the officer came: he threw some money towards the door before the officer came. I found half-a-crown on the sill.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an headborough. I went to the shop in consequence of a little child coming to me. I found Leslie and Mr. Johnson holding the prisoner - I took him. Leslie looked down, and took up half-a-crown, which she gave me. I said to the prisoner, "George, this is a bad thing you have been doing;" he said, "Oh! you will find the money;" he then asked for a light, which he had, and looked round for it, but could not find it. Some person brought in some silver while we were in the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing by the door - a boy took off my cap, and threw it behind the counter - I went to get it, and knocked the money down - the young woman came out, and said I was stealing it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
