






299. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 5 books, value 6l., and 2 maps, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bumpus
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Griffin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John Wilson 
                     Hillhouse
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Bartlett
               



            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS JONES. I am clerk to Mr. John Bumpus, a bookseller
, of Skinner-street. On the 22d of December he sent me up an order from Plymouth; I made out the invoice of the books, and saw them packed up - I saw that they corresponded with the invoice, which I put with them- I sent the porter with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the books themselves? A. Yes; I saw the man packing them.
NICHOLAS LISS. I am porter to Mr. Bumpus. On the 22d of December I received a parcel from Mr. Jones, which I took to Beal's wharf, I think about two o'clock; I delivered it to the book-keeper.
JOHN DARE. I am book-keeper to Messrs. Griffin and Hillhouse, the proprietors of Beal's wharf. I received this parcel from Liss, and desired Winfield to remove it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINFIELD
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Griffin and Hillhouse. I took the parcel, and gave it to a man to put into the warehouse; I saw it there between ten and twelve o'clock the next morning - I did not miss it that day, but on the 24th, when I went into the warehouse, it was gone; I know Welch very well, and on the 23d he came there with ten casks of tallow in his waggon - he was in the employ of Mr. Bryan; the tallow was put into a warehouse nearer the street than where this parcel was; and, as the waggon stood, no person could get into the warehouse where the parcel was, unless they came under the shaft horse's head, as the waggon was drawn right across the door; Welch was there fifteen or twenty minutes, while they were striking the waggon - Welch had been there twice the week before, and many other times; I thought he was rather quick in getting his waggon out - the door of that warehouse is generally shut close; we are not in the habit of locking it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you there? A. Yes; I was at the tail of the waggon - we unloaded it as quick as we could; when it drove off I was gone to put up the last cask of tallow: I cannot say where Welch was - I did not see him going away; the warehouse was between where the books were and the street: a person must pass the warehouse I was in to get to that one - I cannot tell whether it was open; we had been putting goods in there.
COURT. Q. One warehouse is not within the other? A. No. I should think the parcel of books weighed half a cwt.; there were several other persons about, outside the gate - I cannot say who was inside.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANCIS
               



             KAINES. I am a bookseller, and live in the New-road, St. George's in the East. About seven o'clock in the evening of the 23d of December, Welch came to my house - I was at the parlour-door, inside my shop, and there were some persons in the shop; Welch called me to the door, and said, "I have a parcel of books belonging to a young man, a friend of mine, if you like to buy them;" I asked where they were - he said in his waggon - I said I could not buy them without looking at them, and he said if I would go with him I should see them; as we were going along to Princes-square, where the waggon was, I asked him if it was all right, as it was not proper to go and buy books in a waggon in the street; he said Yes, they were all right, or he would not have come to me - when we got to the waggon I found Turner; Welch called him by some name, and said, "Jump up and show Mr. Kaines those books:" Turner got up at the hind part of the waggon, and showed me one book, which was Goldsmith - it was a little way in the waggon, and covered with the till; I asked if they were all like that - Welch said he did not know that they were; I said that was not a proper place to look at them, and I should like to see them at my own house - Welch then said, "Take them round to Mr. Kaines;" Turner took them on his shoulder, and brought them to my house - they opened the parcel, took out the books carelessly, and seemed very much flurried, which excited my suspicion; Welch seemed in a hurry to get his horses home, and I said, "You had better put your horses up and come again;" they went away, and returned in about twenty minutes - in the interval I examined the parcel; I found these books and maps with this invoice, and the direction- I sent to Lambeth-street, but the officer had not come; when the prisoners returned I told them I had not had time to look over the books, and they had better come again in half an hour - they went away, and I gave the watchman directions to watch outside; they came again, and I gave charge of them on suspicion - I asked them if they came honestly by them, as I did not think they had, and Welch said by G-d they did; Welch also said I might as well have told him they were not all right, and avoided bringing him into trouble - it was as near seven o'clock as possible.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Welch exclaim by G-d, in a way of surprise? A. No, but that they were his own property; I knew Welch before, by his driving and passing by me, for Mr. Bryan - I had spoken to him; Welch said at the watch-house that Turner was to give him a shilling for carrying them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINFIELD
               



            . The waggon left Beal's-wharf about five o'clock - it is in Thames-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchmen. I was sent for, and took the prisoners - Mr. Kaines took the parcel to the watch-house.
STEPHEN CARTWRIGHT. These books were delivered to me by Mr. Kaines, and I have had them ever since.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Welch say he had been employed to take them for sale? A. Yes - I never heardhim claim them as his own; I asked Turner how he came by them - he said he picked them up on the wharf; he told the Magistrate so too: Welch did not say that he had received them from Turner, but that he was employed to carry them - Turner said Welch knew nothing about them, that he was as innocent as I was. The direction was on the parcel, "Mr. Bartlett, Plymouth."(Property produced and sworn to.)
WELCH'S Defence. I suppose I was not ten minutes unloading - I do not know that I ever got unloaded quicker. Turner tapped me on the shoulder on London-bridge, and said he had a parcel on the tail of a waggon, which was not very heavy, and asked where I was going; I said to Ratcliff-highway - he put the parcel into the waggon, and went on behind; when I got to my stable, I said,"You must take them out here, and give me the shilling;" he said, "I cannot till I have sold them," and he asked where he could sell them; I knew Mr. Kaines, and went to him - I said, "Here's a young man got some books to sell, perhaps they will suit you;" he went to the man, but Mr. Kaines kept speaking to me - he never said a word to him at all; I said, "They do not belong to me - I know nothing at all about them, and he appears quite ignorant;" Mr. Kaines said, "Come again in half an hour;" I went and put up my horses - Turner came into the yard, called me out, and said, "If you will go with me to the bookseller, perhaps he will give me more for them," and I did go with him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANCIS KAINES
               



             re-examined. Q. Did he say that Turner was the owner? A. He said they were a young man's, a friend of his; he afterwards spoke of Turner as the person who owned the books: I asked them both how they came by them; Turner made no answer, but Welch said they were honestly come by - Turner had an apron on: my house is about a hundred yards out of the way from Beal's-wharf to Mr. Bryan's; I did not see the direction on the parcel in the waggon - there was a cloth over it.
TURNER'S Defence. Welch knew no more what was in the waggon than any gentleman of the Jury; I asked him, as a favor, if he knew of a bookseller, and he said he did.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WELCH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
