





390. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOORING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, six sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Smithson
               




            , his master
.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITHSON
               



            . I keep the Royal Oak public-house
 the prisoner was my pot-boy
. On the the 13th of December, I gave him six sovereigns to go and get silver for them, and he never returned. I found him in custody on the 15th, and charged him with it. He said he did not know what had become of it.


                  JOHN 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a publican. On the 13th of December, at eight o'clock, the prisoner brought me a a sovereign, and I gave him change. He had a pint of beer, and said he thought he should be tipsy, and left three sovereigns and thirteen shillings with me to take care of, he came for them next morning, and I gave them to him.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th, I took him into custody; he said he did not know what had become of his master's money. - He had new clothes which he said he had had ten years; but on going to the office, he said he supposed he should be fully committed, and go to the start.


                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a salesman, On the 13th of December, I sold the prisoner a hat, jacket, shirt, and waistcoat, for which he paid me two sovereigns.
- PETSON. On the 15th of December, I saw the prisoner with a sovereign. He said he was going to get change.
Prisoner's Defence. I met some shopmates, and got in liquor, and lost all the money but what I bought the clothes with, and was ashamed to return.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
