






733. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     WESTERN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, twenty pair of sheets, value 7 l.; forty-nine pieces of sheeting, value 20 s.; nine blankets, value 2 l. 14 s.; one rug, value 4 s.; twenty yards of towelling, value 15 s.; four bed-ticks, value 3 s.; nineteen pieces of bed-ticking, value 2 s.; twelve remnants of flannel, value 8 s.; and one pair of curtains, value 2 s.
            , the goods of the 
               Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London as Governors of the House of the Poor, called St. Bartholomew's Hospital, near West Smithfield, London






            , of the Foundation of Henry the Eighth.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th of May I searched the prisoner's house, No. 14, Barrett's-court, Wigmore-street - she came in while we were there; I asked her if the premises were her's? she said Yes. Before she came home I had searched the first floor, and found twenty-eight pair of sheets with the hospital mark on them, three pair of blankets, a piece of sheeting, a quantity of towelling, and a great many other things - I found in all as much as a small cart would hold. I attended her examination, she said part of the things were given to her by a sister in the hospital, who was dead.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was her declaration made as to part or all the property - A. To that which was marked. She meant a sister of the hospital. I found a great many things with the marks cut out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Wood, who is solicitor for the prosecution. What the prisoner said before the Magistrate was not taken in writing.
MR. WILBY. I am steward of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. The prisoner was a sister of Faith's ward
 for nine years, she resigned last April.
Q. While she was there, had you reason to complain to her of losing property - A. Yes, principally sheeting; she said the patients must have taken them away. The property produced belongs to the hospital; some of it has been marked within the last two years. We never sell old linen, it is used for bandages.
Cross-examined. Q. May not linen get out of the hospital by patients not restoring it - A. I never knew it. We never allow it to servants as perquisites.
Prisoner's Defence. The sheets were given to me by Mrs. Foot; I refused to take them, but she said they were her perquisites.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
