





1767. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 1 purse, value 2d., and 4 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Haywood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HAYWOOD
               



            . I went home with the prisoner; when I awoke in the morning, she was going down stairs; I then missed four sovereigns, half a crown, and a purse, which had been in my right-hand breeches pocket; I did not know what she went down for - I got up, and went to the watchman - we saw the prisoner going into No. 6, with the last prisoner - the patrol got in at the window - there was one sovereign found within the lining of the prisoner's shoe.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you place the money by the watch? A. No, I missed the money after I got out of bed, before I missed the watch; I then looked at the watch, and put it on the shelf again - I am sure I had the money when I went with her - she had a glass of rum at a public-house - we should have gone into a bye place, but there was a watchman - I have gone to a bye place with her, and given her a shilling; I never went home with her till that night - I did not give her any thingthat night but the glass of rum - I am a groom - I changed half a sovereign at the public-house; I had paid about 2l. away before I went home with her; when I got home with her, I took out the purse, and said I hoped I should not be robbed; she said I was perfectly safe - she did not say she had had this money sent her by a friend from the country.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I went with the prosecutor. I got in at the window and took the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BUZZARD
               



            . I was on duty as patrol; at twenty minutes after three o'clock I met the prosecutor and the watchman - I went to the house where he said he had been robbed, but we could not get in; the landlord was present, but was not willing that we should break the door, and we did not like to do it - we fetched Timbrell, and found the watch; I took the prisoner to the watch-house, searched her, and in her shoe I found the sovereign - that was all.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAYWOOD
               



             re-examined. Q. What awoke you in the morning? A. I suppose it was Allen dressing herself - I did not hear her till just as she was going down stairs; I called to her, and she made no answer.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
