






Before Mr. Recorder.
1408. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, a piece of woollen cloth, containing seventeen yards, value 5 l. 10 s.; twenty-four shawls, value 9 l.; and a wrapper, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Zachary 
                     Langton
                  



               
            , and others, his partners.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shaw
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Pickford and Co.
; 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



             is one of the partners
. I received a weigh-bill of some property which left Manchester for London, on the 28th of September; there was among other articles, the parcel in question, directed for Mr. Jardine, Nottingham-place, Whitechapel; it contained woollen goods; it arrived safe in London on the 4th of October.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. On Monday, the 4th of October, I placed a parcel or truss in the cart, which had come by a boat from Manchester to the City basin; it was safe and entire when I put it in - it was for Mr. Jardine.


                  GEORGE 
                  TREADAWAY
               



            . I am book-carrier to the prosecutors - I go to see the delivery of the goods - I went with this cart on the 4th of October; we went through Aldgate, and when I got to the Minories, where I had a parcel to deliver, the truss was safe in the cart - we stopped at Morland's, an umbrella shop, in the Minories; and whileShaw, the carter was getting out the parcel to deliver there. I saw the prisoner in the white jacket (Wheeler,) just behind me, and I put out my hand to keep the bale from falling upon him; I have since seen it at Lambeth-street office.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The remark you made of the man was, that he had a white jacket on - A. Yes, and five hundred people may have a white jacket on. I believe Wheeler is the same man - I have a strong belief that be is the same man - we missed the bale five minutes afterwards, it was near seven o'clock in the evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street - I know a man by the name of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Wolfe
               



            , he lives at No. 2, Little Prescot-street, Goodman's-fields; I and Lee had occasion to watch his house, from about half-past six o'clock in the evening of the 4th of October, until half-past seven; we stood in an alley nearly opposite his house - I saw three men coming along, one with a package on his back - we drew back into the alley and he passed us, it was Abrahams; I am certain of his person. I had seen him before - when they got opposite to the alley, Wheeler ran and passed Abrahams, to Wolfe's door; Wolfe was standing with his door open; Abrahams followed Wheeler up to the door, and both went in; we went over and the third man (who was with them) ran away; when we got to the door it was being closed; I put my shoulder against it and pushed very hard - Wolfe said,
"Who is there, what is the matter?" I said,
"It is me;" he said,
"Who is me;" I said
"Foster," he then said
"Come in" - I went into a back-kitchen, and saw Abrahams taking the package from his shoulder; as I went to the back room I passed Wolfe and Wheeler in the passage, I took hold of Abrahams, and asked him what he had got; he said he did not know - he said a man gave it to him to carry, and he was to have 1 s. for carrying it - Lee then brought in Wheeler; I tied them together, and took them to the office. Wheeler said he came in to buy a hat, and said to Wolfe,
"I have been here this hour, have not I maser;" Wolfe said
"No, I know nothing at all about you;" I took the parcel which contained woollen cloth, and shawls, and found this invoice in the bale with the goods; they exactly corresponded with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Abrahams was the person with the package - A. Yes. Wolfe and Wheeler were not in the same room as he was. Wheeler had a white jacket on.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I was with Foster; when I went in Wheeler was coming out of the passage.


                  JOHN 
                  JARDINE
               



            . I had ordered these goods and expected them by that conveyance: they are the articles I expected.
WHEELER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ABRAHAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
