






238. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CARLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROSETTA
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bygrave
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BYGRAVE
               



            . I am a land-agent
, and live in Clement's Inn. On Monday the 5th of January, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was in Smithfield


, near the Rose Inn, and had a silk handkerchief in my coat pocket; my snuff-box was in the same pocket; I felt the lappet of my coat come against my thigh, turned round, and collared the prisoner Rosetta, who was immediately behind me. Carley was also behind me, on the left side. Mr. Katz was with me - I said to him,
"This man has taken my pocket handkerchief, and given it to the other (Carley), who is gone down a court; follow him and take him." I took Rosetta down the court, and met my friend coming up, with Carley. Griffiths came up and took both in charge; my friend picked up the handkerchief - nobody but the prisoners were near enough to take it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Were they both near enough to touch your pocket - A. Yes. Nothing was found on Rosetta. My only reason for accusing him is his being near me - which of them touched me I cannot tell.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BERNARD KATZ
               



            . I was with Mr. Bygrave, arm-in-arm; he turned round and told me to seize Carley, who ran down a court - I ran after him; he stopped (the court being no thoroughfare) and dropped the handkerchief behind him - I picked it up, and gave it to the officer. I was going to strike him; he said he never did such a thing before, and hoped I would not.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am a constable. I was standing at my own door, and saw Carley running down the the court, and Mr. Katz after him, and people calling Stop thief. I said he was quite safe, for it was no thoroughfare. I did not see the the handkerchief dropped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARLEY'S Defence. I picked it up, but did not steal it.
ROSETTA'S Defence. I was looking for my brother-in-law, who owed me 2 s. 6 d.
CARLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
ROSETTA - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
