






48. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               




             and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  HYDE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, a handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Lewis Jedidiah 
                        Lyne
                     




                  , from his person
            .
LEWIS JEDIDIAH LYNE. I am clerk
 to Messrs. Lyne, Bailey, and Co., of Winchester-street. On the 29th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was stopped by a person at the corner of Fleet-street


 and Bridge-street


, and asked if I had lost my handkerchief; I put my hand to my pocket, and missed it. The prisoners were taken into custody in five minutes, in a street leading out of Bridge-street - the handkerchief was picked up by the door of a public-house.


                  JESSEE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I live at No. 6, Great Queen-street. I was coming to the Old Bailey on the 29th of October, and saw Mr. Lyne near the opening by St. Bride's church, and saw the prisoners following him, in a direction towards St. Paul's - I am quite certain of their persons. I was on the opposite side of the way, and watched - and when Mr. Lyne had got to the corner of Bride-lane the prisoners were close together, and both attempted his pocket, but Holmes is the one who took the handkerchief out of Mr. Lyne's pocket - they turned down Bride-lane; I ran after Mr. Lyne, and told him he had lost his handkerchief, and if he would come with me I could, most likeget it - he felt and missed it; he went with me round Bridge-street, to the end of Bride-lane, and saw both the prisoners talking together - I laid hold of them, and took them to a public-house, but could not find it on them. I left them in Mr. Lyne's care, went out, and found it in the road, just by where I had collared them; two or three yards from the public-house; there was nobody else near who could have dropped it. I thought I saw one of their arms move when I took them.
Prisoner HOLMES. Q. Why did you not take me at the time you saw me do it? A. I thought if I got the gentleman's assistance I could take both.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I received the prisoners in charge at Guildhall, and have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOLMES' Defence. The officers say that Phillips goes about taking lads up, with a constable's staff in his hand; he told me he was an officer, and showed me a staff; it would take him ten minutes to go the distance he says. - On this night I let two ladies out of a Hammersmithcoach, as I attend the coaches for a livelihood. I went down Bride-lane, and met this young man - he asked me the way to Gray's Inn-lane; Phillips caught hold of him, and hearing a scuffle I turned back, and he took me.
HYDE's Defence. I had come from my uncle's, in the Borough, and not knowing the way, I met three men walking down the lane; I asked them the way - they shoved me off the pavement; I met this lad, and asked him - this man came up and laid hold of me; he stopped to see what was the matter, and they took him, and as we went to the Compter he said a gentleman had offered a sovereign to let us go, as he thought us innocent.


                  JESSEE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . When I first took them Mr. Lyne did not wish to prosecute them, and offered me 5s. to let them go; I said I could not do it if he gave me 20s. The prisoners said, "Why not let us go - you only want to make a crown of us;" I said, "Why, the gentleman has offered me a sovereign, if I wanted money." I had a small staff in my pocket, but did not shew it. I did not hear him ask if I was an officer - if he had I should have said Yes, as I conceive myself one when I see a felony committed. I saw them try a dozen pockets before they tried this.
MR. LYNE. I did offer him money.
HOLMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HYDE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
