







777. 
               
                  SAMUEL GEORGE 
                  OWENS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January

, 29 ozs. of bacon, value 1s. 9d.; 16 ozs. of butter, value 1s.; 5 eggs, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 12 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 5 pence
            , the property of 
               Thomas Raine


            ; and ELIZABETH (HIS WIFE) was indicted for 


               feloniously inciting, ordering, procuring, &c. the said Samuel George Owens, the said felony to do and commit
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RAINE
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Houndsditch. On the 24th of January the prisoner Elizabeth came and ordered these articles to be sent to No. 18, Jewry-street, with change for a sovereign; I sent them - my boy brought back a bad sovereign, having left the articles, and the change.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DYER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Raine. I went with the articles and change to Jewry-street; just before I got to the house the male prisoner met me, and said,"Are you going to No. 18, Jewry-street?" I said Yes; he blowed me up for being so long; he said, "My master has sent me for the things - give them to me; have you brought change for a sovereign?" I said Yes - he gave me a sovereign, and said, "Go back and fetch 1lb. of Cheshire cheese;" I took back the same sovereign to master - he sounded it, and it was bad; I then went to No. 18, Jewry-street, and they knew nothing about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and took the male prisoner on the 2d, and on the 4th the woman came to see him - I detained her.
S. G. OWENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .

E. OWENS
               


             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
