






214. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  BENTLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RUSH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 pair of boots, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Alger
               




            .
JOHN ALGER. I am a bootmaker
, and live in Ludgate-street. On the 6th of December, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock, I came home, and these boots were produced to me, which have my writing on them, and are mine. The prisoners were in custody - I know nothing of them.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOCKLEY
               



            . I am in Mr. Alger's employ. The two prisoners came to the door on the 6th of December - Rush took these boots, which stood on the floor, within the door - he could just reach them by putting his foot on the step; I was near the window, behind the counter: I ran round the counter, and followed Rush down the street- he ran on, and Bentley followed him; I passed Bentley, intending to take Rush: Bentley took hold of my clothes- I fell down, and he too; I kept him down till I got assistance, and when I came back to the shop I found Rush there, and the boots also. I should have passed Bentley, and taken Rush with the boots, if Bentley had not laid hold of me.


                  SOLOMAN 
                  GEDDES
               



            . I am a printer. I was on Ludgate-street, between nine and ten o'clock on the 6th of December,and saw three persons running; Rush was first with a pair of boots in his hand - Bentley and Hockley were following him: I stopped to see if Rush was taken, and saw Bentley and Hockley fall down - I pursued, and took Rush, with the boots, just turning into the Old Bailey, and took him back.
Prisoner BENTLEY. Q. Did you not say in the shop,"I am a poor man - this will make a very good thing for me?" A. I did not; my own employ suits me much better than this.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer, and received them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BENTLEY's Defence. I was merely going by - Hockley threw me down it, and he said I threw him down.
BENTLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
RUSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
