





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
191. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STEWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that she, on the 15th of December
, being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           John Silvanus 
                           Underwood
                        




                     
                  , did steal three yards of linen, value 4 s.; eleven yards of cotton, value 13 s.; five yards of flannel, value 8 s.; twelve yards of bombazeen, value 20 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; half a yard of muslin, value 18 d.; twenty eight sovereigns; eight crown-pieces; sixteen half-crowns, and sixty shillings, his property, in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SILVANUS UNDERWOOD
               



            . I live in Bedford-place, Commercial road


; the prisoner came into my service on the 10th December; she stood at my desk that evening, and saw me take out a bag of money, to pay the other servants wages. Next day I went into the City, and on returning about half-past four o'clock, my wife informed me of something, and I missed the bag of money from the desk, containing 7 l. in silver, and twenty sovereigns. On the Saturday morning I missed two silk shawls from my windows, early in the morning, before I got up; and on Sunday, when we went out to chapel, my wife locked the shop door, and on returning we found it had been opened by some means, and found it open again in the afternoon. I immediately questioned the prisoner who had been left in the care of the house; she said no person had been in, and she did not know how it came open. I looked round the shop and found several things misplaced; she persisted that she knew nothing of it. I demanded to search her box, which she willingly acceded to. My wife went up stairs, and brought down a piece of flannel, and a piece of Irish; she said she bought both at Todd's, in Fore-street, and that her mother was with her at the time; she said the flannel measured two yards and a quarter wide, and a thumb over. I found there were two yards and a half; I cannot swear to the Irish, having no mark on it - there is a piece of dirt on one end of the flannel, by which I know it; she persisted that it was not mine. I sent my wife for a piece out of the shop, which had been cut off for a customer; I matched it, it tallied exactly - it must be mine.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness, in consequence of goods being missed, I accompanied the prisoner up stairs, she opened her box and I found some Irish and flannel, which my husband compared with that in the shop; we have no reason to believe the Irish to be ours.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge; she was examined on the 23d of December, (looks at the examination,) this is the magistrates signature, reads,
"The prisoner confesses having stolen the flannel, but denies stealing either the money or shawls; she also admits taking the property now produced."


                  ELIZABETH 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I lost two shawls, but did not miss these articles; but on the 16th her mother brought them to my house - they are worth 2 l. 13 s. together.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the parlour to mend stockings, and my mistress went into the shop, and found the door wide open, and the money missing.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
