





1076. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRAMPTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, one watch, 30 s.; one ribbon, value 6 d. and one stone seal, set in gold, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Courtenay
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .
MR. NORTON conducted the prosecution.

MR
. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COURTENAY
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Lawrence Poulteny-lane. On the 28th of June, a little after ten o'clock at night, I was returning home with my wife, in Holborn


, near Hatton-garden, and suddenly three or four men went before us, and interrupted our passing, instantly about the same number jostled up against my side the prisoner is the man who jostled against my right breast, they darted off pretty quick, for a little way, and dispersed in different directions; I kept my eye on the prisoner, and another, he looked back several times. I left Mrs. Courtenay to take some of them; I ran a few yards, and secured the prisoner - the other man ran off; the prisoner said "What is the matter?" I charged him with robbing me of my watch, which he denied, but said he knew the person who did it - I gave him in charge to the watchman. I missed my watch instantly as I was jostled against; it was safe shortly before. I am positive he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. You told the Magistrate you was sure I did not take it - A. I said I could not say he took the watch, but he was one of the party. He said he knew who took it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Holborn, two young men jostled against me, and ran down Field-lane, I turned round to see what was the matter, heard no cry, and was going on, when the prosecutor came and laid hold of me. It is not likely I should have let him take me without resisting, if I had been one of the party.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
