





SIXTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16.
Third London Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1067. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HUGHES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 truck, value 4l.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Durrant
               




             and others.


                  MORRIS 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am in the employ of George Durraut, Brown and Co. - they are silk men
, and live in Winchester-street


. On the 14th of February, about five o'clock, a truck was lost from their door, where it usually stood; at half past six o'clock I went to put it away for the night, and it was gone; the next morning the officer came to the counting-house - I went with him to see the truck, and knew it was my master's.


                  JOHN 
                  GLEESON
               



            . On the 14th of February, in the evening, I saw the prisoner in company with another man in Rosemary-lane - they offered me a truck for sale - I did not buy it; they went up the Minories with it; the officer came and asked me if they had offered me the truck - I said, Yes; I believe it to be the same that I saw again the next morning; I am sure the prisoner took an active part in offering it for sale.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . On the 14th of February I saw the prisoner and two other men an Tower-hill, at a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening - they stood talking together for 5 or 6 minutes, when the prisoner, and one of the other men, went to a dark corner in Tower-hill, and took a truck out; they went up to the last witness, and when they separated from him I went to him, and asked what they were going to do with the truck - he said they had offered it him for sale for 15s., and that the wheels were worth two guineas; I pursued them, and took the other one, who was tried and convicted here last Session; the prisoner got away at that time.
JURY. Q. Did you see the prisoner take the truck? A. I have no doubt he is the man; I went to the witness and said, "You know that young man who offered the truck for sale - he said, "Yes; his name is Joseph Hughes."
Prisoner's Defence. That man stopped me, and asked if I wanted a job - I told him, Yes, and he said if I wheeled the truck down the Minories he would give me 6d; I took it down, and he asked if I knew any body who wanted such a thing - I took it to the witness, who offered to buy it, and told me to take it down the first turning; when the officer came I ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
