





65. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  HUMBLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 silver spoon, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Heseltine
               




            .
MR. CRESSWELL conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. William Heseltine, of South Lambeth


. The prisoner's mother is his cook; he came frequently to the house, and was there on the 13th of November; on the 14th a table spoon was missed; I went to Bow-street, and got Thompson, the officer; we went to the Rose and Crown public-house, Allen-street, Clerkenwell, and found the prisoner there - he said it was his lodgings; we then charged him with the robbery; he said, at first, he knew nothing of the spoon, so help him God: but afterwards he wished the officer to withdraw; he took me by the hand, and wished me to be his friend; I said I would not promise that; he then said he had the spoon in a pair of stockings in his hat, and did not know why he took it; I took hold of the stockings and the spoon fell out - he said "There it is."


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Griffiths has been in the habit of laying traps to catch people; some time ago a silver fork was found in the wash that was carried away, and he went to the house, the man was not at home, and his wife looked in the wash and found the fork.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             re-examined. I had suspicion some time ago, of some property being taken, either by the prisoner or the people who had the wash; I put the fork in the wash, and when I went to the house of the people who had it, the fork was found; I then told their little girl to take it home, and tell the other footman to give her 6d. for it. Various other property had been missed from the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
