





699. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, twenty-four bottles, value 6 s.; five gallons of wine, value 4 l.; two gallons of shrub, value 1 l. and two gallons of cloves, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Blyth
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Waithman
                  


               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Williams
                  



               
            , Esq

s.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLYTH
               



            . On the 27th of February I lived at the Wheatsheaf, public-house, Tothill-street, Westminster


. My affairs were embarrassed in consequence of losing my licence - there was an execution in my house, and a man in possession for the Sheriff. I was in the cellar in the morning, the property stated in the indictment was then safe there; I left home about eight o'clock at night - there were about twenty-five men in the house, who had been customers to me - they had been there the principal part of the afternoon; there was a great noise in the house, but no dancing while I was there. I returned about twelve o'clock at night, found my cellar broken open, and every thing in confusion, all the Port wine gone, and the rest of the property. I knew the prisoner as a customer, he had been in the house several times in the course of that day and evening; I cannot say whether he was there or not when I went out.


                  ANN 
                  ACOME
               



            . I am the prosecutor's mother-in-law, and lived at the house; the men were dancing, singing, and making a great noise all the afternoon - there were twenty or more in the house - all men. The taproom was lit with gas, it was put out two or three times, and the room left in total darkness. The cellar door opened into the taproom. I stood in the bar, and saw the cellar door open, I went there, and caught the prisoner coming out of the cellar - he had his hands behind him; I shook him, he dropped a chisel from his hands, and got from me. I went into the cellar, found the bottles all thrown down, and the brandy cask turned over - a two gallon cask, which had contained cloves, was found under a settle in the taproom, facing the cellar door. The men were all in liquor, but they had not been served with sufficient liquor from the bar to make them so. When I seized the prisoner I said,
"You have been in the cellar;" he said,
"That I have not." I said I was sure he had - he got from me, and ran out. I am sure he is the man, I had known him for ten weeks. One might easily go into the cellar, and supply the rest with liquor while they were dancing.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Were many of Blyth's friends in the house - A. Only myself. We found five bottles broken to pieces in the privy.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BROWN
               



            . I was servant at the Wheatsheaf. On the 27th of February there was a great noise in the house, twenty or more men were there, dancing and singing - I had known the prisoner about three weeks - he was one of the party. The light was put out two or three times during the evening, by a black man pouring beer into the pipe. I saw the prisoner run out of the house as I came through the passage; I was in and out of the taproom all the evening, and saw what they were served with - it could not have made them intoxicated - they were intoxicated.


                  JOHN 
                  CRONIN
               



            . I am an appraiser, and was at the house, in and out, from twelve o'clock in the morning; I observed a great many people in the taproom, somebody sang out
"Now;" they then all jumped up and danced, jumping very high - there was great confusion, and a fight in the skittle-ground. I saw Mrs. Acome lay hold of a man who stood out outside the cellar door, apparently just come out - she wrenched a chisel from his hand - he immediately ran away. Part of the wood by the edge of the cellar door was wrenched away. I observed the taproom in darkness once - the gas was put out. The party only had a few pots of beer, which could not have made them drunk; all the wine was gone from the cellar, and some shrub - the brandy cask was left running. I attempted to detain the prisoner, but he rushed out.


                  EDWARD 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I was in possession of this house for the Sheriff. I was in the bar, talking to Mrs. Acome, and saw the cellar door open a little way, soon after it opened wider, and the prisoner came out; I saw him on the cellar side of the door, Mrs. Acome seized him, and called for assistance, I went, saw him throw the chisel away, and picked it up. I found a two gallon keg of cloves running in the taproom, and an iron crow-bar laying by it; the brandy cask in the cellar was running. I know the cellar door was locked when Blyth went out. Nobody served but Mrs. Acome. There was a gallon of beer ordered by a man who had been a publican, and six pots were afterwards served among twenty-five or more people; they were perfectly sober, but at night most of them were in liquor; they must have been supplied with more than they had had from the bar. I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched about eight o'clock at night to this house, and found it in great confusion - there was a fight in the skittle-ground - all the party were drunk. I got the people out, examinedthe cellar, and found it had been broken open. Mrs. Acome gave me the chisel, which I compared with the marks in the door, by the lock. I saw some chalk on the crow-bar which corresponded with marks on the wall. About a fortnight after I saw the prisoner, about two o'clock in the morning, by the Horse Guards, drinking coffee; he saw me, and ran away, I followed, crying Stop thief, but lost him. He was apprehended about a fortnight after.




               GUILTY
            , Aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
