





313. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PAIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 shift, value 3s.; 6 ozs. weight of tea, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s., and 1 half-sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Sherriff
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  SHERRIFF
               



            . I am a servant at No. 16, Sloane-street. On the 4th of December I was out of place, having a bad shoulder. I was out all day, in search of a situation; I was returning about half-past ten o'clock at night, to my lodging near the old church Chelsea - I had a bundle, with all the articles stated in it. I met the prisoner in Pimlico


; he crossed over to me, and asked if I would accept of his company - he said he was a watchman, and asked if he should see me home; I believed him, and accepted of his service; he offered to carry my bundle, which I gave him; he being a watchman, and a respectable looking man, as he was very civil, I asked if he would have any thing to drink - he said he would take a glass of rum, and I went to the Shakespear's Arms: I went to the bar, and ordered a glass of rum and water; the prisoner passed me, and went into the tap-room - he put my bundle on the table. When we had had the rum and water, he went home with me, and gave me the bundle at my house, and I missed these articles, which I am certain were in the bundle when I gave it him; there was a large pillow in it, so that it appeared as large as when I gave it him. When he was apprehended, as we were going before the Magistrate, he offered to pay me for every thing that was lost.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you not rather tipsy? A. No; I was putting my pattens on, and stooping to tie them - a watchman, named Davis, came up to me, but he did not assist me home; I was quite sober: it was a very wet night. I drank nothing whatever myself. I did not tell the prisoner I had been robbed the night before.


                  JAMES 
                  SELBY
               



            . I am a constable of St. George, Hanover-square. The prosecutrix came to the watch-house on Friday, the 7th of December, about five o'clock in the evening, and gave information; the prisoner was one of our early-watchmen
; I sent the beadle of the night for him - he was on duty. I told him what she had stated, and asked if he had been at the Shakespear's Head with her; he said he had never seen her before - she said,"You know you are the man - if you will give me the the things, I will forgive you;" he said, "I cannot give you what I never had - I never saw you before;" she said, "You did, and if the landlord was here he would know you;" I sent for him; I showed the prisoner to him  - he said he was the man. The prisoner then said he took the shoes, but nothing else, and that he had pawned them at Jones', Tothill-street - I asked what he had done with the duplicate; he said, "Made away with it." I went to his house, and saw a woman, who gave me the duplicate of the shoes, and a small quantity of tea.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. He has been a watchman about two months, and before that was in the guards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street, Westminster. I have a pair of shoes, pawned on the 5th of December, by a woman, in the name of Charlotte Pain.
ANN SHERRIFF. These are my shoes, and I believe the tea to be mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
