






753. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 78lbs. of beef, value 2l. 18s., and 36lbs of mutton, value 27s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chettle
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . I am a porter at Dick's coffee-house, Fleet-street


. I ordered some meat on the 10th of March, of Mr. Chettle, of Clare-market - I bought 93lbs. of beef and 36lbs. of mutton; there were four loins of mutton and a saddle - I saw it brought to my house by one of Mr. Chettle's men, Edward Page: the prisoner Brown came to me about half an hour after, and said he had come from Mr. Chettle's for the meat which had been sent to me, for it was wrong weight - he did not state who he was; he had an apron on, a tray and steel, as if he was a butcher - I gave him the meat; there was no one in his company then; he said he came to get it reweighed; he did not say whether he would return with it or who would bring it back - I went to Chettle to inquire after it about an hour afterwards; I saw the meat again about two or three days after - I only saw part of the rump and saddle; it was similar to what I bought - I am not very certain of its being the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am waiter at Mr. Wood's coffee-house. I was in the kitchen when Brown came down for the meat, and helped him up with it - Mr. Wood weighed it before him in the kitchen; it was then taken out of the scale - I helped him to put it on the tray, and put it on his shoulder - it was Brown's tray; he said "Lend me a hand up with the tray" - he went away with it; I saw nobody with him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHETTLE
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Clare-market. On Wednesday I sent four rumps of beef, four loins and one chine of mutton, to Mr. Wood's; it came to about 5l. 10s. - I saw part of it on the Sunday following (the chine of mutton and the rump of beef,) at Newington-causeway, in Houghton's custody; I have seen Brown about; he was never in my employ, nor did he work in the market - I sent Page with the meat at two different loads; I never authorised Brown to call for it -I knew the meat again, as I had to part it; one of the rumps came off; I took the bones and compared them, and they are here - I never employed Scott.


                  EDWARD 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Chettle. On Wednesday morning I took the meat from my master's to Mr. Wood's, and as I went I met Brown at the corner of Shoe-lane - I never saw him before; he asked me for a situation - he was dressed as a butcher; and as we went along he asked me if Mr. Chettle wanted a man - he continued with me till he got to Wood's, and wished me good morning; he saw me go in there with the meat.


                  GEORGE 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a grocer, and live at Newington, Surrey. I know Brown by sight - he came in with Mr. Houghton's compliments, and wished to weigh a saddle of mutton, which he did: this was on the Wednesday before he was apprehended; there were two other persons with him, and I think Scott was one, but am not certain.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOUGHTON
               



            . I am landlord of the King's Head public-house, Newington. I know Brown - he came on Wednesday, the 11th of March, and brought a tray with some beef and mutton in it; two of them came in and asked me to buy it, at four o'clock in the afternoon - I said I did not want it; I bought a piece of beef and mutton of him - it was part of a rump of beef and saddle of mutton- I sent him next door to Mr. Scott's to weigh it; it was claimed on Sunday morning by Myers, the officer - it was delivered to him on Sunday about two o'clock; I did not know Brown before - I saw him at Bow-street on the Monday - I believe him to be the man; I am certain of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am an officer of Newington. Iapplied to Houghton on Sunday, the 15th, and demanded the meat of him - I found a rump of beef and saddle of mutton hanging up; I cut two pieces out of it, and desired Houghton's son to let it remain till I came back - I then went to the prosecutor's, and showed it to him; I took him to Houghton - he claimed it, and matched the bone with it at Bow-street - I apprehended the prisoner Brown on Sunday, the 15th, at Pearl-row, St. George's, Surrey, in bed; I handcuffed him, and said,"I suppose you know what I want you for?" he made no answer; on Tuesday, the 17th, I apprehended Scott in Adam-street, Kent-road - I had seen Brown and Potter in company together, on the day of the robbery, at the Rockingham Arms public-house, Kent-road, in the afternoon, and I saw them together afterwards, within a door of Houghton's, at about four in the afternoon; I never saw him near Wood's.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHETTLE
               



            . Here are the bones - they match together; I have no doubt of it being all my meat.
BROWN's Defence. I had been after a situation, and as I came back I met the man with the tray, and asked if he knew of a situation; he said his master wanted a man -I left him in Fleet-street, and thought I would go back to Mr. Chettle's, but met another butcher, who told me of the same situation, but advised me not to go for it, as Mr. Chettle was always changing; he went into a public-house and sent me after the meat - I accompanied him over to Houghton's, where some of it was sold.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SCOTT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
