





1680. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TUSTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, 1 bag, value 2d., and 8s. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Taylor
               




            .
JOSEPH TAYLOR. I am a sandman
. On the 9th of August I was at the Wheatsheaf public-house, in Camdentown


, and had 8s. in a bag - the prisoner was there; I put the bag into my sack, and laid it down at the end of the coal-box, close to me; the prisoner left before me, and when he was gone I turned my head, and missed my bag of money out of my sack - I knew him before; he is a sandman
 - I have often put my money into my sack; I jumped up, and told the people of it; I was going out when Boatwright gave me information.


                  HENRY 
                  BOATWRIGHT
               



            . I was at the public-house, and saw the prisoner there; Taylor's sack laid close to the coal-box; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the sack, pull the bag out, and go out directly.
Prisoner. Q. Which hand did I put in? A. Your right hand; you put the bag under your jacket, and went out.


                  DAVID 
                  FOX
               



            . The prisoner came to my house, where his stockings were; a knock came to the door - I looked out of the window, and saw the officers in the street; the prisoner jumped out, went down stairs, and threw a bag out of the back window - I went out, and it was found in the next garden.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LORIMER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; he denied the charge - the bag was given to me, with 8s. in it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . That is my bag.
Prisoner's Defence. Several more were in the tap-room - he cannot swear that I took it more than them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
