







1034. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BOYDEN
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of February
, 1 cart, value 14l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Prichard
               




            .
JAMES PRICHARD. On the 28th of February, about eleven o'clock in the evening, I put my cart into my shed in Paxton-place, Tottenham-court-road


; I found it at Lambeth-street Office a good deal broken - I can identify it as mine; my name was nearly taken off the shaft, and the copse was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  LLOYD
               



            . On the 29th of February, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning, I saw Ellis, in Gun-square, Houndsditch, sawing the copse board of a cart - Boyden was unscrewing one side of the cart; I did not stay there above five minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This is a public place? A. Yes - I saw the name of "James Prichard, Fitzroy-market," on the cart.
COURT. Q. Was that part sawed off? A. They were sawing it off at the time.


                  GEORGE 
                  EWING
               



            . One day in February I was at my own door in Gun-square, and heard a cart coming up - I looked out, and saw Ellis; he asked if I knew anybody who wanted to buy a cart - I said, No; he said, "You don't want to buy it?" - I said No, and asked if he had had it long - he said No, that he took it of his brother for a debt.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see his brother? A. I saw a man looking down the street, who it was I do not know; I returned about eleven o'clock, and saw Ellis and another man at the King's Arms public-house door, talking about a debt - they asked me to drink with them, and I did.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I was on duty in Whitechapel on the 29th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, and saw Boyden and Phillips go out of Ellis's stable with a horse and an old cart, with the name of James Ellis on it; I followed them, and when they got to Aldgate church I lost them - I waited about Whitechapel church for nearly an hour, and saw Ellis driving down the cart in question - the other two were in the body of the cart; they drove down to the mews in Great Garden-street, and just before they got to the stable I saw Boyden get out; I got my brother officer - we went and found Ellis at the top of the mews; we took him to the stable - the other two were lying there - we handcuffed them together; I asked whose cart that was - neither of them would own it; I said to Ellis, "I suppose it is yours" - he said it was, and that the horse was his; I asked where he got the cart - he said he had it from his brother for a debt; they had gone out in an old cart, but came home in this one; which the prosecutor claims; the sideboard and spring were taken off, and the name on the shaft partly obliterated and covered with grease - I could just trace the name of James on it - the front board was off.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I saw the prisoners driving up Whitechapel in the cart which Mr. Prichard claimed; part of the copse had been sawed off, the boards on each side taken off, the springs taken off, and a pair of wooden ones put on.

Cross-examined. Q. That was in a public place. A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I was with the other officers - their evidence is correct.
ELLIS'S Defence. I sold my brother a horse the week before, for 3l. 10s., and on this day I met him in Fenchurch-street, and asked him for 30s. which he owed me - he said he would pay me in the morning, for he had bought a cart cheap at a sale, and was going to Smithfield to sell it; I said I wanted one, but his would come to too much - I went and offered it to Ewing, he would not buy it; my brother then said he would take off the springs, and make it come cheaper, and agreed to let me have it for one sovereign, besides what he owed me; we went to the King's Head, and had a drop of beer; I took the name off, and put my own on.
BOYDEN'S Defence. I took the rails off the cart by Ellis's direction.
GEORGE EWING re-examined. He did bring the cart to me - he had worked for me nearly twelve months, and was very honest.
FRANCIS KEYS. I got the springs of the cart three days afterwards from one Brown; there was the name of Ellis on a tin plate in the cart.
BOYDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ELLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
