





London Cases, before Mr. Recorder.
518. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 17th of January
, feloniously did by menaces, (i.e.) by threatening to charge and accuse 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dowsett
                        




                     
                  , the younger, with having been guilty of committing sodomitical practices with a man unknown, demand money, &c. of him, with intent to rob him and his monies from his person, and against his will, violently and feloniously to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT, omitting to state the nature of the alleged charge.


                  JAMES 
                  DOWSETT
               



            , JUN. I live in Squirry-street, Bethnal-green. On the 17th of January, between five and six o'clock, I was returning home from my warehouse in Lawrence-lane, and stopped at the corner of Bell-square, Moorfields, (I shewed the spot to Mr. Wontner,) for a necessary purpose. A man stopped by me apparently for the same purpose; he was a stranger; then another man came up and laid hold both of me and the other person. I cannot recollect the person to swear to him. I had not buttoned up my clothes at that time, he said,
"I have caught you, I have caught many so." I said,
"I don't know what you mean," he said, we had committed an unnatural crime, and he would take us to the watch-house, if we did not give him some money. The other man seemed frightened, and asked what he wanted, he said, he must have 10 l. between us. The other man said, he would give him a sovereign and his watch. The man then said, I must give him 5 l. I said, I did not know what he meant, and that I had no money, I had done nothing to cause any suspicion, and that it was a false charge; then the man who laid hold of me, said, he must go home with me, and I must give him some, and as I came along, he asked, if I would give him 50 s. The other man continued with him. I said, I had no money, (nor had I any,) he then asked for 1 l., and then he asked, if I had any money about me, I said No; he then asked if I had a watch, I said, No. They went on with me to my own door. I stopped there and he asked for 10 s., I said, I did not think I had so much in the house, he said, I must go in and get what I could, and bring it out, and they would wait until I brought it out, I went in and told my wife all that had happened; I heard a knock at the door, I went out at the back door, to my father-in-law and told him all that had passed; he lives three quarters of a mile off. I stopped there all night, and returned to my house next day between nine and ten o'clock, and found the prisoner in the house; my father-in-law was with me, and asked him what he wanted, he said all the blunt he could get. He asked what he meant, he said, he must have four sovereigns. He asked how he got his living; he said, he was a bookbinder and would write his address down, and wrote something on a paper which is lost. I don't know what it was. An officer was sent for and he was detained.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I wanted you to go with me to the other man - A. No.
MR. WONTNER. I accompanied the prosecutor to a spot which he shewed me, it is in the City.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOWSETT
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor, he came home on the 17th of January, from the warehouse between six and seven o'clock, he seemed rather alarmed and trembled, and said, two men were waiting at the door; one of them had accused him of a crime that he did not know the name of, and told me the particulars; he had scarcely finished before I heard a knock at the door, he then went out at the back door; I went to the street door, and saw two persons, I could not say whether the prisoner was one of them; it was dark; I asked them what they wanted, one of them said,
"Is the young man the weaver at home," I said he is not; one of them said it is false, and used a very improper expression, and said he had better come forward and face him like a man. I shut the door and heard a knock again; I went up stairs and opened the window, two persons were still there, I asked them what they wanted, they said to see the young man; I said he was not at home, they said it is false - I said I would be on my oath that he was not, they said I was a false woman; they would not take my word. I said, if they had any message to leave, I would tell him when he came home, they said it was not a woman's business, and they would not leave their message. One of them asked if I had a husband, (that was a different man to the one who spoke before,) I said Yes; they asked if he was at home, I said No, he then said
"Why do not you open the door and let the gentlemen in to search the house, then we shall be satisfied whether he is there or not;" I refused, he then said to the other,
"Why do not you break open the door;" the other said, he had better come forward, and face it like a man, it would be better for him, and asked what public-house he used, I said I did not know; then a voice which I am certain was the prisoner's, asked what sign of public-houses there was near, I said I did not know that; there was the sign of the Hoop near; they then consulted together and the prisoner's voice said,
"Suppose we meet him here to-morrow morning at his own house, at nine o'clock," the other said,
"It shall be so" - they called up to me, and said they would meet him there at nine o'clock, and it would be better for him to face them like a man, they then went away, they were at the door about half an hour, I went to my father's and found my husband there, I told them, and I went home. The next morning my father came early, and the prisoner came between nine and ten o'clock; I opened the door to him, he asked if the young man wasat home, I told him to walk in; he did so; I shewed him into the back room, where my father-in-law was waiting for him; I then fetched my husband's uncle Samuel, and after that I heard him tell my father, he was come to get what blunt he could. My father asked him what he meant, he said he would not take less than four sovereigns; my father asked what it was for; he said to give to the other man who was with him the over night; my father asked where he was, he said, at the Coach and Horses, public-house, Fleet-market, or the Mail Coach, Fleet-street, he could not tell which.


                  JAMES 
                  DOWSETT
               



            , SEN. I am the father of the prosecutor. I live in John-street, Bethnal-green, and am a weaver; I first heard of this on the morning after it happened, I went to my son's house about nine o'clock, and about three quarters of an hour after, my son's wife let the prisoner in, he was shewn into the room where I was; I asked what his pleasure was, he asked if the young man was at home, I said
"What is your pleasure with him;" he said, to speak him privately, very particular, and what was for his good, I said, I suppose you are one of the chaps that followed him home last night, he said, he was. I asked what he came for, he made no reply, I sent for my brother and when he came, the prisoner said,
"This is not the person I want." We asked what he came for; he said, for what he could get. I heard him use the word blunt, I asked him how he got his living; he said his father was a respectable man, a liveryman of the City, and that he was a stationer and bookbinder, living in Fenchurch-street. I said it was a pity his father did not know it, and if he would give me his direction I would let him know it. He said he could do his business without his father. I went up then for a piece of paper for him to write his address, and then left him as the officer was come; he never offered to take us to the other man.
Prisoner. Q. You said,
"I suppose you are one who was accused with him" - A. No. I said, I suppose you are one of the two who followed him home.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DOWSETT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's uncle. I first heard of this on the following morning. I got to the house about a quarter to ten o'clock. The prisoner was in the back room. I asked what he wanted. He said,
"You are not the young man, I want the young man I was with last night." I said,
"I am sorry I am not the young man you want, I wish I was, for if I had been you would not have got off quite so easy as you did. I wish I had known as much last night as I do this morning, I would have had you and the other one put in the watch-house." I then asked him how he got his living. He said his father was a respectable man, and a liveryman of the city of London. I said,
"I am very sorry he has not got a very respectable son." He then said his father was a bookbinder, living in Fenchurch Street, and that he followed the business. I went there, but could find no such person. I then asked what he came for. He said, to get what blunt he could, to take it to the other man. I asked where at - he said, at the Mail Coach and Horses, Fleet-street, or Fleet-market, he did not know which. The officer came and took him. He never offered to shew me where the other man was. He wrote something on a piece of paper for a direction, but what it was I do not know. He afterwards said his father was a chimney-sweeper, and lived in Northumberland-alley, Fenchurch-street - which I found was right.
WM. PUNNELL. I am a weaver. I live near Mr. Dowsett. On the night of the 17th of January the prosecutor came to me - I am his father-in-law - he gave this account. My daughter came some time afterwards - I saw her home; and next morning, about a quarter to ten o'clock, I went to his house, and found the prisoner there. I said,
"What is your business here" - He said, he was one of the party who was with Dowsett last night. I asked what he was come for - The word blunt was mentioned - I thought he meant money. I said,
"What is blunt" - he said he must have four sovereigns to take to the other person. I asked him where the other person was; and why he did not come with him. He said he was to meet him at the Coach and Horses, or Mail Coach, in Fleet-market, or Fleet-street. The officer came and took him. He wrote on a piece of paper,
"
               
                  Thomas 
                  Whitney
               



            , Northumberland-court, Fenchurch-street."


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLYER
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for on the morning of the 18th of January, a little after ten o'clock. When I entered the room I asked him a few questions about his business - he answered, as the last witness has stated. He said he came for four sovereigns to take to the man. I took him in charge. He said he was no thief, and I need not confine him as such. I said, if he did not make a better tale out before the magistrate he would be committed. I advised him to send for his friends to speak for him.
The prisoner in his defence stated, that he was going on an errand, and had occasion to stop at the corner of Bell Square, that the prosecutor also stopped for the same purpose, when another man came up and accused them. Dowsett said, if he would let him go, he would give him any thing. The man asked for 5 l. from each; and Dowsett said, if he would come home with him he would give him what he demanded. But when he got close to his house, he said, he did not think he had so much, but if he appointed where to meet him, he would bring him the sum on Wednesday. The man refused to wait. Dowsett said, if he came to-morrow, he would meet him and the prisoner. That he went in, and the man kept menacing him (the prisoner) about what he would do if he did not procure him some money. Being terrified, he did not know what to do. The prosecutor did not come out, and the man getting outrageous at his not coming out, a female answered out of the window, that Dowsett was not at home, but had left word for him to call at nine o'clock next morning, when he said the prisoner might fetch him to meet the prosecutor, at the Coach and Horses, at nine o'clock, or bring the money. That he, the prisoner, never spoke to Mrs. Dowsett; nor did he use the word blunt at the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
