






1541. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SANDERS
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GASKIN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, 13 chisels, value 13s, the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Cubit
                     



                  , and others, and 1 hammer value 1s., and 1 trowel, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martin 
                  Caulfield
               



            .
MARTIN CAULFIELD. I am a mason
. I lost seven chisels, a hammer and trowel, and thirteen chisels of Mr. Cubitt's, from an unfinished house in which I was working in Frederick-street


; I had put them up carefully in the back-kitchen, at half-past five o'clock on the Saturday night, and missed them on Monday morning, the 24th of July.


                  THOMAS 
                  WAKEMAN
               



            . I was ill in bed - my wife brought me some tools - I knew them by the initials; the prisoners came back to sell some more, and I got out of bed to take them, but I could not overtake them; I know Sanders was one of them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WAKEMAN
               



            . I received these tools from Gaskin, who came to our shop alone, on Monday morning, the 24th of July, about eight o'clock, and asked if I bought such things; I said, I bought any thing if it was not stolen; he had not the goods then, but came again with Sanders, and brought them; he asked 3s. for them - I took them to the bed to my husband, and he told me to offer 2s. 6d. for them - and they took 2s. 4 1/2d. for them.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What shop do you keep? A. A marine-store-shop. I never saw either of them before - there were twenty-five tools brought; I did not know what they were worth.
THOMAS WAKEMAN re-examined. Q. What was the worth of these things? A. They might have been worth to Mr. Cubitt 14s. or 15s., but I might have got only a 1d. or 2d. a piece for them; I have kept that shop about fourteen months - we do not buy such things of boys without asking where they get them; Gaskin told my wife he was a stone-mason, out of work, and forced to part with his tools.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARKHAM
               



            . I took up the prisoner at the Red-lion, public-house, in Rosamond-street. They were eating and drinking - Gaskin asked me to drink; I said,"I want you two;" they said, "For what?" I said, "I believe it is some chissels;" they said they found them in Wilmington-square, and did not know they were stolen.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate that they both said so? A. Yes.
GASKIN'S Defence. I found the tools in an empty house.
GASKIN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SANDERS. - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
