





Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1724. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  COFFIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 2 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Oliver
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN OLIVER. I am a shoemaker
, and live in St. Martin's-lane. On Sunday last I saw the prisoner in Vine-street, about ten minutes before ten o'clock; I went home with her, and was with her some time - I had given her 2s., and as I was putting on my braces to go away, she came round, thrust her hand into my breeches pocket, and said, d-n her eyes, she must have the money; she took from me two half-crowns, eight shillings, and one sixpence - I thought there might be some other persons in the room; I went to the window and called the watchman, he came up and searched the room, but nothing was found - there was a good deal of lumber in the room; the money was found at the watch-house - I was sober, I had only had three pints of porter the whole day, and no spirits; she was sober likewise - I did not go to bed, but was undressed; I had three half-crowns, eight shillings, and one penny halfpenny.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not sober - I asked him up stairs, and he came; I said, "I should like to have something to drink," he said, by all means, and he gave 1s. to get half a pint of gin - he then sent for a pint of half-and-half out of the change of the 1s.; he was in bed some time, and then he got up: I said, "You are not going to disappoint me, you promised me to stay all night"- I said, "You shall not go;" he called the watchman, and when he came up the money was lying in the chair - I took it up and put it into my stocking, and put it under my left breast; I would have given him part of it back, but I would not give him all.


                  HARRIET 
                  WELLS
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house and I searched her, and found six shillings and two half crowns under her left arm, and one shilling in her hand; she appeared sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable; I told Mrs. Wells to search for the money, and she found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
