





731. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     JOSEPHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 13th of March
, 50 yards of silk twist, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Brown
               



            , a tailor
, of King-street, Golden-square


. On the 13th of March, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came for a yard of black mixed twist - while I was looking it out, he took a piece of black mixed cloth out of his pocket, laid it over his hand, and took a ball of twist out of the drawer; I took the drawer from the counter, setit on the table, and said, "You have a ball of twist;" he denied it - I called my master; he then threw the twist over the counter; I took it up and put it into my pocket; I am sure it was my master's - I saw his hand open while in the act of taking it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was any one else in the shop? A. No; he put the twist into his pocket, took it out again, and threw it towards the drawer; he could not run away, for I went round and bolted the door; the twist was in his possession about a minute and a half while I was matching it; he shut the door when he came in - he stopped till my master came; he had an opportunity of running away after I accused him, but did not attempt it; I called my master - he told me to detain him, and I then bolted the door; my master was not up - he came into the shop with nothing on but his trousers; he went out of the shop to get his clothes - I stood at the door with the door bolted.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            , I am an officer. I received the prisoner with this twist and cloth.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Mr. Brown say if he would give him 30s. he should not be prosecuted? A. He said he had offered him 30s. before he came to the office; I found on him a duplicate for 2s., a watch, and 6d.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I keep this shop. Prince called to me, and said
"I have got a thief - he has got a ball of twist;" I got out of bed, and came into the shop: I said to the prisoner" You are the man we have been looking for for some time, as I have lost a great many balls of twist;" I sent for Avis, but he was in bed - I then told him if he would go quietly with me to the office it would be some proof of his honesty; he first said he was a tailor, and then a pencil-maker - he went very quietly part of the way to the office - then said "I know where you are going to take me, but if you will go to my father's I will give you 10s.;" I then said "I must handle you;" he then offered me 1l., and when we got into the office he offered me 30s.
Q. Did you say, "If you will give me 30s. I will pardon you?" A. No, certainly not - the offer came from him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. I have frequently seen him at the shop; I should not have taken the 30s. of him - I never did of any one - I did not of Prince's father - that I swear; I had not to leave the shop to get my clothes - they were brought to me; the prisoner had got down a short street before I took hold of him - I had told him I would take him to a friend of mine; he heard me send for an officer - he stopped, hesitated, and wanted to wheel off, but did not attempt to run.
Prisoner's Defence. I had this ball in my hand, and said "Do you think this colour will do?" he said "No- I think black would do;" before I had time to put it down, he said "You are going to steal that;" I said "I am not:" he took the drawers away - I put down the ball, and he called his master; the prosecutor said if I would give him 30s. he would let me go; the officer said it must not be.
JURY to 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  PRINCE
               



            . Q. When he first came into the shop, what did he ask for? A. A yard of black mixed twist; I saw him throw it away.
COURT. Q. Did he at all match it with cloth? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
