





1049. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAGGET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, one hat, value 18 s.; two bonnets, value 14 s.; two veils, value 5 s.; one pair of gloves, value 6 d.; one gown, value 7 s.; one pair of stays, value 5 s.; two petticoats, value 3 s.; six knives and forks, value 7 s.; eight handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; six pair of stocking, value 3 s.; three shirts, value 5 s.; three pinafores value 1 s.; one shift value 2 s.; two watches, value 2 l.; three seals, value 30 s.; one key, value 5 s.; one ring, value 5 s., and one shawl, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Francis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I rent a house in Little Guilford-street


. On the 4th of August, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I went out, and left every thing safe. I returned at nine o'clock, and found the door fast. My neighbours told me the house had been robbed. I went in, and missed the articles stated in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I live at Francis's house. He went out, I came down stairs, between five and six o'clock, and saw two men going out at the front door. The prisoner was one of them, he had a green bag on his back. I saw him with it in Woburn-place. They both went out of thehouse together, and one of them had the green bag then, but I cannot say which had it. One went one way, and the other another. I followed the prisoner, and kept him in sight all the way, they both ran as fast as they could. The prisoner had the green bag on his shoulder, in Woburn-place. I followed him down to the New-road, he was then walking, I got within fifty yards of him, I ran, and he then dropped the bag; I ran as far as the bag, and then was obliged to give up the pursuit - he escaped. His back was towards me. He turned round several times while I followed him, I saw his face. He was not taken till last Sunday; I am positive he is the man. I brought the bundle to Francis's. Read took it to the office. It then contained part of the articles stated in the indictment. I know the prisoner to be the man, he lodged next door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I live at Little Guilford-street. I got up about five o'clock in the morning, of the 4th of August, and was in my front room. I looked through the window about half-past five, and saw two men come out of Francis's house, with a green bag, the prisoner was one of them, the other had the bag. I saw the prisoner's face, as he came out; I knew him before well, he lived opposite. He had nothing in his hands, I did not follow him. Pullen came down to the door, looked out, and went into the passage again, then came out immediately, and called to know if I saw two men come out. I told him they were gone towards Woburn-place; he followed as hard as he could, and in about twenty minutes, I saw him return with the bag.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am an officer. I received information that the prisoner lived in the neighbourhood of Well-street, and last Sunday I took him.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I feel confident from the evidence adduced against me, that it would be useless to say a word, but in mitigation. I simply, and humbly, throw myself on your mercy, and state, I was instigated to commit the crime through having in an unfortunate circumstance before done wrong, and lost my character. Wherever I applied for work I could not succeed, not having a character. My wife was ill, and I was driven to this by necessity.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
