





THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, JUNE 2.
First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1036. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WANT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 watch, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Travill
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ROBERT TRAVILL. I am a labourer
. I rent two rooms over a stable in Water-street, Strand


; no one lives there but myself; the prisoner had worked with me nearly four months, for Mr. Hutchings. On the 25th of April, when I went out, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I left my wife and child at home, and the watch on the mantel-piece of the lower room; my wife came to me at one o'clock - I went home and missed the watch, and have never found it: it cost me four guineas twenty years ago; the prisoner was taken the next day.


                  MARY 
                  TRAVILL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter, and am eight years old. I knew the prisoner before this happened; he came at twenty minutes to ten o'clock, when my mother was gone out to market, and brought a shirt for my mother to wash; he told me to carry it up stairs; I said, "Let it lay there till mother comes home;" he said, "No, take it up-stairs," but I let it lay there - I saw him go and warm his hands at the fire; he then took up this watch, and put it into his breeches pocket, and went away with it; my mother came home to dinner at one o'clock: nobody but him had been in the room, while she was gone.


                  SARAH 
                  TRAVILL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. The watch was safe at twenty-five minutes past ten o'clock, when I went out - I returned ten minutes to eleven - I left nobody but my daughter at home - I did not miss the watch till one o'clock, not having looked for it; I said nothing to the child about it - I never washed for the prisoner; he had no business in my place - I found a dirty shirt there.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the day of the robbery - I found three half crowns on him; he said, "I know nothing about the watch."
Prisoner's Defence (written). I went to Travill's apartment with my shirt to be washed, and left it with the little girl, but never saw the watch.
GUILTY. Aged 34.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
