





1051. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  SPENCER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 4 sows, price 16l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jackson
               




            .
THOMAS JACKSON. I live at Rose-well, Mile-end Old-town


; I had four sows in a sty, in a cart-shed, which shuts with a pair of folding-gates - I locked them up at eight o'clock at night, on the 26th of March, and at five the next morning I missed them - I cannot say whether they had broken out of the sty, or whether it had been broken down; but the gates were wide open, and the lock had been forced off with a piece of iron, which I have in my pocket - I had had them about seven weeks, and fed them there regularly; they were all in pig, and I suppose about half their time gone, what farmers call, heavy in pig; I went round with my milk in the morning, and made enquiries, and in the afternoon a person said, I should find them in Green-street, Twig-folly - I left my milk, and went there; I saw Mr. Fernley, and gave him a description of them; he said it was perfectly right, and showed them to me directly - I knew them to be mine; his house is about three-quarters of a mile from mine - I have seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood carrying meat in a tray, as a hawking butcher.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you describe them as two white sows? A. Certainly; the other two were black and white; the prisoner lives in Devonshire-street, about three quarters of a mile from my place.


                  RICHARD 
                  FERNLEY
               



            . I keep a butcher's shop in Green-street, Twig-folly, about three quarters of a mile from the prosecutor. The prisoner used to pass my shop almost every day, and used to speak to me; on Wednesday night, the 26th of March, between half-past nine and ten o'clock at night, he came to me, and told me he had four pigs on the road, and he wished me to kill them for him the next day; I asked him where he brought them from - he said from Romford, and I supposed he had bought them there; the pigs came up directly - they were brought up by the prisoner and two other men; when they were put inside the slaughter-house he asked if I would kill two that night - I said No, it was too late, he must come in the morning; he had been with me several times before about pigs, and once that week he said he had offered money for some pigs, and could I make it convenient to kill them at my place, as he had no place to slaughter them himself; I had no conversation with the other men - they went away; I believe one of them came into the slaughter-house, but I do not think we had any conversation; they went away, and the prisoner remained for about ten minutes - while he was there we had a little light, and I said to him, "One of these sows is very heavy in pig" - he said, "Yes, I know it," when he looked at it, but he did not seem to know it before; I did not know the others were in pig that night - I was very busy, but when I had seen that one in pig I asked my wife if she thought it was all right, as there was not one of them in a fit state to be slaughtered; I went down to the prisoner about eleven o'clock that night - I found him in bed; I knocked at the door, and told him to come down; I asked him if the pigs were all right, as I did not think they were - he told me I had better let them loose in the street; he said he would be up in about half an hour, and he came to my house in that time, to say he would be down soon the next morning to fetch the pigs away - I had got an officer in the mean time, who took him when he came; the prisoner said he had offered money for the pigs, but he had altered his mind, and he thought he should not have them, and that they belonged to those two men - this was after eleven o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Whether this man received them improperly or not, there came two other men with him? A. Yes; they came between nine and ten o'clock; it had not struck ten when they came; my wife said afterwards that she heard the clock strike ten, but I did not - he said he brought them from Romford; I understood him to say he had brought them - the men brought the pigs in at the time he came; they came together.


                  RICHARD 
                  SKILLERN
               



            . I am a conductor of Bow-street. Between twelve and one o'clock at night I was fetched to Fernley's, and in about half an hour the prisoner knocked at the door; he went into the shop - I asked how he came by these pigs; he said he had bought them near the Globe public-house, in Mile-end-road, of a man who had brought them from Romford; that he knew one of the men, but could not recollect his name - I secured him; they were unfit to be killed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask him to described the men? A. Yes, next morning; I have been in pursuit of them ever since - I know one to be a notorious thief; I have had him uicnstody before: I know nothing against the prisoner, but believe him to be a hard-working honest man; he has a wife and family; he told me the next morning that he offered 10l. for them and they wanted 12l.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of knowing they were stolen.


                  JOHN 
                  PURCELL
               



            . I am a cow-keeper, and live in Essex-street, Globe-fields: I have known the prisoner about three years. On Wednesday evening, the 26th of March, I saw him about a quarter before nine o'clock, in his own house; I went out, and thought if he had a bit of beefsteak I would have it for supper; I looked through his window, and saw he had nothing but bits of mutton; I did not go in, but I saw him sitting there with a child on his knee. I had been into Whitechapel, on business; I know it was that Wednesday, because the next morning a gentleman called on me, and I told him I saw the man at home about nine o'clock.
COURT. Q. What makes you so particular as to time? A. Because it was eight o'clock when I went from my house to Whitechapel, and I looked at Whitechapel-church clock; it was Mr. Fernley called on me next morning; it would take me ten minutes to walk three quarters of a mile; I have driven a pig that distance in a quarter of an hour, but some are more obstinate than others.


                  RHODA 
                  CHITTAM
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Chittam, a carpenter, who lives in West-street, next door to the prisoner; there is a yard attached to the prisoner's house, and I had taken some sheets there to dry; I went that evening at a quarter before nine o'clock, as near as I can guess, to get these sheets - he was at home, getting his supper, with his slippers on, and apparently going to bed; I wished him good night, and he shut the door after us.
COURT. Q. He is your neighbour, and you know him perfectly well? A. Yes; I have no doubt whatever that he was preparing to go to bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
