






330. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BYFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January

, one piece of serge, containing twenty-two yards, value 1 l., and one wrapper, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Brook
                  



               
             and others, his partners, and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     RUSHWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am one of the firm of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Brook
               



             and Co. There are two other partners; our warehouse is in Sambrook-court, Basinghall-street, and communicates with Coleman-street. Both the prisoners were our porters

, and Archard was also our porter. On the 25th of January, in the morning, he gave us some information. We are serge factors, and sell for a great many people.


                  HENRY 
                  ARCHARD
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Brook and Co., and have been so nearly seven years. On the 23d of January, I saw Rushworth go away about six o'clock; he had no bundle then, I left the warehouse about seven o'clock, and was in Crooked-lane, and saw him there, as I was going to my uncle's in the Borough. He had something in a wrapper then - I went up and took hold of it, in a jocular way, and said,
"You, Yorkshireman," I pulled it, and he pulled, and I thought he seemed confused. I asked what he was going to do with it, he gave me no answer; I asked him again, and he said
"Home." We walked together, and I asked if he was going to leave it any where in the morning, he said
"Yes," but did not say where. He asked me to have some gin, I said
"No." We then went to my uncle's, the Paviour's Arms, Fishmonger-alley - I asked again what he was going to do with it, he made no answer, put it on the settle, and moved away from it, and I saw by the corner, that it was serge. He owed me 18 s. I told him I would thank him for it, as soon as he could, for I was short; he said he had got the serge out to pay me, and if I would go in the parlour, he would tell me all about it, as he thought I had some suspicion. We went into the parlour, he begged me to say nothing about it. I said it would be the best way to tell me about it, and I would not tell - he left the serge at my uncle's, I put a seal on the bundle. I saw Mr. Webb next morning, and told him all I knew. About eleven o'clock that morning, Rushworth and I went together to Byford, to the front of the warehouse; I asked Byford how he came to take the piece out, he said he did do it, was very sorry, and hoped I would say nothing about it, and said he would get the serge away from my uncle's at dinner time, take it to the dyer's, and they would bring it back with one hundred and fifty returns - they were taken in custody on the following morning. I took the serge from my uncle's on the night of the 24th, after Rushworth left, brought it to my own house, and kept it there till the 26th, then brought it to the warehouse, sealed it, and gave it to the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. The men usually leave at six o'clock - A. Yes; Rushworth passed me as he went out, and wished me good night - he had nothing then; the serge is too large to be concealed - I parted with him that night, and by agreement, went with him to Byford the next morning. I had told my master, and had his approbation for what I was doing - I told Byford it was a bad job, and he said it was. I asked him how he came to get it out, because Rushworth had told me Byford had got it out - he asked if I had said any thing about it, I said
"No;" he said he did do it, and was sorry for it. I did not say they should not be hurt - they were taken in custody half an hour after. I locked the serge in my own room till I sealed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am an officer, and produce the serge and wrapper, which Archard delivered to me at Guildhall.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Brook and Co. I know the wrapper, I had it on the 23d of January to cover over goods which I carried out. I returned it to the warehouse where the prisoners were employed.
BYFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RUSHWORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
