





240. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CONSTANCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hewit
                        



                     
                  , on the 2d of October
, and stealing one cribbage-board, value 10s.; 5 books, value 1l.; 1 shawl, value 16s.; 3 napkins, value 3s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 1s., and 1 shirt, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Frost
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FROST
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Frost
               



            , and lodge in Perry-street, Somers'-town


, on the second-floor - Thomas Hewit, the landlord, lives in the house; two young men lived in the back-room, first-floor; two parlours were occupied by other lodgers; I went out about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon of the 2d of October, I locked the door I am quite positive, and left all the property safe in the room; I returned about one o'clock with my husband, and found the door wide open; the lock was half back, it was half out of the box - it appeared as if it had been picked with a false key; I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and saw all of those at Mary-le-bone-office on or about the 20th of October, but I missed more - the prisoner was in custody; he was one of the lodgers in the house, but we were not intimate with him at all, and never visited; he lodged in the back-room first-floor - he called himself a piano-forte maker, out of employ; I have a letter which I received - I do not know the hand-writing - it came by post on Monday.


                  RICHARD 
                  FAIRLAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Lisson-grove. I have a shawl which I took in pawn for 8s. on the 3d of October from a female, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bond
               



            ; it was claimed by Mrs. Frost at the office.


                  WALTER 
                  FAIRLAM
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gideon, a pawnbroker, of Stafford-street, Lisson-green. I have a sheet and two bed-gowns, pawned in the name of Ann Bond, for 1s. 6d.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ross, pawnbroker, of Paddington-street. I have four books called"The Mirror," pawned for 8s. by a young man in the name of George Foster - I cannot say the prisoner is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY
               



             BOND. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Osnaburgh-street, Regent's-park. I have a cribbage-board pawned in the evening of the 2d of October, about seven o'clock, in the name of Henry Frost, for 2s. 6d - I cannot identify the prisoner - I do not remember the person.


                  JAMES 
                  HILVER
               



            . I live with Mr. Flint, a pawnbroker, of the Edgeware-road. I have a book and three napkins pawned on the 3d of October for 4s. 6d. - and the"Young Man's Companion;" the book, is pawned in the name of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Frost
               



            , and the napkins in the name of George Warner; they were brought separately, but on the same day - I do not recollect the prisoner's person.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARY 
                  HEWIT
               



            . I live at No. 4, Perry-street. I rent the front-room first-floor - my husband is a chair-marker; the prisoner lived in the back-room; when Mrs. Frost came home she complained of being robbed - I had not seen the prisoner in her room - I know nothing more.


                  EDWARD 
                  CONSTANCE
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother -(looking at a letter) - I cannot swear to his writing, I have not seen him write for three years; it certainley is like his hand-writing - I believe it to be his; it is signed 
               
                  George 
                  Jones
               



             and H. Williams - I do not know those persons - (read).
To Mr. Frost, Perry-street, Somer's-town. October 4, 1828.
SIR, - Doubtless ere this you are aware of your loss; it is useless our denying it, therefore we shall make a full confission, and trust to your clemency and kindness. Driven by distress, starvation, and without a place to shelter our heads, when we left Perry-street, we entered your apartment, and took the articles, of which we now return the duplicats, being well aware that they are of greater value than what they are pledged for, and with the intention of making our crime as light a possable; do not emmagin for a moment that we returne them out of bravado - no, rest assured such is not our intentin, but to attone in part for our crimes, and make your loss as little as possable. Sir, I implore, that after this confession you will deal as leniant with us as possable, and not let the law take its course; that we are deserving of yours and the laws correction we well know, but we allso know that you cannot be so unfeeling has to deprive a fellow creature of liberty and reputation, for commiting a crime when urged to it by hungar and distress; under all curcumstances, we we will rely upon your humanity, and throw ourselves entirely upon your mercy -We remain, your verry humble servants, &c, G. JONES and H. WILLIAMS.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the office on the 29th; I searched him - Frost produced this letter containing six duplicates.
MRS. FROST. I received this letter by the post; it contained six duplicates of the articles produced; the prisoner left the premises on the night of the robbery - I had not heard that he inteuded to go before.
The several pawnbrokers here identified the different duplicates produced.


                  MARY 
                  HEWITT
               



             re-examined. My husband rents the house; the prisoner had lived there a fortnight and a fewdays, and left on the night of the robbery - he paid 4s. 6d. a week; he had given no notice at all, nor did he tell us where he was going to - a person named Murray lived in the room with the prisoner, but they came by the name of Jones and Williams, but I did not know which was which; my husband told them if they could not pay they had better leave - I believe that was on the Tuesday, and the robbery was on Thursday; they promised to pay on the Wednesday, but did not.
Prisoner's Defence. The landlord of the house gave us notice to quit if we did not pay our rent the night following; the letters are not my hand-writing.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               But not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
