





1284. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, one wrapper, value 5 s., and seventy pair of blankets, value 24 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Francis 
                  Green
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. W. F. Green, of Bread-street


. On the 12th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, Mr. Farrows, who lives next door, came in and gave me information; I immediately missed a bale of blankets, which weighed 2 cwt. and a quarter, it contained seventy pair of blankets, and in St. Paul's churchyard, I got sight of the prisoner, two persons were walking by the side of the cart, and the prisoner was sitting on the bale in the cart, immediately as I turned off the curbstone, the two men ran away - I told the prisoner he had stolen the bale, he said, he had not, but that two gentlemen put it in his cart. The name of "
               
                  William 
                  Hands
               



            . No. 15, Twisters-alley, Bunhill-row;" was on the cart. I told him to drive back, he did, and I gave him in charge. I have not seen Hands - the blankets are worth 24 l. 10 s. The bale was inside the passage, some way.


                  EDWARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a warehouseman, and live next door. On Friday the 12th of October, between six o'clock and half-past, I saw an empty small taxed cart between our door and Green's, a few minutes after I went to the door, and saw the cart turning round, two men were behind it, and one driving - the bale was then in it; I suspected something - they went down the street - I informed Stanton, and went with him, we found the cart in St. Paul's churchyard, the two persons left the head of the cart; the prisoner was driving it, we made him drive back.
MR. GREEN. The bale is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Smithfield with a horse of my father's for sale, and about half-past five o'clock my father came with two gentlemen, who said, they wanted a horse and cart to go in the City. I got a cart, they got in, and drove to Bread-street, got down at the end of the street, and told me to drive up to the door, they brought the bale out of the warehouse, put it in the cart, and told me to drive on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
