





225. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MAYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously disposing of and putting off to 
                     
                        John 
                        Thurtel
                     



                  , 5 counterfeit shillings, at and for a lower rate and value than the same did by their denomination import, and were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLET and ELLIS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  THURTEL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I first saw the prisoner on Friday, the 13th of November, at the Pheasant public-house, in Gray's Inn-lane; I told him I had a letter, and I wanted some bobs and tanners, by which I meant sixpences and shillings - he said he had none at that time; I said I would go again on the Tuesday, but being on duty, I went on the Wednesday, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day; I showed him the letter, which I stated came from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Sullivan
               



             - this is it; I was acting under the authority of Mr. Powell, the solicitor, and some other persons(read.)
House of Correction, November 11, 1829.
DEAR JOHN, - By your not coming to me on Wednesday, I was afraid your were in trouble; I was sorry to hear it was through illness, and not being able to do any thing for yourself, nor me able to help you - things have been very bad, and much altered for the worse since I was here before; Mary Sullivan, that used to stand by me in Walling-street, came here, and told me that if you go to 
               
                  Tom 
                  Marr
               



            , and mention her name, he will serve you with what you want at the same price he serves her, tanners at 1d. and bobs 2d. - she says you will find him at the corner of Hand-alley, or No. 17, Gray's Inn-lane; the old woman that brings the 6d. will tell you how to send in a little tea and sugar, and a few halfpence if you can. Dear John, I long for my time to be up, as I have heard you are so very ill. I must conclude by wishing you better. I remain your friend, ANN SWEENEY.


                  JOHN 
                  THURTEL
               



            . The prisoner read part of this letter, and asked how much I wanted; I told him I had but 1s. 3d., but I wanted a few of each tanners and bobs - he said he had a few shillings, but they were not clipt; he then left me outside the Pheasant, and went and brought six shillings, which he gave me - I marked them with a stamp, and gave them to Riley; a female came in, and the prisoner gave her two or three shillings at the same time; I saw him again between six and seven o'clock the next evening- I then bought five shilllings of him for 1s. 1/2d.; I stamped them, and gave them to Riley. On the Wednesday after I met serjeant Riley, Seymour, and Mansfield, at the King's Head, Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields - my things were all taken off, and I was searched; I had my coat and waistcoat taken off, my trousers were down - my boots were taken off, and my pockets turned inside out; I had nothing on me but a punch to mark the money - I then received from Riley one shilling and one halfpenny, which he said he had marked; I went with Seymour to the Pheasant - I sat down, and Seymour sat at some distance from me - the prisoner was there when I went in, and offered me some beer; he asked what I wanted - I said five; he said, "Give me the money, and I will fetch you five good ones," as I had complained of the others being badly finished - he then left me, and was gone about ten minutes- he then brought in five bad shillings, and threw them down; I had given him the shilling before - I said, "I have to give you another halfpenny, and that will make all right;" the shilling and halfpenny I gave him were what I had received from Riley; the prisoner was then taken by Riley, Mansfield, and Seymour, and searched in the public-house - I was then taken to the watch-house; the five bad shillings were in my right-hand trousers pocket: Riley took them, and marked them.
PHILIP RILEY. I am a serjeant of the Police. Thurtel acted under my directions - on the 23rd of November I searched him in the presence of Seymour and Mansfield -I searched his coat, waistcoat, and trousers as narrowly as ever I searched a person in my life; I have known him since he has been in the Police, and have reason to believe he is an honest person - I went afterwards to the Pheasant, with Mansfield, and remained there about three minutes at the door, when Seymour came out, and said, "It is all right;" I then went in, and saw Thurtel sitting, and the prisoner standing by his side - I said to Thurtel, "What have you got there?" I took his left hand, opened it, and the shillings fell on the table; I said, "Where did you get these?" he said, "From that man," pointing to the prisoner; I handcuffed them both together - I put my hand into the prisoner's pocket, and took out a shilling and some halfpence, which I put into Mansfield's hand; Thurtel took the five bad shillings to the watch-house - I found the shilling and halfpenny which I had given to Thurtel in the prisoner's pocket, and about 6d. worth of halfpence more.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEYMOUR
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was at the King's Head, Little Queen-street - I saw Riley search Thurtel, and a shilling and a halfpenny were given to him, which I had seen Riley mark before; I have heard the witness, and what he has stated is correct, as far as I know.
JOHN MANSFIELD. I am a Police-constable. I was at the Pheasant on the 23rd of November - I received from serjeant Riley the money, which I saw him take from the prisoner; I put it into my right hand breeches pocket, where I had no other money - I declare the money I produced at the watch-house was what I received from Riley- I have it here now; here is one shilling and a halfpenny marked, and 6d. in halfpence besides.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . Here are the five shillings which are counterfeit - the shilling and halfpenny are what I marked- here is a small hole drilled with my penknife on them.
JOHN FIELD. I am an inspector of counterfeit coin. - These five shillings are counterfeit; it is usual to mill shillings at the Mint - these other six, which were got on the 18th, are counterfeit, but not of the same mould; these five, got on the 19th, are counterfeit.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocently led into this - I had known this man from about March last, and had drank with him at different times; at the latter end of August he came to me, and said, "I have got so and so, and I do not mean to keep them any longer - if you like you may have them;" at the times in question he came to me, and said,"Have you disposed of them?" I said No - he said, "I have some friends I can depend upon to make away with them," and on the four different times he had these of me- I had sat with him on the Friday the greater part of the day, and he said if I would lend him a little he would pay me. and I lent him 1s. 4d. or 1s. 6d.; he went out, came in again, and said he wanted five of those things which he gave me, and I gave them to him; I acknowledge I had them, but I got them from this man, and he was afraid I should have him up for something he owned me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
