





1778. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Boyd
                  




               
            .


                  ELLEN 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am the wife of Robert Boyd; we live in Star-court, Little Compton-street


: the prisoner lodged in there on the 7th of August - he was sitting in my room that night; I pulled off my apron - there was a pocket in it, in which was a sovereign, a half-crown, two shillings, and a sixpence; I put the apron on a chair, close by where he sat - I went to get some coals; he put his hand into my pocket, and took out a handkerchief, which had the money tied in one corner - I was putting on the coals, I turned my head and said to another lodger, "
               James, Henry
             has got my money and handkerchief;" he said, "Yes, he is only gone into the yard - it is only a lark" - I staid a few minutes, but he did not return; he ran away - on the 9th I met him in Seven-dials; he had no money, but he had a good hat on, a pair of stockings, and a different handkerchief and trousers to what he used to wear.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not send me to Mr. Smith, to see if you had left any money there, where you had been drinking, and were brought home by a man and woman? A. No, nothing of the kind - I did not leave my home.


                  JAMES 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I lodge in this house. I saw the apron on the chair near the bed-side; the prosecutor had given me a sixpence out of the corner of the handkerchief where the sovereign and silver was; to fetch a pot of beer, about half-past ten o'clock, and then the prisoner took the handkerchief and went towards the yard - he made his escape, and never returned till we found him in Great Earl-street on the Wednesday.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MACE
               



            . I took up the prisoner. I found half a crown and some halfpence on him, a good second-hand hat on his head, and the trousers he has on.
Prisoner's Defence. I solemnly assure you I went to Bartholomew-fair with this woman's husband - he told me she was in the habit of taking all his money and valuables, wasting them, and then coming back to her old quarters; when he returned home that night he found her drinking in a gin-shop with her daughter - after I got home he chastised her, and then they went to bed with the witness; her clothes were in a chair by the bed-side- I heard some one touch the clothes, and her husband rose up and said, "Henry, Ellen is off;" he dressed himself and went out; he returned in the morning, and said he had found her in a watch-box with the watchman, and she had been circulating scandalous reports, which I do not choose to repeat - she came home; her husband and this man gave her a beating; she then desired me to go to the house of a person named Smith, to inquire if she had left any money there - I left the house without knowing any thing of the money; the trousers I have on were given me by a friend, and the hat I exchanged for an old one.
Prisoner to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BOYD
               



            . Q. Have you not stated that your wife has often left you, and that you found her and her daughter drinking after you returned from Bartholomew-fair? A. No, I did not; I did not see you after I entered the fair - we were going to have some supper when you came home; I found my wife at home - I did not return with any man and woman.
Q. Were not you, your wife, Sullivan and his wife, drinking in Smith's wine vaults that morning? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
