






Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
313. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November

, at St. Giles in the Fields



, 1 silver tea-pot, value 7l.; 2 silver candlesticks, value 10l.; 43 silver spoons, value 20l.; 12 silver forks, value 5l.; 1 silver nutmeg-grater, value 5s., and 1 silver label, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Barbara 
                           Knox
                        



                     
                  , widow
; 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 cloak, value 20s.; 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 2 seals, value 20s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Knox
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Barbara 
                        Knox
                     



; and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, at the same parish, 1 silver tea-pot, value 7l.; 1 silver nutmeg-grater, value 5s.; 10 silver forks, value 4l., and 10 silver spoons, value 1l., the goods of the said 
                     
                        Barbara 
                        Knox
                     



                  , part and parcel of the said goods, she well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
CAPTAIN 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KNOX
               



            . I was in the East India service
, and live at the house of my mother
, Mrs. 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Knox
               



             - she is a widow
, residing at North-crescent, Bedford-square



, in the parish of St. Giles in the Fields. On the 28th of November the prisoner Davies had been three weeks and three days in the service of the family - on that day we had a dinner-party, and it was his duty to wait at table - he was missing at dinner time, and I did not see him again for more than a month afterwards, when he was in custody. On the day he left we missed the articles stated in the indictment (enumerating them) - the coat, cloak, waistcoat, seals, watch, key, and a pair of shoes, were mine; the other articles were my mother's - we missed every thing that night, and the plate was missing at dinner. I found the plate at Bow-street, on the 26th of December, in the possession of Bond.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 29th of November I was desired to search for Davies. I found him at Bristol on the 15th of December; I said I had a warrant to apprehend him for robbing Captain Knox - I saw another officer find this watch in his fob, and two seals, and in his trousers pocket six duplicates of property pawned at Bristol; he gave them to me immediately. I found a silver bladed knife in his waistcoat pocket; I went to his lodgings in Bristol - he told me he lodged there; I found under the head of his bed a cloak; and in the room a black waistcoat, a pair of shoes, a great coat, a jacket, a silver Port wine lable, and a red waistcoat. I found six more duplicates there.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNAPP
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rochford, a pawnbroker, of Brewer-street, Golden-square. I have four silver table forks, and a silver nutmeg-grater, pawned on the 28th of November, by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  King
               



            , but I cannot identify her.


                  EDWARD 
                  DANIEL DORMAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Tate, a pawnbroker, of Cambridge-street, Golden-square. I have eight silver tea-spoons and five silver forks, pawned on the 28th of November, by the female prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Williams
               



             - I had seen her before, and have no doubt of her person.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, pawnbroker, of Tottenham-court-road. I have a silver tea-pot, two spoons, and a fork, which I took in of the female prisoner, on the 28th of November; she pawned them all at once, but in different names; I have no doubt whatever of her person - she said she brought the spoons and forks for a friend, and gave the name of Mary Mansfield - she pawned the tea-pot in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davies
               



            ; she was ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  WITHERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Bristol. On the 30th of November two table-cloths and four desert-spoons were pawned with me - on the 6th of December six tea-spoons, and on the 9th of December a silver shaving-box and stand, and six more tea-spoons; they were pawned by two females, to whom I gave duplicates; one brought the property, and the other accompanied her; neither of them was Williams. (Looking at four duplicates) - these are what I gave the persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



             re-examined. These are four of the duplicates which were found on the prisoner. Williams was given into my custody on the 10th, in town.


                  RICHARD 
                  WESTON
               



            . I know both the prisoners - they both lived in my service once, and at the same time; Davies entered my service in December, 1824, and left in the middle of September last; Williams was only a few weeks with me, towards the latter end of his time, and remained after he quitted.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I live in Cumberland-street. Middlesex Hospital. Williams lodged in my house in November last, and left on the 28th of November; she had lived there three weeks, during which time Davies came to see her and his wife, who also lodged there - they both lived in one room. The last rent I received was from the prisoner Davies.
Prisoner WILLIAMS. Q. Did he come to see me, or his wife and sister? A. Williams slept with Davies' wife allthe three weeks they were there; they went away together in a coach, on the night of the robbery - Davies went with them; I did not see them get into the coach, but Davies brought it to the door, and when it went away they were all gone.(Property produced and sworn to.)
DAVIES' Defence. I did not go in the coach.
Three witnesses gave Davies a good character.
DAVIES - GUILTY - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 26.




               Strongly recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, on account of his character
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
