





2100. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  PLUMTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 11 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Timson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN TIMSON. I am a seaman
. I met the prisoner on the 27th of September, and went with her to a house in Sun-yard


 - I had been drinking, but was sober - I had eleven sovereigns in my trousers pocket - I put the trousers under the pillow, and laid on the bed with the prisoner; it was about eleven o'clock in the day - I went to sleep; when I awoke my trousers were there, but the money and the prisoner gone; while I was dressing, she came into the room - I asked her about the money; she said five sovereigns were at Mr. Fletcher's, and that was all there was - I said I had eleven sovereigns; she said I had not - I said I would go with her to get them; we went to Fletcher's, where I got five.


                  JOHN 
                  GASKIN
               



            . I am an officer. I was applied to, on the 28th of September, by Timson: he went to the house; and pointed the prisoner out to me; she at first denied it, but afterwards said, the sovereigns she took from him she had left at the public-house - I said there was more; she said there was not - I asked if she had any box; she produced one, in which I found several new articles; she said she had bought them with a sovereign she had taken from him, and told me the shop - I went there; they said she had said for them with a sovereign.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she and the prosecutor were intoxicated, and he gave her eight sovereigns to take care of, saying she might keep three of them herself.
GUILTY


               . Aged 16. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
