





486. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     THORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               having in her custody and possession, a forged 1 l. Bank of England note, she well knowing it to be forged
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     DENHAM
                  




               
            . I am a stationer
, and live in Great Windmill-street


 - I am also a constable. On the 24th of February
, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came and bought a pocket-book, which came to 4 s. 6 d. She produced a 1 l. note and 2 s., and said she was sorry to trouble me for change, but that was all the silver she had. I suspected her, marked the note, and said I had not got change, but I would try to get it in the neighbourhood. I went out, returned, and asked her her name and address, and of whom she took the note. She said she was an unfortunate woman, and the note was given to her by a gentleman in Shepherd-street - she gave her name as 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Thorn
               



            , City-road. I said I must search her, which she objected to. I repeated the request, and stated that I was a constable, but she still objected to it. I said I must take her to a place where we should force her to be searched -she was searched in our back room by a woman, and taken to the watch-house; she then said she had no place of residence. I said she must have some place to keep her clothes in; she said she had nothing but what she had got on. I said it was strange she should buy a pocketbook for 4 s. 6 d. when she could get one for 8 d. or 9 d. that would answer her purpose - she made no answer. I returned home, and on going to the shop, in the place where she stood, I found a new umbrella - next morning Mr. Simms claimed it - (looks at one) - this is it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SIMMS
               



            . I live in Marylebone-street. On the 24th of February, about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and bought an umbrella for 7 s. 6 d., and said if it turned out good she would recommend me a customer. She tendered me a 1 l. note, but I begged of her to give me silver; she produced 2 s. and a 1 l. note from under her glove, said that was all she had, and she was determined to have an umbrella. I held the note up to the light, and saw the water-mark, then went out to borrow a few shillings, and gave her change - the umbrella produced is the one she bought. I gave the note she gave to me to Abbott; who got it changed for me.


                  JOHN 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I live with Mr. Simms. I was in the shop when the prisoner came in. Mr. Simms gave me the note, and I took the same note to Mr. Lawrence, who changed it.
FRIEND LAWRENCE. I am a baker, and live in Marylebone-street. On the 24th of February I changed a note for Abbott; I marked it, and put it by - (looks at one) - this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am an inspector of Bank notes; the notes are both forged in every respect, and both impressed from the same plate.
(The note was here put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a gentleman, who paid me the note. I know nothing of the other.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
