







1527. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  SURRY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GILLETT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 coat,value 15s., and 1 pocket-book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Roberts
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
JOHN ROBERTS. I am a dealer in potatoes
, and live in Upper East Smithfield


. My coat was on a shelf behind the counter; the pocket-book was in the pocket; I had seen them safe about two o'clock on Friday, the 14th of July; I missed them about five o'clock; I did not see either, of the prisoners in my shop - I had gone up stairs to be down.

THOMAS GRAY

            . I am an officer. On the 14th of July I was in White's-yard, Whitechapel, a little after five o'clock in the evening, about two hundred yards from Mr. Roberts' house - I stopped both the prisoners, in company, and in Surry's right hand I saw a black pocket-book, which he was looking at - and in his left-hand a bundle of papers; I asked where he got the book - he said he bought it of a hawker for 1s. 6d.; I asked if he knew the hawker - he said, No; I took him to the office; Marston took the papers from his right hand.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSTON
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Thomas Gray. I took Gillett, who had this coat on over his own - he said he bought it at a shop in Whitechapel; I found a letter in the pocket, which he said came from his brother in the country; I found it related to the prosecutor, and found him out.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SURRY'S Defence. I bought the pocket-book of the same person he bought the coat of - he was a hawker, who exposed braces, and such like things, for sale; he found the papers in the pocket, and gave them to me to read them.
GILLETT'S Defence. I gave 9s. for the coat, to a hawker near Petticoat-lane.
SURRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
GILLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
