





2088. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 1 writing-desk, value 30s.; 1 coat, value 7s.; 1 pair of pantaloons, value 20s.; 1 purse, value 1s., and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wright
                     



                  ; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fletcher
               



            .
JOHN WRIGHT. I am master of the Hebe, collier
; she was at Bell-wharf


 - on the 9th of October, I was asleep in the cabin, and about one o'clock that morning I was awoke by some person in my bed-place; I lay still, and heard the noise again - I put out my hand, and got a slight hold of a man; I said "What do you want?" he got off, and I pursued him - he went out at the starboard gangway, and was getting into a boat, but he fell overboard; I got into the boat, and picked him up out of the water; I called for my crew, and two of them came; I found it was the prisoner I had hold of - we got him on deck, and made him fast with a chain; my men called the Police-boat - we found three silk handkerchiefs on him; I went down, and found my desk removed bottom uppermost, and my pantaloons and hat were removed, they had been hanging up - my purse was in my pantaloons pocket; he was quite a stranger, and had no right to be there.
JOHN FLETCHER. I am a mariner
, and was on board the Hebe. These two handkerchiefs are mine, and had been taken from the ship that night.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I was called, and took the prisoner; he said he came off in a boat, and must get on shore as he could.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was on board that vessel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
