





948. 
               
                  
                     HECTOR 
                     MUNRO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, two snuff-boxes, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Michael William 
                           Troy
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. DOWLING conducted the prosecution.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WILLIAM TROY
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in George-street, Portman-square


. On the 3d of June, I missed two snuff-boxes from my mantle-shelf, one a musical, and the other an agate one; they laid usually on the chimney-piece. I had not seen the prisoner at my house that day, but was informed he had been there under pretence of writing a letter to me - he had lately come from abroad.
MR. 
               
                  AUGUSTUS 
                  MANNING
               



            , JUN. On Monday the 18th or 19th of June, in consequence of information, I went to the house of a friend, where I understood the prisoner was, and in consequence of what I stated to him, I received from him two duplicates which I delivered to my father. I went to the pawnbrokers with the duplicates with my father, to Flemmings, in Fleet-market, and there found one musical snuff-box.
MR. 
               
                  AUGUSTUS 
                  MANNING
               



            , SEN. I received a duplicate from the prisoner, on the 25th of June, which I produce; he was apprehended on the 29th of June.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I took the prisoner in custody, and found a pocket-book on him.
MR. MANNING, SEN. Here is the entry in the pocketbook of the prisoner's hand-writing. I have seen him write, and know his hand-writing - I believe this to be his, (reads)
"Mr. Troy, No. 13, George-street, Portman-square." I received that from the prisoner, with the duplicate.
HENRY THREADER. I am servant to Mr. Flemming, a pawnbroker, who lives in Fleet-market. On the 4th of June, a musical snuff-box was pawned with me for 2 l. 10 s. I do not recollect the person; the duplicate produced is that I gave the person - it is a fancy article.
WM. TARRANT. I am shopman to Mr. Gray, a pawnbroker, Fleet-street. On the 4th of June, an agate snuff-box was pawned with me for 10 s. 6 d. in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Munro
               



            . I do not know who by, but the duplicate produced is the one I gave him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
