






472. 
               
                  GEORGR 
                  IVERY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  REID
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of January
, a pair of shoes, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Robson
                     



                  , and a teaspoon, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Peter Thomas 
                  Skipper
               



            .
Reid 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
MARY ROBSON. I am servant
 to Messrs. Carnaby and Co. Upper Thames-street


. On the 17th of January the prisoners came to the house, they rang the bell, I answered the door. Reid asked if my name was Robson, and if I had a brother in the East Indies - I said yes, and expected him home every day - he said he had brought a quantity of India crape and silk handkerchiefs for me, and my mother, and sister, that they were at his lodgings, and he got them safe ashore. I asked them to sit down - the bell rang - I had to attend dinner, and left them in the kitchen - I came down, they said they wished to see my mother and sister - I gave them her direction, and they gave me a direction where to come for what they had brought me, they said they were going into the city and would call on me another time - my shoes hung over where they sat - they came again in the evening, and said they had called to state all the particulars about my brother, as they did not wish to say so much before the young man who was there in the afternoon - they said about half an hour, and about ten minutes after they were gone. I missed my shoes and tea-spoon - before they went Mr. Skipper, (who lives in the house) called for his tea, and I left them in the kitchen while I took it up - Reid introduced Ivery as his brother - they said they wanted to go to the theatre - they went out - I missed the tea-spoon and shoes soon after; the tea-spoon belonged to Mr. Skipper, and was taken from the drawer.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was in the kitchen the first time the prisoners came, and know them to be the men.


                  JOHN 
                  RICE
               



            . I apprehended Ivery on the 19th of January - the prosecutrix's sister gave them in charge in King-street, Borough - he did not deny being in the house, but knew nothing of the robbery, and said he knew nothing of Read.
IVERY'S Defence. I know nothing of the other prisoner, I met him on Monday morning as I was looking for a situation, he took me to Thames-street, and said he should be glad of my company at the theatre, he went to Robson's again, but I know nothing of the robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
