





1153. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 3 aprons, value 6d.; and 1 towel, value 6d., the goods 
                     
                        James 
                        Goodwin
                     



                  ; 2 loaves of bread, value 1s. 6d., and 2lbs. weight of butter, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I live in Nelson-street, Hackney-road


. On the 7th of April these aprons and towel hung down-stairs, in the wash-house. I saw them safe at eight o'clock at night, and missed them at seven in the morning, The prisoner is a stranger - whoever took them must have got in while I was in bed; the door has only a latch.


                  HENRY 
                  LARD
               



            . I am a watchman of Shoreditch. On the 7th of April, about a quarter-past five o'clock, I was coming off duty and saw the prisoner running with a bag at his back, about one hundred and forty yards from Mrs. Goodwin's - I and my partner pursued him, he ran down a very bad place, and we lost sight of him for a short time. We found the bag over a fence and his shoes near it - he was taken in the chimney of an empty house. When he came to the watch-house, he said "These are not my shoes- I shan't have them." I said "You had better put them on," he did so - he said a cap, which I picked up, was not his. I said he had better put it on, which he did; they both fitted him well - the bag contained two quartern loaves, a plate, some butter, three aprons, and a towel.


                  GEORGE 
                  BANKS
               



            . I pursued the prisoner, and found him up a chimney, without shoes, in a house in Crabtree-row. The shoes and cap both fitted him.


                  JAMES 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I was with my brother watchman, whose account is correct.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of John Jones. I lost two pounds of bread and two pounds of butter, from my safe. I live next door but one to Goodwin.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the brick fields and found the bag in the ditch; these men followed me - I was frightened and ran away - neither the shoes or cap are mine. I had left my shoes in the sand house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
