





FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, JANUARY 17.
OLD COURT.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
318. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, a purse, value 1 d., eight sovereigns, three half-crowns, and five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Wilder
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Tyllier
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Blunt Tyllier
                     



.
EDWARD WILDER. I am servant
 to Messrs. Tyllier, farmers, at Harmondsworth. The prisoner was my fellow-servant
. I had saved up eight sovereigns, three half-crowns, and five shillings, and put the silver into a mole-skin purse, which was in my trunk, and the eight sovereigns at the bottom of my trunk, which was locked, and I kept the key; it stood in my bed-room, in master's house; the prisoner, and ten more men slept there. On Tuesday, the 21st December, about half-past five o'clock, in the evening, I found the trunk wrenched open, and the money gone - I had put my clothes away, on the Sunday; the purse and silver were then safe, but I had not seen the sovereigns since the Sunday week - I informed my master of my loss, about half-past 8 o'clock that night, when he came in; the prisoner was down stairs, when I missed the money, and I told him of it; he finished his work, and went to bed - my master searched all the men down stairs, but found nothing; the prisoner was then in bed, and the purse, with 12 s. 6 d. in it, was found in his breeches-pocket, which were under his head; the trunk had not been broken open on the Sunday.
MR. JAMES TYLLIER. I am in partnership with Richard Blunt Tyllier; we both reside in the same house. I heard of this robbery on the Tuesday night, and found the purse in the prisoner's pocket, with three half-crowns, and five shillings in it; he said voluntarily that it was Wilder's purse, and he had taken it out of the trunk; that he only had 12 s. 6 d., and knew nothing of the sovereigns - I gave him in charge.
EDWARD WILDER. This is my purse; only eight sovereigns were taken - I had not seen them for nine days before; they were in one corner of my trunk.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the purse.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing 12 s. 6 d., and the purse
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
