





340. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  THOMAS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 14th of December
, 2 boxes, value 2s., and 185 squares of glass, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Baker
               




            .
JOHN BAKER. I am a carrier
. On the 14th of December I loaded my cart at Mr. Fenton's, in West Smithfield; I left there about half-past three o'clock - I had two boxes, which contained one hundred and eighty-five squares of glass, and in Union-street, Spitalfields


, I missed them - I had seen them safe ten minutes before; two officers came soon after, and gave me information; I had not seen the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . On the 14th of December, about five o'clock, I and McWilliams were on duty in Wentworth-street, Spitalfields; and officer came and told us a man had lost two handkerchiefs; we went to Baker, who described the boxes; we then went to Petticoat-lane, and waited about some time; the prisoner, and two others, came out of a house - the prisoner had this box on his shoulder; I took him, and McWilliams followed the others, but they got away; the prisoner said a man had given him the box to carry.


                  JOHN 
                  McWILLIAMS
               



            . I was with Tyrrell, whose evidence is correct. I pursued the other two, but they escaped.
Prisoner. I pointed the man out directly.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . He did so, and I pursued the man, but could not get him.


                  CHARLES 
                  POND
               



            . I am a carpenter. I made this box, and another like it, for Mr. Fenton.
Prisoner's Defence. A young man asked me to carry it for 6d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
