






THIRTEENTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27.
1060. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 90 lbs. of lead, value 12 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harding
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARDING
               



            . I live at No. 12, King-street, Golden-square


. On the 19th of August, about five o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed; I arose opened the parlour window, and saw Finnigan in his shirt, saying thieves were in the house. I let the watchman in, and heard footsteps going down the kitchen stairs - the watchman brought the prisoners up. A man next door brought some lead which I found had been stripped off the roof of my privy; I compared it, and it fitted exactly. My neighbour's privy had been stripped the week before.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. How high is the roof - A. About seven feet. It was cut in two pieces and folded up.


                  EDWARD 
                  FINNIGAN
               



            . I lodge next door to Harding. I was getting up about five o'clock, and saw Walker coming down off the roof of the privy, and White take his apron off and putting a piece of lead into it. They must have got in at the door of No. 12 or 13 to get there. They heard me open the door, and got in at the back-door of No. 12. I alarmed Harding, and found the lead stripped off. A strange key was picked up in No. 13, which opened the door.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman. I found White behind the kitchen door, and Walker behind some wood. I saw the lead fitted to the roof, it matched, and had been fresh cut.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
