





453. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, one lace veil, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ebsworth
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN EBSWORTH
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Ebsworth, who is a musician
; we live in Cirencester-place, Fitzroy-square


. On the 13th of February, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was in the front parlour; some one came in, and took this veil, and other things from the back-room. I believe the door was open.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . On Wednesday, the 14th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Portland-road. I went down Norton-street, and saw the prisoner with two others; I passed them, and returned, took the prisoner, and Davis took the others; in the prisoner's hat I found this veil, and in his pocket a latch-key, which opens the prosecutor's door. He said the veil belonged to a young woman,


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was with Smith; we watched the prisoner and two others some time; they went to different doors on each side the street, as I thought to try the keys. After seeing them go to several doors, I ran and told Smith, and we apprehended them. I found some keys on the others, and on the prisoner a latch-key and the veil.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it of a man in the street.


                  ELIZA 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at No. 22, Gower-place, Euston-square, and am a dress-maker. I live with the next witness (
               
                  Louisa 
                  Lyon
               



            ). On Tuesday, the 13th of this month, the prisoner came to tea with her, between five and six o'clock. He remained in our company till ten o'clock - he did not go out at all. I am in partnership with Lyon; the prisoner is apprenticed to his father, who is a tailor. He came about four o'clock.
COURT. Q. Did he sup there - A. No. We amused ourselves during the evening by talking and playing at cards - there was nobody but us three. I do not know much about cards, I was trying to play. I do not know what game they called it, if she put down diamonds, so did I, and if hearts, I put down hearts.
Q. Well - A. We went a little way home with him, as far as Fitzroy-square.
Q. What makes you recollect the day - A. He was taken up next day, and the constable came. I told him he was with us.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



             re-examined. I called there next morning to enquire about the property. The prisoner did not tell me he had been there that night, but he said he was there a few nights before.


                  LOUISA 
                  LYON
               



            . I live at No. 22, Gower-place.
Q. Does the last witness live with you - A. She comes to see me. On the 13th of February, the prisoner came to tea with us - he comes to see me, and was with me from four to ten o'clock, and did not move out of the room.
COURT. Q. This woman does not live at your house - A. No, she comes to see me, and helps me sometimes.
Q. How did you amuse yourselves - A. We sat talking and laughing about one thing or another; we played at no game, neither drafts nor cards.
Q. Did you go and see him part of the way home - A. I have been to his house, and he has seen me home, but I never saw him home. I am certain we did not play at cards.
Q. Have you any partner in business - A. No, she is not my partner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
