





1906. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ABBOT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; and 1 pair of trousers, value 2s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Marshall
               




            .
RICHARD MARSHALL. I am a blacksmith
, and live in Frederick-street. I lent my coat, waistcoat, and trousers, to Edward Potter, on the 21st of July; I was to have five shillings for the use of them for about an hour - I have never seen them since.


                  EDWARD 
                  POTTER
               



            . I borrowed this coat, waistcoat, and trousers of Richard Marshall for the prisoner; I lent them to him - I told Marshall they were for a young man, but I did not say his name - the prisoner never returned them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POTTER
               



            . I met the prisoner in Weymouth-street, on the Wednesday; he said, the articles were left at a friend of his, and if I went with him I should have them - I went with him to Benjamin's, a salesman's shop, and he said, he had sent a person to sell them there; that he stood in the street, and got the money, 3s. 6d.


                  SOLOMON 
                  MOSES
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Benjamin; she is a widow - I bought a coat and waistcoat for five shillings of a young man - I did not see the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I took up the prisoner; he had these trousers on, and said he had sold the coat and waistcoat to a young man, well-known at the Olive-branch public-house, but I could not find him; as he went to the office, he said, he wished he had taken my advice before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
