






1112. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MEMORY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHEARLY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, a coat, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wesson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WESSON
               



            . I live at Wandsworth, and drive a cart about with tares. On the 15th of July, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Regent-street


, and missed my coat from under some hay-bands in my cart. It was safe five minutes before, and could not have dropped out. I found the prisoners in custody next day, but have not found it.


                  HENRY 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I live at the Regency Arms, Regent-street. Wesson's cart stood opposite our window. He went to deliver a bill, and I saw Memory lift up the bundle of hay-bands, and draw a large dark coat out of the cart. Shearly followed him, with a pipe in his mouth, and no hat on. He was on one side of the cart, and Memory on the other. They walked a little way, and then ran. I did not go after them, as I knew Memory very well before, but not Shearly. I am certain of them both. Wesson came up in five minutes, and I told him of it, and informed the officer. They were taken in about five minutes.


                  CHARLES 
                  DEW
               



            . I am a messenger of Queen-square office. On the 15th of July, about two o'clock, I was informed of this robbery, and between four and five o'clock found the prisoners together in James-street, Westminster. Shearly had a pipe in his mouth, and no hat.


                  RICHARD 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Dew, and found the prisoners in James-street. I have seen them in company frequently.
MEMORY'S Defence. I met Shearly by Westminster Infirmary. He asked me to walk to Chelsea with him, and while I was talking to him, the officer took us.
SHEARLY'S Defence. I was returning from Richmond with some salmon, about four o'clock. My sister sent for me; I started to go to her, and met Memory; I asked him to go with me, and the officer took us.
MEMORY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SHEARLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
