





472. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HINKIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 2 watches, value 6l.; 1 chain, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 5s., and a key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry William 
                        Philpot
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN PHILPOT
               



            . I am the wife of Henry William Philpot - we live in Shoreditch parish


. The prisoner is a neighbour, and visited at our house - we had two watches, which hung in the parlour behind the shop - I went out on the 24th of January, and saw my own watch a few minutes before, but I did not notice my husband's; my watch hung over the mantel-piece, and my husband's finger ring and a key, hung over it; I came home rather late, a customer asked what o'clock it was, and I was going to see when the prisoner ran out of the room, rushed by a customer, and got away. My servant told me he had taken the watch; I went and found my own was also gone - my husbands' has been found since, for the prisoner has been good enough to say where it was. I do not know the value of mine - my husband values his at 4l. - mine cost 3l., and he values it at 2l. - he had his watch in 1807.
Cross-examind by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Had you a seaman lodging in your house? A. Yes; the prisoner used to come and see us. I do not remember that he wanted ever to borrow money of me - I once heard my husband say he wanted to borrow 5s. of him - I did not see him there that day before my return. I never said to him "I cannot lend you any money but you may take the watch."
Q. Try and recollect, madam, and then say whether you persist in saying you never gave him such leave?. A. Oh, dear, no! I never did. I did not miss my husband's watch till he came home - only my own - when I missed my own it was about seven o'clock in the evening, as near as I can recollect. My husband keeps a general chandler's shop. I do not know what parish our house is in.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BROUGHTON
               



            . I am eleven years old, and live with Mr. Philpot. The prisoner often came to my master's house. I remember the day the watch was miss>ed, about seven o'clock in the evening - the prisoner had been there about half an hour before; while he was there he stood up by the fire-place all the time; there were two watches hanging over his head, by the mantel-piece: I saw him take the watch. He told me once to go out of the room to teize a little girl. When I was in the shop I could see through a window into the room; there was a key and a silver spoon on the mantel-shelf; I saw him take my mistress' watch down with his right hand. I then went into the parlour - he had his hand in his pocket- he then took up his hat, and rushed out of the room, ran by the customers in the shop, and nearly knocked them down; I saw my mistress' watch at tea time, about five or six o'clock - when I looked afterwards I found both the watches gone. I told little Harriet, and she told my mistress.
Cross-examined. Q. Was this young man at your master's once on the day before? A. Yes; my mistress was not at home, but my master was, and the little child; the prisoner had been there half an hour before this happened - he talked once about a young girl who was going to a mad-house; he said he would take her down to Gravesend. My master and mistress, and this young man, have been very intimate.


                  JOHN 
                  COWLEY CROUCH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Norfolk-street. I have a watch, which the prisoner pledged on the 26th of January, for 2l. The chain and seals were pledged the day before, by him - the value of them is about two guineas.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are you sure he is the man? A. Yes.


                  MOSES 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I am a salesman, and live at No. 6, Vinegar-yard, Drury-lane. The prisoner left two duplicates with me on the 3d of February, which Vann, the officer, has got - I went to see the goods in pledge, but I did not take them out.


                  JOHN 
                  GREENHILL
               



            . I saw the prisoner in Golden-lane, and apprehended him in Beech-street; I asked him if he had delivered the property to the prosecutor - he replied that he knew nothing of it; I said if he would return it they would not hurt a hair of his head.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I received the prisoner in custody on the 3d of February.
MRS. PHILPOT re-examined. These seals belong to my husband.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Have you not been in the habit of going to the play with the prisoner? A. No; on one occasion my husband had a couple of orders to go to Sadler's-well - he intented to go himself with Hinkin. I never went with him more than once, and that was with my husband's permission.
Prisoner. You are the woman who kept me from sea, and said I should not want money. Witness. Good God! is there no law? Upon my solemn oath there is no truth in these insinuations. Before this I always thought him a good lad. I did give my daughter 2s. to give the prisoner, which she took to him in Newgate, because he said he was in want.
MOSES SOLOMON. The gentleman who came to me after the tickets said there should be no prosecution.
MRS. PHILPOT re-examined. Neither myself or husband have a residence in North-street, City-road - he has a freehold there, which is let out in tenements, and my uncle receives the rent altogether - we have let it to him, and he pays the rent to my husband. My aunt lives in the house when my uncle and his family are there; I have not been there for several days - for two or three days; there may be gentlemen and ladies lodge there for any thing I know. When I had the house I let it to ladies and gentlemen too - we gave it up because we did not wish to keep it any longer - it is not a house of reception for company.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . It is a house of reception for prostitutes and company - I know it well. Witness. It is not a house let out to gentlemen and ladies who choose to go there - it is let out to weekly tenants.
The prisoner put in a long written Defence, intimating that he cohabited with the prosecutrix, who kept a house of illfame - and that on the night in question she gave him the watches to pledge, not having any money to lend him.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
