






69. 
               
                  
                     LEVI 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 chain, value 21s.; 1 seal, value 21s., and 1 key value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Todd
                     




                  , from his person
            


                  THOMAS 
                  TODD
               



            . I live in Fenchurch-street. On the 10th of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was passing through a crowd at the corner of Queen-street


, to get to my office; I did not perceive my watch taken, but am certain it was safe shortly before - it was gold, and worth 10l.; I missed it as soon as I cleared myself of the crowd: Reardon and Pine brought it to my office on the 14th of November.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I took the prisoners to the watch-house, and left them there; I had not seen them near Queen-street - I did not look into the hole to see if any body else was there, but afterwards thought I had not searched them properly, and returned in ten or fifteen minutes; I found them both there - there was nobody else there: immediately I opened the lock-up room, Hall jumped down from an iron railing, and sat down by the side of Curtis - I perceived that Hall had a different handkerchief on to that he had before; I said, "Pine, he has got a different handkerchief on, look up at the railing for his handkerchief;" I took the prisoners out of the place, and Pine produced a handkerchief, with a gold watch, seal, and chain, which Mr. Todd claimed on the 11th, not the 14th - I did not show it to the prisoners till they got to the Compter; they then said it did not belong to them.
Prisoner CURTIS. Q.When we were put into the place, was there not a young man there? A. Not to my knowledge; there was nobody there when I returned.
Prisoner HALL. I did not jump from the window - we were both standing up instead of Curtis sitting down. Witness. I asked him what he wanted up there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PINE
               



            . I returned to the watch-house with Reardon in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; as we opened the door we saw Hall had a different handkerchief on - I found the very handkerchief he had on his neck before on the floor, and up at the place he dropped from, I found this watch, on the iron grating.
DANIEL REARDON. Pine showed me where he found the watch - it was where Hall dropped from.
CURTIS' Defence. There was a young man in the lock-up place; he said it was for a row, and soon after two officers came and took him out, searched him, and gave him his liberty - he wore a sailor's jacket.
CURTIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
