





London Cases,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
633. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOBEY
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. 
               
                  William and 
                        
                           
                              James 
                              Cook
                           







            , Manchester warehousemen

, Cheapside


. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to our house for goods, on account of Miss Priestly, of Cambden-town, who dealt with us. On the 15th of March, he brought me an order, which has been mislaid; it purported to come from Miss Priestly to send by the Hampstead coach five pieces of Irish linen, a hundred and eight handkerchiefs, two shawls, and eight tippets; he said he was going by the same coach, and would take them with him - he looked out the handkerchiefs himself; the porter tied the goods up. I did not see him take them away. After he was apprehended, he told me he wrote the letter himself; the invoice of the goods was found upon him - he said he lodged in the room No. 8, Brown Bear, public-house, Bow-street.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PRIESTLY
               



            . The prisoner has been in my service, but was not so on the 15th of March. I gave him no authority to order these goods, nor have I received them.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 18th of March, I was fetched to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , Bow-street, and in the room No. 8, I found these goods with a quantity more claimed by other persons.
(Property produced and sworn to).


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 18th, I apprehended him by Mr. Cook's door - he had a parcel then containing four pieces of Irish. I found 8 l. upon him, and seven different invoices.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
