







101. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DIGNUM
               



            , 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COLLEAPY
               



            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COPE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Philby
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY PHILBY. I am an attorney
. On the 19th of November, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Coventry-street, alone, by Great Windmill-street


, and felt two or three tugs at my pocket - I thought it might happen from the people passing, and when I came to the end of Windmill-street, Whittingham and another person came and asked if I had lost anything - I said, "Yes, my handkerchief;" Whittingham took me down the Hay-market, and pointed out the three prisoners; we followed and took them at the end of the Haymarket, in the act of picking another gentleman's pocket; my handkerchief was found in Dignum's hat; this it it.
Prisoner DIGNUM. Q. Can you swear you did not drop it? A. That I cannot tell.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the three prisoners following Mr. Philby - I followed and saw them several times try his pocket - I had followed them through Leicester-square, and when we got through the alley, I crossed rather to the left; they went to the right, and near the end of Coventry-street, I saw them close on the prosecutor, but could not perceive which of them took any thing; directly afterwards I saw Colleapy and Dignum hold a handkerchief up to the gas-light - I immediately crossed, and asked Mr. Philby if he had lost any thing; he said Yes; we went down the Haymarket, following the prisoners, who were dancing down the street; a gentleman and lady were going down; they went and attempted the gentleman's pocket; I said "This is the time"- I drew my staff; we ran over and took them into a coffee-house. I found Mr. Philby's handkerchief in Dignum's hat.
COLLEAPY's Defence. I was three streets behind the others.
DIGNUM's Defence. If he saw me hold the handkerchief up, why not take me then?
DIGNUM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
COLLEAPY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
COPE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
