






1675. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LILLYWHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September

, 2 rings, value 8s.; 6 tea spoons, value 10s., and 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Burchall
               



            ; and 
               
                  ANN 
                  LILLYWHITE
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same
            .


                  ALICE 
                  BURCHALL
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Burchall, a plasterer
; we were in possession of a house, No. 42, York-terrace



. On the 9th of September the prisoner, William, was working there as a painter

; and on that day I missed this plate, which I had seen safe on the 4th, in a chest in the kitchen; the key was left in it.
Prisoner WILLIAM LILLYWHITE. Q. Was nobody else in the house? A. There were two plumbers, but they were in my presence all the time - I went out for five minutes and left the prisoner there.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRIC
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of September; he denied the charge; Burchall said there had been nobody else in the house, and that when she went out he shut the door and kept her out; I went to No. 13, Crown-street, where he lived, and found his wife, who afterwards produced some duplicates - I asked if she had nothing else - she said No - I saw something in her hand, and found a purse, containing the duplicate of two rings - she said her husband gave them to her.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 7th of September the female prisoner pawned the rings.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM LILLYWHITE's Defence. There were various workmen in the place; one was there an hour and a half; I can prove we have had the rings two years.
WILLIAM LILLYWHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ANN LILLYWHITE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
