





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1640. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GARRAWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 1 gold chain, value 7l.; 1 seal, value 30s.; 1 spoon, value 1s. 6d., and 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Thomas 
                           Hanson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THOMAS HANSON
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live at No. 75, High Holborn


. On the 10th of August, at seven o'clock in the morning, I saw my watch, chain, and seals hanging on a nail by the fire place in the parlour, behind the shop - I missed them and a spoon about eleven o'clock. I do not know the prisoner. The next day the chain and seal were brought to me by Brown, the officer. I found the watch in pawn a few days afterwards. The house is not mine - I only rent part of it, of Mr. Torrington; I have the shop, parlour, and kitchen: he lives in the house himself, on the second floor - he lets out the first floor; I have a seperate entrance: there are two doors - he enters by the private door; there are two shops in front of the house: nobody has access to my part of the house.


                  JOHN 
                  BOARDS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Shoreditch. On the 10th of August, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to pawn this gold seal and chain - she seemed confused, and asked if I could afford to lend 3l. on them - she seemed much confused; I asked what she gave for them - she said nothing; I asked her how she came possessed of them - she said they were her husband's, and they were given to him - that she lived at No. 9, Holywell-lane; I forget what name she gave, though I wrote it down at the time, and sent my shopman there with her; he took her to Worship-street, and returned to me in ten minutes; she had produced a spoon to me. I gave the chain and seal to Brown, the officer. I think I have seen the prisoner before.
Prisoner. Q. I told you the young man who was standing outside gave it me to pawn? A. She said it was her husband's.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Boards' shopman delivered the prisoner to me, between six and seven o'clock in the evening; I went to Boards' house immediately after locking her up, and received a plated table-spoon - and at the office he delivered me the chain and seal. I found a sovereign on the prisoner. I found the watch in pawn at Burgess', Old-street-road - she said she lived in Bear-alley, Fleet-market, which I found correct.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live in the same house with Mr. Hanson. On the 10th of August, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was coming in by the private door, and met the prisoner in the passage - I have nothing to do with Mr. Hanson's door, but he has a door, which comes out of his parlour into our passage. I live in the two back rooms on the second floor. Mr. Hanson has a door leading from the street into his shop, but he has to cross the passage in which I met the prisoner, to get into his parlour; if he went into his parlour without going into the shop, he must go in at the same door as I do. The prisoner was coming along the passage - I said nothing to her.
Prisoner. Q. Was it eleven or twelve o'clock? A. Eleven; she went up to the shop window of Mr. Layton, the miniature painter, and then returned into the passage.


                  CLARA 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hanson. I saw his watch, chain, and seal on the mantel-piece, at half-past ten o'clock, and missed them about eleven. I did not see the prisoner there.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAYTON
               



            . I am a miniature painter, and have the adjoining shop to Mr. Hanson. The prisoner was at our house on the 10th of August, about eleven o'clock - she asked me the price of a child's picture - I am certain she is the woman; she was only there while she was speaking.


                  THOMAS 
                  PETO
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Hoxton. On the 10th of August the prisoner came to our house, and brought a chain and seal, to ask if it was gold - she asked what it was worth, and said her husband was going to buy it; I told her about 5l. - I considered them worth that.


                  JAMES 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Burgess, of Old-street-road I cannot swear to the prisoner, but on the 10th of August a woman pawned a watch, for 1l., in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Morris
               



             - it is worth 30s. I think the prisoner is the person.
MR. HANSON. These are my property - I gave 7l. for the chain, two years ago, and consider it worth that now; there are two shops, Mr. Layton has the other; his door is also used as a private door - it leads to the passage; I have the use of that passage, to get into my parlour.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating she received the sovereign from her father, to purchase some toys, with a view of going into business - that she had gone into a public-house, where two men and a woman had persuaded her to drink - that she came out rather the worse for liquor, and oneof the young men asked but to pawn the chain and seal, and if asked any questions, to say, she had had them some time.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
