





FOURTH DAY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15.
253. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, one goose, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a cheesemonger and poulterer
, and live in Lamb-street, Spitalfields


. On the 23d of December, about nine o'clock at night, four dead geese laid in my window. I was cutting some bacon, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran towards the door, two boys said a boy had stolen a goose from my window, and that he was coming towards the door again. I collared the prisoner, they said that was him. I asked him how he came to take the goose? he said he did not. The patrol came by, and I gave him in charge; he then said he had 3 s. in his pocket, if I would take that and send to his father, he would pay the rest for the goose - I said I would do no such thing. One of his comrades picked the goose up after he threw it down, and ran off with it.


                  JOHN 
                  DILLON
               



            . My master keeps a potatoe-warehouse in Spitalfields. Baxter and I were going up Lamb-street, and saw the prisoner take the goose from the window, and throw it down at the corner of the street; he then turned round, and ran over the way, we followed him. He said,
"What is the matter?" I said,
"You took the goose;" he said it was not him. We collared him, and gave him to the prosecutor. Another boy picked the goose up.


                  MORRIS 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I was with Dillon, and saw the prisoner take the goose off the window, and throw it down at the corner. We collared him - I am sure he is the boy.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
