







332. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRIDGES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, one spoon, value 2 s., and one cream-jug, value 4 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  RAGSHAW
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Johnson
               



            , who lives in York-street, Baker-street, Portman-square


. On the 9th of December, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, I put these things, with the breakfast things, in the housekeeper's room, in front of the house - the area gate was left open. A painter, who works opposite, came down and asked me if I had lost any thing? I then went into the room, and missed the cream jug and spoon. He said the persons went down the mews by the side of the house. I went after them, and found the three prisoners together in the New Road. I said,
"Young men, you are wanted at No. 19, York-street, where you have just come from." They said they did not know where it was. I said I would shew them. Butler instantly ran away - the other two said they would go back with me. They turned down North-place and ran away. I called Stop thief, and pursued - a gentleman came up, and Bailey was taken. I had him brought back to the house; he at first denied it, but afterwards said he had not got the property, but Bridges had it, and that he lived in Gee's-court, Oxford-street - I gave him in charge. I am sure all the three prisoners were together. About half-past six o'clock that evening Marrebow brought the property home to us.


                  JOHN 
                  MARREBOW
               



            . I am eleven years of age. I was going along Oxford-street, Bridges gave me the things and a penny, and told me to take them home to Johnson's house, and say they were the things which were stolen from there that afternoon. I did so, and was detained.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  KIRKMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of December I was sent for, and took Bailey. He took me to a coffee-shop in Gee's-court, where I found Butler. I apprehended Bridges last night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BUTLER'S Defence. I was in York-street; the witness came with the things, and gave them to Bridges.
BAILEY'S Defence. The witness went into the house, and threw the milk in the fire.
BRIDGES' Defence. I was at the prosecutor's in the mews; the others ran away and I ran too. In the afternoon I met Marrebow; he said they were stolen, and I gave them to him to take home.
BUTLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BRIDGES * - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 17.
* Bridges is the same person who was tried before by the name of Hathaway.
(See No. 321.)






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
