








1088. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CATON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     INGLEBY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, one tea-caddy, value 5 s., and one spoon, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robertson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I live in Bowyer's-buildings, Cannon-street-road


, and am a revenue-officer
. On the 23d of July I went to chapel about eleven o'clock in the morning; the caddy and spoon were in the front parlour.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I was left at home, and sat in the kitchen. I heard a noise above, heard the table creak, and the cupboard door open. I went to the bottom of the stairs, saw the shadows of two or three people against the wall, and heard them whispering. I went backwards and called Mr. Harper next door, and he gave the alarm. I saw the prisoners at the watch-house in about half an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARPER
               



            . I heard Robertson say there were thieves up stairs - I ran up, went to the prosecutor's window, and found it open; a woman passed, and informed me that three or four persons had run up James-street, at the end of the buildings. I pursued, and saw the three prisoners running in company with two others. Two or three women endeavoured to stop them; they ran over a rope-ground. Brown threw the caddy away, which I knew to be Robertson's. All three were secured, and I am certain of their persons.


                  EBENEZER 
                  SPENCER
               



            . On the 23d of July, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the three prisoners and two others in company talking together, in Bowyer's-buildings, where I live. They went round the court two or three times, sauntering about, and the third time I heard Brown say,
"We will come at six o'clock, and then they will be out." Caton said,
"No, four o'clock." They stood a few minutes, then Ingleby, Brown, and one of the others went up the court; Caton stood at the corner. In two or three minutes I heard somebody running down the court turned round, and saw all five running into Cannon-street-road. Caton had something in his pocket. I had seen Ingleby before.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 23d of July Ingleby and Brown were given into my charge, and I took Caton.


                  PETER 
                  SCALT
               



            . I live in Christian-street. I heard the alarm, stepped out, and saw the three prisoners running. Ingleby dropped the spoon. I knew them before.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
(See 1017.)
CATON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
INGLEBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Confined Six Months
            , and 




               Whipped
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
