





1266. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     GOODWYN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, one cloak, value 2 s.; one petticoat, value 1 s.; and one gown body, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Airey
                  




               
            .


                  DOROTHY 
                  AIREY
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Airey
               



            , who is a carpenter
. The prisoner was stopping at our house till she could get a situation. A young woman gave me information - I missed these things out of my chest and suspected her. They were at a gentleman's house which I had the care of - the family had given her leave to be there.


                  MARIA 
                  HAMMON
               



            . The prisoner came to tea with me and gave me a white cloak - she said it was one of her little girls. Airey claimed it.


                  MARY 
                  JUDGE
               



            . The prisoner gave me a white gown body, and said it was an old one of her own - I gave it to Airey.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . On the 10th of September, Mrs. Airey gave me information - I went to North-end, Fulham, to Mr. Kent's, where the prisoner was in service - searched her trunks and found a petticoat and part of a gold seal.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the Thursday before the robbery, I was next door and returned about eight o'clock, the street door was open, and I lost some shifts, stockings, and four sovereigns. Another box was robbed of several things, and a counterpane of my master's - they said next day they had lost a purse, containing twenty guineas, and hoped I would keep it secret, or they would be discharged, I agreed. As to the things, I do not know how I became possessed of them, unless they got mixed with mine at the mangle. The prosecutrix was much embittered against me for not conniving at her changing some feathers out of the bed - she said she would be my destruction, unless I gave her a sum of money.


                  DOROTHY 
                  AIREY
               



            . I never had a dispute with her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
