






1244. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 table, value 16s.; 1 bed-cover, value 1s. 6d.; 2 blankets, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 comforter, value 9d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 jacket, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Lewin
               




            .
JOHN LEWIN. I live in Charles-street, Bromley


, and am a chimney-sweeper
. On the 24th of April, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I lost this property, which was safe just before - I had taken Clark to my house the day before, to assist me to move.


                  JAMES 
                  DARBY
               



            . I am a sweep. On the 24th of April I and Fetch were helping to move Lewin's things in a cart - I had sent Clark there the day before; while we were loading, I missed the table.


                  RICHARD 
                  FETCH
               



            . I am a carman. I was moving the goods - Clark was there, and while we were moving the things, the table was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  FORREST
               



            . I live at Bromley. On the 24th of April, I was getting up between eight and nine o'clock, Williams came into my room with a bundle, and asked me to let him leave it, saying that a poor man with ten children had been seized on for rent; he left the bundle, and came up again, and asked me to let him leave this table - I gave him leave - one Kennedy who is now dead, was with him.


                  JANE 
                  FORREST
               



            . On the 25th of April the officers came to my house, and took these things from my son's room, of which I gave them the key.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . On the 24th of April, about eight o'clock in the morning, Lewin and Darby came and gave me information - I went and found Clark in the privy of a house; the door was fastened - I said, "You may as well come out," which he did - I took him to the watch-house - Lewin came and tapped him on the shoulder, andsaid, "My lad, you have got my jacket on" - he said,"You gave me that" - Lewin replied, "We will see about that by and by" - I received information, and found the goods at Forrest's.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I was with Tweedy, and found the property at Forrest's.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK's Defence. I understood Lewin expected to be seized on, and took the things to Forrest's.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIN
               



            . I never gave him the jacket - I said perhaps I might give him one when he had done.
WILLIAMS' Defence. Clark asked me to let him leave the things with me - my room being small I asked Forrest to mind them. CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
