





150. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DORAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 3d of November
, the sum of 12 l. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Hines
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HINES
               



            . I sell tin ware
. About the 3d of November, on Saturday night between eight and nine o'clock, I went to a public-house in Wingfield-street


 with my boy to have some beer; he asked for 2 s. of his wages. I pulled my purse out of my bosom to pay him. I had six sovereigns and six pounds in silver there. While I was at the bar I leant my hand down on my purse; the prisoner came and shoved me from the bar, took up my purse, and run away with it. I called stop thief - nobody would assist me; but the publican said he would get me 9 l. back by Monday; but he put me off till Wednesday, and then told me I should find the prisoner in Long-alley, but I could not. I am sure he is the man.


                  ANN 
                  M'GINNIS
               



            . I was at the Star public-house with Hines; I saw her take the purse from her bosom and give the boy 2 s. then put the purse down - the prisoner pushed her away and ran off with it.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer. I was informed the prisoner was wanted, and on the 22d of November I met him in Wentworth-street, and told him he was wanted, but did not know what for. As we went along, he said he supposed it was for that Star business. I did not know any thing about it myself.


                  HENRY 
                  SERVICE
               



            . I am landlord of the Star, and have kept it six months. The prosecutrix was there with three women and her son. They had two glasses of rum, the prosecutrix said she would pay for it, and gave her son 2 s. He said that was not enough. She turned round to give him some more, and said her purse was gone.
Q. Was the prisoner there? - A. He was an hour before. She said, "Bill, you have my purse." He denied it. She then went into the tap-room and said she was robbed of 40 l. I ran to the office and brought three officers, and she told them so, she then reduced it to 12 l. I saw nobody run out.


                  ELIZA 
                  HINES
               



            . I never said I lost 40 l.
ANN M'GINNIS. I went to the Star next morning. Service gave the prosecutrix 2 l. and promised to make up 9 l. more if she would not go before a magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence. She first told the magistrate she lost 40 l. I was remanded for a week; and she said if I gave her 5 l. she would not prosecute. I refused. She then said 2 l. I refused. She then said I was done.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
