







245. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               




            , and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  LETT
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 looking-glass, value 4l., and 1 oil painting, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        Carlo 
                        Cattaneo
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEALE
               



            . I live in Guildford-place, Bagniggewells


, two doors from Mr. Cattaneo. On the 16th of November, about one o'clock in the day, I saw Thompson and Hawkins at his window, and Lett was trying to open his door - he was against the key-hole. I went home, and in about ten minutes I saw Thompson go by our house, with a looking-glass on his left shoulder; I said to my master's foreman, "That is stolen." I then went, and told Cattaneo, while Davison pursued. I met Hawkins coming out of the door with a painting - I saw him come out of the door; I tried to stop him - he shoved against my breast, and made off - I did not see Lett there.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You did not particularly notice the men at first? A. Yes; I did - I came up to their side - I am quite confident of them; Thompson had carroty hair and a fustian jacket - they were secured at the top of St. Helena-place.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I am a baker. I was at home; Neale came in to give an account of his bread; I was putting it down, and saw Thompson carrying the glass on his left shoulder; Lett went by; Neale asked if he should go and tell the prosecutor; I said, "Do, and I will follow them." I ran out, and before we got to the top of the street, I turned, and saw Hawkins behind, with the painting;Thompson and Lett went into Wilmington-place; we followed them to St. Helena-place; Hawkins went as far as Noble-street, and then set off running. I followed Thompson and Lett - they walked on faster, and I ran a little; Stop thief! was cried; I then came up, and took Thompson with the glass on his shoulder - Lett got away; I waited there a few minutes, when Cattaneo came up, and gave him in charge; Thompson said the lad who was with him gave him 6d. to take the glass.
Cross-examined. Q. Thompson called Stop thief! when Lett ran away? A. I did not hear it; he might.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Margaret-street, a few doors from the prosecutor - I saw Hawkins running down Noble-street, with the painting - I pursued, and took him in the cellar of an unfinished house.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I live in Union-street, with Mr. Crosby. I was serving customers with beer, at the corner of Wilmington-place - Thompson went by with the glass on his shoulder; Hawkins came by soon after, with a picture, and in a moment Cattaneo came round the corner, calling Stop thief! - I pursued up Noble-street, and saw Hawkins throw the painting down - I took it up, gave it to a woman, and still pursued to Amwell-street, where I saw Collins, and took Hawkins in an area; he said, "What do you want with me?" I said, "You have robbed Mr. Cattaneo's shop of some glass;" he said, "No - I have come here for a certain purpose." and while Collins was gone for a constable, Hawkins knocked me down, and kicked me about; my nose has not been right since; he said, "If I had a knife, I would stick it into your bl-dy heart;" some people about said, I was no officer, and had no right to take him - I said I would hold him - one Blatch assisted me in carrying him along; he threatened to stick a knife into Blatch's heart also; his clothes were buttoned up, when I found him in the area.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. Hawkins and Thompson were brought to the office, and a description of Lett was left - I went to Saffron-hill, and took him in about an hour and a half, and he was identified.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOUNT STEPHEN
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. I met Hawkins in custody; he was resisting very much - I took charge of him.
CARLO CATTANEO. I live in Guildford-place, Spafields. I do not know the name of the parish - I keep a looking-glass shop
 - I was up stairs, and my door shut - I went down for some water, and saw the door open - I shut it, and found the lock strained; it would not fasten - I went up, and heard a cry of thieves, came down, ran out, and saw the witness with the glass - I saw Thompson, and collared him, and took him to Hatton-garden.(Property produced and sworn to.)
THOMPSON'S Defence. I have worked for a woman named Harding. On the 6th of November she bought some things at a sale, in Cloak-lane, and on the 7th I went to fetch them; they were not ready - I went back to Union-street, and met a man with a glass; he said, "Take this glass, and carry it, my master will satisfy you;" I called Stop thief! after the man who gave it me.
HAWKINS' Defence. I went down the area for a necessary purpose - I did strike the witnesses, as I was aggravated.
LETT'S Defence. I was taken on Saffron-hill, but was not near the place.
THOMPSON - GUILTY. Aged 19.
HAWKINS - GUILTY. Aged 18.
LETT - GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
