





1169. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, a seal, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fisher
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Frank 
                        Brathwaite
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William 
                        Jones
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .
WILLIAM JONES. I am a jeweller


, and in partnership with John Fisher and Frank Brathwaite. On the 26th of May, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop with another person - the prisoner asked to look at some mourning rings, which I shewed them - both examined, but did not approve of them - they wanted six made for them, and said they would bring a pattern in the afternoon: they went out, returned in a few minutes, and my shopman attended to them as I was engaged with a gentleman - the shopman called me, and charged them with secreting a seal, which they denied; the shopman put his hand on a glove, which lay on the glass case, which the prisoner acknowledged to be his, and the seal was found in it: they both begged pardon, and the prisoner said it was his first offence, and he hoped I would forgive him - both then ran away.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did he not beg pardon for his companion? A. No, for himself: he was stopped and the other got away.


                  JOHN 
                  STURTON
               



            . I am in Mr. Jones's employ. After these young men had looked at some rings they returned, and I attended to them; I shewed them a tray of seals - they looked at a great many, and I missed one from the tray; they were going away in about ten minutes, not approving of any, when I said I suspected they had taken one; the prisoner said he was astonished that I should accuse him, and I had better search him: the other had a glove in his hand, and laid it on the counter - I found the seal in it: the prisoner then said he was very sorry - it was his first offence. I was going round the counter to fasten the door, but both ran away, and when the prisoner was taken, he said he hoped we should not proceed, as we might have children of our own.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he was very sorry for his companion? A. No; he said it was his first offence.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never made any acknowledgment. I had no intention of stealing.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
