





902. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, a watch, value 20 s.; a chain, value 1 s.; two seals, value 15 s.; and a key, value 3 s. 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live at York. On the 11th of May, at eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Gutter-lane


, and saw the prisoner with another person. I endeavoured to pass between him and the wall, but he jostled me against the wall - his companion came behind him, snatched at my chain, and drew my watch from my pocket, saying,
"Young man, I'll ease you of this." He ran down the lane. I pursued, calling out Stop thief! - a person came in contact with me, and we both fell - the prisoner ran by, and joined the other man. I saw the prisoner taken in two or three minutes in St. Martin's le-Grand - he was taken into a shop and immediately gave the watch to Mr. Engelhart, and then told the officer that he might search him. Englehart produced it, and said in his presence that he had put it into his hand - he did not deny it.


                  JOHN 
                  ENGLELHART
               



            . I am a pork-butcher, and live in St. Martin's-le-Grand. I heard an alarm, went to the door, and saw the prisoner in custody. I put out my hands to keep the mob off; he put the watch into my hand, and said,
"Keep it, keep it!" Morgan claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I saw the prisoner put the watch into Engelhart's hand, and told him to take care of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable. Engelhart gave me the watch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
