





391. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, three hams, value 24 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Thorman
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  THORMAN
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in High-street, Whitechapel


. The prisoner is a higler
, and dealt with me. I allowed him to unpack his goods in my shop, and on the morning of the 24th of December, I missed some hams. He came again that evening, between five and six o'clock. I charged him with stealing a cheese which he denied at first. I said nothing about the hams, but gave him in charge, and they were found in his cart.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Did you not put a mark on it after you found it - A. No. I cure some of my hams, and mark them before I send them to be smoked.
COURT. Q. Was his cart at your door when he was given in charge - A. Yes, and a ham was found in it - I never sold it to him.
JAMES PHYBUS. I am servant to the prosecutor. When the prisoner was taken into custody he desired me to take his horse to his stable. I went and looked into his cart, and found a ham, which I knew to be my masters.
Cross-examined. Q. How many shopmen have you - A. Two; I once sold him a knuckle of ham.
RICHARD BUSH SKILLERN. I am an officer. I took the prisoner on a charge of stealing a cheese, nothing was said about the ham. His cart was at the door, and the ham was brought to me by Phybus.


                  GEORGE 
                  FURLONG
               



            . I am an officer. I have two hams which I found in the prisoner's stable, one in the manger and the other behind the door.


                  JAMES 
                  PHYBUS
               



            . I know the stables to be the prisoner's, he took me there to shew them to me. I was with the officer when he found the hams. I found another ham at his lodgings.


                  ROBERT 
                  THORMAN
               



            . The ham found in the cart is mine, and the one found at his lodging, and one of these found in his stable I can swear to, as it has a mark on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you sell him any hams - A. Only one, that was a Yorshire ham tainted.
Prisoner's Defence. It is a malicious thing on the part of the shopmen, who were in the habit of selling me hams, and I suppose they stole them, and so they deny selling them to me. They said if I would give them 1 l. they would make it up.
RICHARD BUSH SKILLERN. It is false, I never offered to let him go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
