






22. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MULLINS
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MORLAND
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Brentnell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
FRANCIS BRENTNELL. I live at Derby, and am clerk to a person there. I was in town, and lodged in Oxford-court, Cannon-street. On the 30th of November, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was going through a court from Cornhill to Lombard-street; I had left home about half an hour - my handkerchief was then safe; I felt nothing, but an officer came and asked if I had missed my handkerchief; I felt, and missed it from my outside coat pocket- I saw it in his possession; I saw him lay hold of the prisoners immediately afterwards - they were in company together; he charged them with taking it; I did not hearwhat they said - they were quite strangers to me; it is a silk handkerchief, and worth 2s.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoners in company together in Cheapside; I watched them, and when they got into Cornhill they went up to Mr. Brentnell - he went through Pope's Head-alley; Mullins was nearest to him, but they were in company; they turned into Pope's Head-alley


, after Mr. Brentnell; the moment they got into the alley I lost sight of them for a minute; when I got into the alley Morland was tucking something into his breast, between his coat and waistcoat - Mullins was still following the prosecutor; I followed, and directly the prosecutor got into Lombard-street Mullins ran back, in the direction he had come, and joined Morland; I went and spoke to the prosecutor, who missed his handkerchief; I went and laid hold of them in Cornhill, about twenty yards from the alley; the prosecutor was close behind me - we watched Mullins, and saw him join Moreland. I then saw Morland take a handkerchief from his breast, and put into his hat; I seized them both, and took the handkerchief from his hat, and Mr. Brentnell claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MULLINs' Defence. I went to work that morning; my sister asked me to go and see another sister, who was lying-in at Whitechapel; I did not know my way, and asked this boy to show me - I lost him, and went back to look after him - he told me the way, and I was going when the officer took me.
MULLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.




               Transported for Seven Years
            , 



               to the Prison Ship
            .
MORLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
