





1281. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RATTAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, two coats, value 30 s.; two pairs of gloves, value 3 s.; a handkerchief, value 3 s., and a cap, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Prideaux 
                        Selby
                     



                  ; and a jacket, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bootheay
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOOTHEAY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Prideaux Selby, who lives at Hackney


. On the 27th of July the articles stated in the indictment were in a harness room, attached to the stable. I went to the stable about half-past five o'clock in the morning, as we had a horse ill, and saw the things safe. I went away for about half an hour, and left the door unlocked - when I came back they were gone.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  READING
               



            . I am a patrol. On the morning of the 27th of July, about six o'clock, I saw the prisoner coining from the back premises, about thirty yards from Mr. Selby's, with a basket, a bundle, and a blue cloth cap in his hand; I asked what he had been doing there: he said he saw the cap over there, and went to pick it up. I said,
"I am afraid you have picked up something else" - he said he had not, and that he came from Clapton: I said,
"What have you got in this basket;" he said,
"What is that to you" - I said,
"I insist upon knowing;" he said,
"Where is your authority, you shall not see without." I put my hand to the bundle, and we had a fall; I let him get up, and we then had another fall; he then 
               drew
             a clasp knife, and said with an oath that he would be my butcher; he ran at me with it, to cut or stab me: I saw a man of the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dore
               



            , and called to him for assistance - the prisoner then ran to a bank: I told Dore to take care of the property. I pursued, and took him in about twenty minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not the prisoner come straight up to you - A. Yes, he was about thirty yards from me; he could see me, and we both walked up to each other; he did not run away: he walked up to me, and we stopped. I had not got my patroles' coat on.


                  JAMES 
                  HANDS
               



            . I was going to my work about six o'clock in the morning of the 27th of July - I saw Reading and the prisoner: I came up to the place, and when he was taken and brought round to the place where Dore was I saw the property - there was not anything said about the property in my presence.


                  JOHN 
                  BOOTHEAY
               



             re-examined. The cap was in the field, near the harness room, but not in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I rose that morning about five o'clock, and have witnesses to prove where I live. (Producing a small pair of weavers' prickers;) this is what I had in my hand.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  READING
               



             re-examined. Q. Was it these prickers that he had in his hand - A. No; it was a clasp knife.



                  JAMES 
                  HANDS
               



             re-examined. Q. When you came to the assistance of Reading did you see a knife in the prisoner's hand - A. Yes, and while we were running I saw him throw it away, into a garden, opposite Hackney-terrace. I am a bricklayers' labourer. He was running before Reading, and Reading said,
"For God's sake mind, he has got a knife. When we secured him he was taken to the watch-house. I am sure it was a knife, and very different from those prickers.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  READING
               



            . I searched the garden for the knife, but could not find it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
