





384. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 82 yards of silk, value 16l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Burton
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Woodrow
                     



                  , the younger
            .
THOMAS WOODROW, JUN. I live with my father, Thomas Woodrow, a shoemaker, of Grub-street. On the 1st of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I was carrying a parcel for Richard Burton, my master, a silk manufacturer
, of No. 110, Wood-street, to Mr. Pratt's, at the corner of Kingsland-road; I think there were eighty-two yards of silk in it - when I got to Tabernacle-walk


, it was snatched from under my arm; I turned round, and saw two men - they ran down a narrow passage; I cannot say whether the prisoner was one - they came behind me; I pursued a little way down the passage, where the prisoner stopped me, and kept pushing me back, with his back, while the other escaped; I cried Stop thief! and Murder! the other got away - the prisoner kept me back for two or three minutes; he then walked down the passage till I got to the end, and I by his side, and there were two men.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How broad is this place? A. It is narrow - two people cannot pass at the entrance of the court, but afterwards I could have passed him, if he had not pushed me back; he walked on when the other had escaped; Windmill-street and Tabernacle-walk both lead into one, and some people call it all Windmill-street.


                  JOHN 
                  HARMAN
               



            . I am a watchman, and work at a cow-yard in Tabernacle-walk. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and Murder! I ran towards the spot, and saw this boy, who had hold of the prisoner's arm; he begged of me to take him, as he had been robbed of his master's property, and he had prevented his going after them. I took him into a public-house, and got an officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he make any resistance? A. Not that I saw; there were one or two people about - I do not think he could have got from the boy; there is room for two people to pass in the passage - it is narrow just at the entrance.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I live in Paradise-street. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and Murder! I ran out, and saw this lad holding the prisoner; he said another man had stolen a roll of silk, and he had prevented his pursuing him - I know the passage - it is narrow at each end, but wider in the middle.


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES COLES
               



            . I live with Mr. Richard Burton. On the 1st of December this lad was sent with eighty-two yards of silk to Mr. Pratt, an undertaker, in Kingsland-road.


                  JOHN 
                  MEACHAM
               



            . I am a silk manufacturer. On Saturday evening, the 1st of December, about half-past six o'clock, I was going home, and saw the prisoner and two other men walking; I followed them three hundred yards at least; when they got near the Tabernacle, they made a sudden start, and almost immediately I heard a cry of Stop thief! and Murder! I crossed over, and went down a passage leading into Windmill-street; at the end I saw this boy holding the prisoner; he said, "For God's sake stop him, for he has robbed me;" and then said, "He stopped me from going after the thief."
Cross-examined. Q. What distance were you from them? A. A very little way.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and went down the passage; the lad caught hold of me, and said I had robbed him; and when the gentleman came up, he said I had stopped him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
