






1669. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             and 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, a counterpane, value 5 s.; a blanket, value 1 s.; two sheets, value 2 s., a bolster, value 1 s., and a pepper-box, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Woodward
                     




                  , in a lodging-room in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDITH 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I am the wife of Alexander Woodward. We live in High-street, Portland-town


. The prisoner and his wife rented a furnished room on our first floor at 4 s. a week, in August. I let these things with it- they were a month with us. In September, I and my husband went into Staffordshire for three weeks, and left Clay, one of our lodgers, to receive the rents. When I returned the property was gone, and Susannah in custody.


                  SARAH 
                  CLAY
               



            . I lodge in this house, and was left to collect the rents; the prisoners paid none; on the 10th of September, I went to the room to ask the female prisoner to nurse my child; I knocked at the door - nobody answered - I opened the door, went in, and found all the clothes gone off the bed, and other things gone: the woman returned in the course of the morning, and said she knew nothing about them, but wished to go to her husband, who, she said, was at a public-house. I wished her to look at the room, and when she got there she said I need not be uneasy - that they wanted money, and they should be replaced in the evening; we could not find the husband - he did not return, but was taken in about three weeks - the property has not been found.


                  REBECCA 
                  KEOGH
               



            . I lodge in the next room. I heard the male prisoner go out at a quarter past five o'clock in the morning - nobody came in afterwards till Clay missed the property.
JOHN PHILLIPS' Defence. We went out to look for work; I got a job at Hendon; I received my wages late at night, and did not like to go home; on Sunday I met a man, who said my wife was in custody. I was employed working at a garden for three weeks, and know nothing of the things.
SUSANNAH PHILLIPS' Defence. The pepper-box is our own. I left every thing safe and the key in the door, as usual, as Clay had the use of part of the things; when I returned I was quite struck at hearing the things were gone.
SARAH CLAY. I missed the things on Saturday; the 10th of September - the man was at the house on Friday.
JOHN PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SUSANNAH PHILLIPS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
