





68. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     KINSEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, one watch, value 4 l.; one seal, value 15 s., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green. On a Tuesday evening, about eleven o'clock, I was at the corner of Osborn-street


, returning home; the prisoner ran after me, and caught hold of my arm, and asked me to go with her, I refused, she walked about one hundred yards with me. I still refused to go; and she all of a sudden ran off into a court, I felt and missed my watch, I called out, "Watchman, I am robbed," I went with him to the watch-house, and stopped there till she was brought in with the watch; the outside case was off, nobody but her could take it; I did not give it to her.


                  JOHN 
                  TATES
               



            . I am a watchman. I went after the prisoner, and found her in a quarter of an hour, at the top of Windfield-street, I took her to the watch-house, and in the way, she was rather obstinate, I laid hold of her left arm, and saw her put her right hand into her breast; as she pulled it out, I heard something fall, and picked up the watch; when I got to the watch-house I found the case was gone; my brother watchman brought it in; the prosecutor was sober; it must have dropped from her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a watchman, I picked up the case in the way the prisoner was taken; I saw the watch fall from her.
(Property produced and sworn to).
The prisoner begged for Mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
