







314. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HEARN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January

, 16 combs, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Danby
               



            , and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  COCHRANE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
HENRY DANBY. I live in Drury-lane



, and am a hairdresser
. On the 3d of January, when I opened my shop, I missed four packages of combs from my window - they were worth about 12s.; a pane of glass was broken, and a piece of glass taken out - I looked out and saw Jones; I ran and caught hold of him, and asked what he had done with the combs - he said he had not taken them, but thatHearn had; I went to his house in Barley-court, where I found one comb, and at Hearn's house I found five more. Hearn said he had sold some at the house of Cochrane, in St. Giles's - I went there and found sixteen, which were all my property - they were worth 5s.; and Cochrane said she had given 8d. for them. I can swear to the paper they were in - they had been in my window the night before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am an officer. I have some combs which I found at Jones's, Hearn's, and Cochrane's, in St. Giles's - I asked Cochrane what she had done with the combs she bought of Hearn; she said they were in a box, which she opened, and I took them out; she said at first that she gave 5d. for them. and then 8d. Jones said he did not take them, but Hearn took them out of the window with a hook stick.
COURT to HENRY DANBY. Q. When did you first see Hearn? A. The day after I missed the combs - I asked what he had done with them, and he said he had sold them to a woman in St. Giles's.
COCHRANE'S Defence. I bought them for 8d., and sold them again - when I heard they were stolen I went and got them back; he told me he had found them, or I would not have bought them.
JONES - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 10.
HEARN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.
Recommended to Mercy. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COCHRANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
