





430. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, forty-five yards of cotton, value 3 l. 8 s., and two yards of baize, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Miles
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Seymour-place. On the 5th of April the prisoner called on me, and asked me to new collar him a coat, which I did. On Thursday morning he called again, and brought a large parcel, and asked if I would purchase it - I said I would not. I did not open it then. He left it behind, and went to see Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdett
               



             chaired, and was to call for his coat. I shut my shop up between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, and went to see the chairing myself. I left the parcel on my shopboard, returned at three o'clock, and found it still there. He came about four o'clock, and as I suspected it had been stolen I told him an officer had been enquiring after him (Ruthven had been), he said,
"For God's sake, has there, I must go." I said you shall not go unless you satisfy me where you got these things. I had opened it in his absence - it contained a piece of cotton; he set off, and ran away. I went after him, overtook him in about a minute, and asked him to satisfy me where he got the property; he said he would go with me to his father, who was in prison for debt, and this was property he had to sell to support him; we went as far as the Yorkshire Stingo, in the New-road, he then said he dare not go to his father, for he had robbed him, and that the property belonged to Mr. Miles, furniture warehouse, No. 33, Oxford-street. I wanted him to go there, he would not, and I took him to my house. He said,
"For God's sake, destroy it, or let me pledge it in your name." I said I should do nothing of the kind. We then set out to go to Mr. Miles; he said Mr. Miles had a man who had robbed him just before, and he had forgiven him, and if I would go to him, he would forgive him also. He was Mr. Miles's servant.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I am a constable. On the 6th of April the prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this parcel; next day I got a search-warrant, went to Mr. Goldsmith's, Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, where he said he had a box, and gave me the key. He said his sister lived there. She shewed me his box, the keyopened it, and I found several pieces of cotton in it, wrapped in a piece of baize, which the prosecutor claimed.


                  ROBERT 
                  MILES
               



            . I keep a furniture warehouse
, in Oxford-street


; the prisoner was my servant
; he left me on the 3d of April, of his own accord. On the 7th I went to the watch-house, and employed Coates to search the prisoner's box, and saw the things found. He might have taken them at different times.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
