






336. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SKORDY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GRADY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Philadelphia 
                        Loughnam
                     




                  , widow
, about five o'clock at night, on the 26th of January
, at St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein eleven napkins, value 20 s.; two sheets, value 10 s.; two table-cloths, value 3 s., and one pillow-case, value 1 s., her property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Philadelphia Loughnam, who lives in Lower Seymour-street, Portman-square


. On the 26th of January, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I went into the house-keeper's room, which is the front of the house - it was quite dark - I found the cupboard door wide open, and two napkins on the ground - the window was also wide open. I missed the napkins, and immediately went to the pawnbrokers to enquire, and there found Wales and Clements, the officers I informed them, they came to the house, and examined the room. The window was shut before, but not fastened.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the pawnbroker's, with Clements, Watts came in, and informed us of the robbery; we went to the house, but found no marks of violence. On returning we called at a pawnbroker's in Duke-street, Manchester-square, and as I came out the prisoners passed me - we followed and stopped them about thirty yards off; Skordy had a bundle at his back - Clements was pursuing Grady - I took him into a shop, and secured the bundle; it contained the things described to us by Watts. About ten o'clock I saw Grady in Calmall-buildings, playing with another boy; I ran and got Clements, we enquired where he lived, describing him as lame, and found him in a back attick in the buildings. I knew him to be the boy. I asked him if he had been out - he said he had not been out of the court. I said he had been further - he denied it. I said he had been in Duke-street - he denied it, but afterwards admitted it, but denied being with Skordy, or any knowledge of him. I am certain we saw him with Skordy - he walked on crutches. Clements not seeing him at first, followed another boy.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Wales at the pawnbroker's, Watts came in, and gave information. As we were coming out of the pawnbroker's, in Duke-street, Wales pointed out the prisoners - we secured Skordy. I went after Grady, and laid hold of another boy, who was near them, but let him go - I did not mistake him for Grady. I afterwards went with Wales to his lodging. I found in the room two tablecloths and a pillow-case, wrapped up, which Watts claimed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SKORDY. I leave myself on your mercy.
GRADY'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
SKORDY - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of Stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRADY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
