





866. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 14 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Calder
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same, only stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CALDER
               



            . I live in Market-street, Oxford-street, and have a house under repair in Marylebone-lane


. I saw the lead-work safe at three o'clock on the afternoon of the robbery, and next morning I found the prisoner in custody with it - he had been discharged from working at the house the day before. I saw it fitted to the building, it matched exactly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I work at the house. I left a little after six o'clock - all was then safe. I returned at half-past nine o'clock, and stopped there an hour, in consequence of suspicion. I heard some person coming down stairs. The prisoner came into the room where I was concealed with a bag on his back. He looked out of window to see if any one was watching him, as the watch-house is opposite, and then turned and walked down stairs. I went to the window, and told the watchman, who was coming by, to stop him - he brought a light, and I unlocked the door. He came in and found the prisoner concealed under a work-bench. The bag was behind the street-door with 60 lbs. of lead in it, which was afterwards fitted to the roof and tallied with it.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  FRAZIER
               



            . I am a watchman. Martin called me. I found the prisoner concealed under the carpenter's bench and the bag in the passage.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and fitted the lead to the roof. He had got the whole gutter away, and found a knife on him which appeared to have ripped it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went after my tools.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
