






1500; 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  DICKINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August

, 9 napkins, value 4s.; 5 towels, value 2s.; 2 jackets, value 6s.; and 4 aprons, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Colley
               



            , and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  COSTELLOW
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving part of the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ANN 
                  COLLEY
               



            . I am the wife of William Colley; and am a laundress. On the 24th of August, I had these articles to wash, and I missed them that day; I had left them safe the night before, when I went to bed, in my wash-house; I fastened the windows and doors; I did not see that any violence had been done; I suppose they got in at the wash-house window, which was wide open; there was a square of glass out.


                  SARAH 
                  LONGLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Longley
               



            , and live in Tothill-street; I deal in old linen articles. On the 24th or 25th of August, Elizabeth Costellow brought some towels, and two coarse aprons, which I bought of her; it is called huckaback; there were two letters on them, but I cannot say what; I sold them again - she came again the same afternoon, and brought the articles which are here; Mr. Pace came on the 30th of August and claimed them.
Prisoner COSTELLOW. Q. Did you not say you bought them of a person called Carrotty? A. That is you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I was on duty in Vauxhall-road, on the 24th of August, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, and I saw Dickinson and another man coming up Belvoir-terrace, towards Pimlico; they made off at the back of Belvoir-terrace, and I saw them turn their heads frequently; I thought there was something wrong, and I made up to them, and overtook them; I asked them what was the matter; they said, Nothing - they had been at the Cobourg, and staid drinking all night; I did not detain them; it was directly opposite Mr. Colley's place that I first saw them.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . From the information I received I suspected Dickinson to be concerned in the robbery, and I went to the back of a house in Duck-lane, Westminster; I found Costellow standing at the door with another woman; I went into the back part of the house, and found Dickinson in bed; I said to him, "What is your name?" he said, "Pace; you know my name very well;" I said,"Get up," which he did, and under the bed I found this chissel, and these three centre-bits in a cupboard by the fire-place; I took him to the office, and took the female the same day, when she came to inquire about him; they had been living together. I sent Mrs. Colley to Mrs. Longley's - before I got there she hung up the jacket; and I went and said, "Who did you buy this of?" she said,"Of a woman, in the family way, named Carrotty Bet - you know her very well."
MRS. COLLEY. I lost some huckaback towels and aprons which were marked.(Property produced and sworn to.)
DICKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
COSTELLOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
