





167. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 1 watch, value 30s., and 2 seals, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Howells
               




            , spinster
.


                  SARAH 
                  HOWELLS
               



            . I am single. I lost my watch and seals on the 25th of October, from where I live, at the Marquis Cornwallis public-house, Marchmont-street, Brunswick-square


; the prisoner was once a fellow-servant
 of mine - I saw the watch and seals in the kitchen-drawer on the Saturday, about a quarter of an hour before it was taken; and saw it again on the Tuesday after; this is it - the seals are not on it now.


                  JAMES 
                  DREW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took this watch from the prisoner on the 27th of October - there was no seal to it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner gave me this seal on the road to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CADDY
               



            . I took the prisoner in Penton-place- she at first denied it, but afterwards confessed it; we should not have found it but for her confession - she told the Magistrate she took it because she did not like to part with her clothes, on account of going to service again.
Prisoner. I have lost the first joint of my finger through a fever.


                  ANN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . She behaved very well before - she had been a fellow-servant of mine, a year and a half before that; she was out of place at this time, and called upon me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
