





701. 
               
                  JORGAN 
                  JORGENSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, one bed, value 40 s.; one bolster, value 5 s.; two blankets, value 4 s. and one quilt, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Stourbridge
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  STOURBRIDGE
               



            . I live in Warren-street, Fitzroy-square


. On the 5th of March, the prisoner took a small room of me furnished, at 7 s. a week. He said he was a gentleman, and would always pay before-hand. He mentioned the names of Lord Castlereagh and other respectable persons. I let him the room - the articles stated in the indictment were let with it. On the 15th of April he came down, I asked him to pay what he owed me, and he said he would leave the house directly. I got a constable and went into his room - he was sitting at the table writing. I told him I was come up to see that all my property was safe. I pulled the press-bedstead down and missed this property. I asked him where they were. He said he did not know, but that they were stolen, and, if I would let the constable go away, he would buy more. The constable took him - this was on Monday night, the blankets were brought home the same evening. I saw the bed next morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not object to Mr. Hunter's coming into my room - A. No; he had a deal of company.
Q. Do you remember my saying,
"If anything was lost I would pay for it" - A. He never said so.
Q. Did I not show you a 50 l. bill - A. He showed me a twopenny-stamp and said it was a 50 l. bill; and said it came in a letter from Lord Castlereagh, and that he had money at Drummonds', the bankers.
HENRY CROCKER. I am an officer. On the 15th of May, the prosecutrix sent for me, and I searched the room. The prisoner was sitting at breakfast and writting a letter when she missed the property. I asked what had become of it - he hesitated, and said he would make it good. I found the bed at Davis's, tied up in the quilt.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Windmill-street. I received the bed, bolster, and quilt from Harrison, the pawnbroker, in Tottenham-court-road. On the 9th of May, I redeemed them.
Q. How came you by the duplicate - A. The prisoner applied to my father. I was present, and heard him say he wished to sell the duplicate, and asked one guinea and a half for it. I said I would take the bed out of pledge, and if it was worth the money, I would give it him, which I did. They were pledged for 2 l. and were scarcely worth that. I told him I would not give more than they were pledged for, but would keep them a week for him, and, in the mean time, they were claimed. He said, if I liked, I might pledge them again.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say the bed was not my own - A. He did not.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner made an exceeding long and unconnected defence, stating that he did not intend to steal the property, and that he told 
               Davis
             the bed was not his. Hecomplained of improper administration of justice in this country.


                  JAMES 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I am a naval-officer in his Majesty's service and lodged with the prosecutrix. I very frequently ate and drank in the prisoner's room. The prosecutrix objected to it. The blankets were pledged in my name, and I redeemed them. I did not pledge them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
