





1223. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, six table cloths, value 20 s., and three towels. value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison
                  



               
            , the elder, and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison
                  



               
            , the younger.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership with my father Thomas; we keep the Tavistock-hotel, Covent-garden





. The prisoner was in our service, as laundryman
 with his wife, and left about six months ago - we missed a large quantity of linen while he was with us; and in consequence of information, went to his lodgings in August; he was not at home, but his name was on the door, and his wife and daughter there - he keeps a chandlers-shop. On the first floor of the house I found six table cloths, and three towels, some marked Tavistock-hotel, at full length, and others with other initials.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you miss them - A. I cannot say, as we missed a quantity at different times.


                  JOHN 
                  PURTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 6th of August, I went to the prisoner's house with a search warrant - I found a towel in the back parlour, a phosphorous box, and a bunch of keys, and the other things on the first floor - there were no lodgers in the house. I waited till he came in, and told him he was suspected of stealing these things; he was much agitated, and wished to put away a pocket book which he had. He afterwards said, he was in great trouble, and sorry for what he had done.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I went with Purton. The prisoner said he was in great distress, and his wife knew nothing about it. I found the duplicate of a table cloth on him.


                  HENRY 
                  IVES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Beecham, pawnbroker, Holborn. On the 29th of June, a table cloth was pawned in the name of Collins. I do not know who by.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
