





500. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD JAMES 
                     BECKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, one ounce and seventeen pennyweights of silver, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Angel
                  




               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANGEL
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Compton-street, Clerkenwell


; the prisoner worked at my house. On the 16th of March, in consequence of information I received from my brother, I determined to watch the prisoner as he went to dinner at one o'clock. When he was going out I stood at the street door; he worked in the back-shop, and had been mounting silver teapots with silver wire. I called him into the counting-house, accused him of losing his time a great deal, and said I thought he could not live honestly - he asked me if I thought he had robbed me? I said I suspected he was either robbing me or somebody else, and was determined to search him. He opened his coat and waistcoat, and said you may search me - I said I suspected he had some of my property about him. He then opened his coat and waistcoat again, and said,
"Do you suppose I am robbing you?" I sent for an officer. Before the officer came he said he had got a few bits of bead wire about him, but what of that? He produced the wire from his breeches-pocket. Limbrick came, and I gave him in charge. We asked him if he had any at home - he said there were two little pieces at home, and a number of pawnbrokers' tickets, but he could account for them, for he bought them of Prickett. We went to his lodgings, and found a small melting pot, which appeared to contain about twenty-four or twenty-five ounces of silver, very recently melted; the silver was not in it - the crucible had been broken, to get the metal out. On searching up stairs I found fuel in a grate, which appeared to have a hole in it, that had recently contained the crucible - there was the shape of it in the coals. There was also a pair of common tongs, and a poker, all over smoke, as if they had been just used.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you - A. Ten years; he came tome as an apprentice. I had a good opinion of him before this.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
