






671. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SADLER
               




             and 
               
                  MARIA 
                  GANNON
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Graham
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  ESSEX BRISTOW
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. John Graham, a linen-draper
, who lives in Holborn


. On the 15th of March, about four o'clock, the two prisoners came to the shop - there were a great many other persons there - we attended to the prisoners in about five minutes; they asked for some half-mourning prints - I think Sadler asked for them - they bought three yards at 1 s. 2 d. I saw Sadler shuffling something under her, and Gannon put herself in front of her, as much as she could; they paid for what they bought, and left the shop - they had not been there altogether about ten minutes - when they were gone I missed a piece of cotton print off the counter - I had been shewing it to them - I told Scruton - he followed and brought them back with the print; I was then at the end of the shop, and did not hear any thing said.
Prisoner GANNON. Q. Did I stand before the other prisoner in the shop? A. Yes, you certainly did.


                  JOHN 
                  SCRUTON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. J. Graham. In consequence of what Bristow said I went after the prisoners, and overtook them in Hand-court; I asked them to give me the article they had stolen from the shop - Gannon said
"For God's sake, if you have got any thing give it to him;" I said
"Give it me, and you may go about your business." Sadler then took the print from under her clothes - Gannon fought to get away, and Sadler did get away - I pursued and took her again, and then came back and took Gannon.
Prisoner GANNON. He took the things from Sadler, and then he knocked her down three times. Witness - upon my oath I did not - Gannon attempted to fight - a gentlemancame up, and said he would give me assistance to take them - Sadler did fall down.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WORMARK
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I saw the prisoners standing at Mr. Graham's door, and went in and took them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SADLER'S Defence. I met Gannon in Holborn, and she said she was going to get some mourning - I said I would go with her - I did take the print, but she knew nothing of it. I did it through distress.
GANNON'S Defence. I was sent by my mother to buy some print.
SADLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GANNON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
