







1664. 
               
                  MATHEW 
                  NORMAN
               




            , 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  OLIVER
               




             and 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  BRYAN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing on the 24th of August
, 1 wrapper, value 6d., and 2 table-cloths, value 16s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Connor
                     



                  , from the person of Eleanor, his wife
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  CONNOR
               



            . I am the wife of John Connor. On the 24th of August, at night, I was in Buckridge-street


, and had two table-cloths in a wrapper; they were snatched from me - I thought the boys who did it were taller than the prisoners - I have bad eyes - I think the person who snatched them threw them down a cellar - I think there was a man, who received them - I believe they ran away, but I did not see them.
Q. Did you see them thrown down the cellar? A. I think they were, but it was very dark - the persons got away - I have not found the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I heard of the prosecutrix being robbed - and on the 25th of the watchman brought Bryan to me, with the prosecutrix - she said in his presence, "This is one of the boys who robbed me last night of the tablecloths" - I said, "Are you sure of that?" - she said, Yes, and she knew the others, and mentioned their names - I then asked, if he was the boy who took it out of her hand - she said, "No, but he ran away with it." - I did not lock him up, but sent her to get the others; and in the morning, from information Bryan gave me, I went and took Norman and Oliver out of bed - Bryan was with me, and said, in their presence, "It was Norman took the bundle from Mrs. Connor, and threw it down the tinker's cellar" - Oliver and Norman said Bryan took it - Connor said, in their presence, that they were the boys who took it, and they did not deny it, but said the tinker had the property; I did not see the prosecutrix on the night of the robbery - her husband told me, the boys' parents had been and made it up.


                  CATHERINE 
                  McGRATH
               



            . This business was settled in my apartment, and the prosecutrix promised not to come here. I know the prisoners and their parents.
The prisoners put in a joint written Defence, stating, that the prosecutrix had offered Norman 1s. to lay the charge upon the other prisoners, since which she had been paid for the property by their friends.
NORMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.
OLIVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
BRYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
