







229. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LE COUNT
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WARREN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 10 yards of woollen cloth, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Harris
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER RIDGWAY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. James Harris, a linen-draper
, of Fore-street. On the evening of the 19th of November, an opposite neighbour sent a young man to say there were three suspicious characters about our door - I took my hat and went to the opposite side of the way, and saw the three prisoners all go to the shop - they each of them took hold of a piece of woollen cloth and moved it - they then stood about three quarters of an hour, watching the movements of the persons in the shop; I then saw Warren go in, and take hold of the cloth; I ran over, and he dropped it close to the door; I seized him and Le Count, and took them into the shop; the officer brought in the other; when Warren took the cloth the other two were at the window, and holding up their fingers, as signals.


                  JAMES 
                  VINT
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the three prisoners at the shop; I went down Moor-lane, and watched them; I saw them at the window, and they went several times to the door, and went away and whispered, and then they went to the door again; I then saw Ridgway run over; there were some persons going by at the time, and I did not see the cloth taken, but I saw Owen running, and I took him - I had watched them for about ten minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I was watching the prisoners for about half an hour - I saw one and another go to the door, but there were people passing, and I did not see the cloth moved.
LE COUNT's Defence. I was waiting for my father.
OWEN's Defence. I was looking in at the window, and then walked away.
WARREN's Defence. I was looking into the shop, and this gentleman came and struck me, and threw me into the shop.
Owen and Warren received good characters.
LECOUNT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
OWEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
WARREN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Three Months
            .
