





449. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, five silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Crawshaw
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  CRAWSHAW
               



            . I live in Ratcliff-highway


. On Thursday, the 23d of March, about seven o'clock, I lost five or six handkerchiefs out of the window; they were separate - I had seen them in the window in the course of the afternoon.
Q. Did you see the prisoner near your window in the afternoon - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I live with my mother, at No. 67, Old Gravel-lane; she is a straw-bonnet maker.
Q. Was you near Mr. Crawshaw's that evening - A. Yes; I was playing with my hoop, and saw the prisoner near Mr. Crawshaw's, cutting the window, he took out some handkerchiefs - there was a taller boy with him; they then ran across the street together. I went in, and told Mr. Crawshaw of it; when I got out of the shop they were out of sight.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. I saw him next day up a court; the patrol was with me, and I pointed him out - I knew him before he did it; there was a gas-light. I said that he was the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. The account Patrick gave was the same as he has now given.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the charge against me. I was out with muscles, by which I get my living; I was standing up a court, a gentleman and a little boy came up and took charge of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
