





1383. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     STEWARD
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, a silk dress, value 2 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rees
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  REES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Rees
               



            , of Poppins-court, Fleet-street


 - I am a dress-maker. On the 22d of October, 1822, the prisoner came to me to make some mourning for Lady Erskine's twelve servants, and said her ladyship lived at No. 20, Jermyn-street. I had a silk dress in a drawer, with some muslin - my servant was in the room. The prisoner was about two hours there, and wished for paper to write a letter to Mr. Hart, linen-draper, Holborn, for me to get the materials for the mourning; she said the linen-draper was waiting with the things, but was obliged to return, as the footman who had been sent could not find me. I sent my servant to buy paper for her to write the order, and while she was gone, she asked me if that was a servant, I said Yes - she desired I would ask her to step out, as she did not wish to be in the company of servants, and when she brought the paper, I sent her away. She wished for something to eat, and I went out to get her something - I was absent about five minutes, leaving her alone in the room - she staid an hour after that. I had put this dress in the drawer just before she came in. She asked me to lend her a shawl, to go home in, and 3 s. to pay a coach, which I did, and directly I let her out, she went off hastily, without wishing me good night, which excited my suspicions. I immediately looked into the drawer, and missed these things - they are worth 2 l. 15 s. I shewed Mr. Hart the letter next morning - he declined supplying the goods. I did not go to Lady Erskine - she said Mr. Cheesborough, of Racquet-court, recommended her to me. I enquired of him, and found it was false. I saw her again on the 12th of September, and can swear to her positively.


                  RICHARD 
                  REES
               



            . I saw the person who gave this order to my wife, and am certain it was the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOOLE
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge on the 12th of September.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
