






1027. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TUBBS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Stocks
                        




                     
                  , on the 30th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 20 s., and one chain, value 2 s., his property
            .
HENRY STOCKS. I am a millwright
, and live in Fuller-street, Bethnal-green. On the 29th of July, at half-past twelve o'clock in the morning, I was going home, perfectly sober, and as I passed Brick-lane


 seven young men stood at the corner together. It was a fine night. Just as I passed them, two came from them, one laid hold of me by the arm. I asked what he wanted and went on. Then another came and took hold of my arm. I asked what he wanted, he gave no answer. Three others came up, and said if they could not have me they would have my wife. Three took her away, and four surrounded me, and my pocket was picked of four 1 l. notes; but whether any of them were the prisoners, I cannot say. I laid hold of the man, and called out Watch! took my notes from him, and ran across to the watchman, and said,
"Why did not you come to my assistance." He took my arm, and as I was crossing the road with two watchmen, Smith came up, put his hand round me, and took my watch from my fob; he was one of those I saw at the corner. I caught hold of him, and the watchman took it out of his hand. I did not see Tubbs at that time. I think he was not one of the party.
LEWIS MYERSON. I am a watchman. I was on duty on the spot. Stocks came over to me, and I went with him. I and another watchman laid hold of his arm. Smith came up, laid hold of Stock, put his arms round him, and saidto me,
"You shall not take him the watch-house." (I was going to take him home). I saw him pull the watch out, and endeavour to hand it to a companion behind him; there were seven in the gang. Wood said,
"There goes the watch," but I had seen it myself. I secured Smith, and took it from his hand, with great difficulty we got him to the watch-house, several attempted to rescue him. I am almost positive Tubbs was active in endeavouring to rescue him. He was apprehended afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a watchman, and was with Stocks, conveying him home, as had characters were about. Smith rushed up, and pulled his watch out. Myerson secured him, four or five more came up, and insisted on our letting him go. I will not swear Tubbs was one. Stocks was perfectly sober.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH'S Defence. The prosecutor was in liquor, and pulled the watch out himself.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of stealing from the person only. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
TUBBS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
