





253. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARGRAVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, three yards of kerseymere, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Brudenel 
                     Wetherill
                  




               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SWIFT
               



            . I used to go on an evening to Mr. Wetherill's house, in Providence-row, to keep the prisoner company; and on the evening of the 1st of December, he asked me to pawn a piece of black kerseymere, which was at his master's, where we were. He told me his master allowed him to pledge these things when he wanted money. I was to ask 11 s. for it; I went to Mr. Attenborough, Sun-street; the prisoner stopped outside the shop - the pawnbroker offered me 8 s. I brought it outside, and told the prisoner; he told me to pledge it for 10 s. I went in again; they sent me to fetch him in. I told him that Attenborough wanted to speak to him, and took him in. He asked him a few questions - the prisoner said it was his cloth, and he bought it at a pawnbroker's. He ran out - and I was detained.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRUDENEL WETHERILL
               



            . I am a merchant, and live in Providence-row. The prisoner has been nearly three years in my employ. I never gave him leave to sell or pawn cloth. The keyseymere is mine; it is two yards and a half, cut off a whole piece.
Prisoner. Q. You have authorized me to take things to pawn - A. Never.


                  RICHARD 
                  ATTERBOROUGH
               



            . On the 1st of December, Swift came to pawn the kerseymere; I offered him 8 s. - he went out to know if he might take it. I told him to bring the owner in, and he brought in the prisoner, who said it was his, and he lived in Providence-row, with Mr. Wetherill, and that the property was his own - that he bought it of a pawnbroker. He ran out. I detained Swift.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor has authorized me to pawn things before - my fellow prisoner has been sent to pawn his gold watch. My master went to Brighton for three months, and left me without money. I took the cloth to pay the porter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
