






695. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SCOTT
               




             and 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  PEARCE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 15 oak staves, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Biggs
               




            .
RICHARD BRIGGS. I am a cooper
, and live in Pennyfields. On the 18th of March I had some staves at Limehouse-hole, which came to my house in carts; I heard some had been stolen and counted them over, when I missed eighteen out of nine thousand; I have seen them since - I believe these are mine - they were exactly of this appearance.
Prisoner PEARCE. Q. Did you not hire me to get them out? A. Never.
Prisoner PEARCE. You did, and they were taken away in carts, and when they were nearly all carted you sent a truck with your two sons to get them, and I helped to push it. Witness. I never employed him in my life; I saw him dancing on a board, and then I saw him pushing the truck - I should have given him something, but I had no change about me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Hill, of Limehouse-hole. I saw a barge laden with staves on the 18th of March; they were landed close by our counting-house, and I saw the two prisoners assisting to unload them; I saw Pearce assist to put them into the cart, and in the course of the day I saw him take some and hide them behind a chain cable; I then saw Scott take a long stave and lay it on the ground, and stretch himself upon it; he had before that taken some and laid them behind an enginepipe; I afterwards heard them talking about the division of the staves - one said "You shall not have ten and me eight;" Pearce said "I stole them," and the other said "I watched, and I have as much right to them;" there was then about one truck load to go away, and Mr. Biggs' two little boys were there; the prisoners used to sendthem away while they took them; I saw Scott take nine staves which I stopped him with; I then saw Pearce go down to the river at low water, and get up some long and short staves from the mud.
Prisoner PEARCE. Q. Why did you not report to the owner when you saw me take them? A. I did not know but that he was employed by Mr. Briggs, and I knew they would come back to take them from the place, where they had hidden them.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES JONES
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have brought the property.
PEARCE's Defence. It is false - I never took any.
SCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
