






Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
1114. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  LOCK
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  KING alias 
LOCK





            , were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bunney
                     




                  , in the night of the 29th of May
, and stealing 1 pair of boots, value 1l.; 2 coats, value 1l.; 2lbs. weight of tobacco, value 5s.; 3lbs. weight of silk, value 2l.; 1 brush, value 6d.; 1 pepper-box, value 6d.; 1 bottle, value 2d.; 1 wooden till, value 6d.; 1 pair of breeches, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; 1 basket, value 3d.; 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 100 penny pieces
            , his property.
THOMAS BUNNEY. I keep the Fountain public-house, Virginia-row, Bethnal-green




. On the 29th of May, about half-past eleven o'clock, I fastened my house up; I went to bed about one; I got up about five o'clock in the morning - it was light then. I found two bottles taken out of a rack; the bar cupboard was open; I missed a basket of penny pieces and halfpence; I went into the kitchen, and there was some blood on the clothes basket, and a knife laying by it; a candle was burning on a chair - the bottom bolt was forced right off the kitchen shutter, and two screws out of the center bolt - three of the kitchen drawers were open, and every thing turned about. - My boy picked the till up in the back premises, with the keys of the till and the gate of the skittle-ground in it. I missed the property stated in the indictment - it was all safe at twelve o'clock.



                  MARTHA 
                  HINES
               



            . I am the wife of James Hines. I had left a pair of shoes at Bunney's house on Sunday; he is my father - they were in a corner adjoining the bar - I missed them on the 30th; I found them in pawn. I lost a gown, which has not been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Price, a pawnbroker. I have a pair of shoes, pawned on the 30th of May, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, by the prisoner King, I believe, but am not certain.


                  MARY 
                  HOLLEY
               



            . The prisoner King lodged with me; Lock lived with her as her husband, from the 19th of May till the time of the robbery.


                  JAMES 
                  OVERINGTON
               



            . On the morning of the 30th of May, at five o'clock, I picked up a crow-bar close to Bunney's premises.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of May I went with Armstrong to Mrs. Holley's house, in Rose-lane, Spitalfields, and found the prisoners in bed in the front attic; they got up - Armstrong asked Lock if all the things in that room belonged to him; he said Yes, and on searching I found two aprons, a clothes brush, a pepper-box, a salt-cellar, about 1lb. of tobacco, several duplicates, one for the shoes, thirty-six penny pieces, forty-seven halfpence, seven farthings, four shillings, nine sixpences, and a half-crown; Bunney gave me a crow-bar, which I compared with the shutters, but it being round I cannot be certain whether it has been used there.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I went with Attfield, and found the property. I took one apron off the woman at the office.


                  MARY 
                  BUNNEY
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I went to bed at one o'clock - every place was fastened. I missed a variety of property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
KING'S Defence. I bought the things of a man in Petticoat-lane; I have had that salt-cellar three months.
LOCK - GUILTY. Aged 24.
KING - GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
