






NEW COURT.
(4th DAY.)
London Cases, Second Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
121. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MOSS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, a waistcoat, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Essen
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  COX
               



            . I am shopman to Robert Essen, a pawnbroker
, who lives in Aldersgate-street


. On the 24th of November, about twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner Moss, near the shop door for about ten minutes. I saw no other person with him then, but in two or three minutes I saw the other prisoner - they went away several times and came back. Moss stood by the window - Reynolds took a waistcoat, which hung on a line near the door, and gave it to Moss - I ran out and secured Moss. I pointed out Reynolds to some other persons, who took him. I hear that he bears a very good character.

J. W M. HARRISON
            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoners and waistcoat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
REYNOLD'S Defence. I work for 
               Mr. Lee
            , Falcon-square. When I got to the warehouse door that morning, there was a gentleman there, and I had to wait. I went to the end of the street, and saw two or three persons looking at this window. I returned to the warehouse door, but found it still fast - I then went back, and saw the other prisonernear the door, and Cox running after him. I was taken.
WM. REYNOLDS - 


               GUILTY. Aged 25. Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Confined Two Months
            .
J. MOSS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
