





197. 
               
                  
                     WILSON 
                     BRAGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 4th of December
, one pelisse, value 12 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Beckwith
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BATTEY
               



            . I am a watch spring maker, and live at Beckwiths. On the 4th of December, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I was returning home and saw the prisoner go up the steps, open the door softly, looking to see that nobody was in the shop, he went to the glass case and took a pelisse. I stopped the prisoner at the door, with it on his arm. When I first saw him coming out, I said,
"How do you do, Mr. Beckwith?" thinking it might be him. He said,
"How do you do Sir?" he then went towards the parlour, Mrs. Beckwith came from the parlour, he asked if Mr. Beckwith was at home - she said
"No I do not expect him till nine o'clock," and asked his business - after some hesitation he said he had a few things to sell. I secured him and said, he had taken a pelisse out of the glass case, he said he had knocked with his foot, and whistled three times, which is false.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner say he was sent to buy a pelisse - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I was fetched and received the prisoner in charge - he said he belonged to a great many charities, and if the pelisse had not fitted he should have brought it back.


                  EDWARD 
                  BECKWITH
               



            . The pelisse is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was sent to buy one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
