





2030. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, 4 shirts, value 20s.; 9 cravats, value 9s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 towels, value 1s., and 1 night-cap, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Ford
               




            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am a laundress. On the 22d of October I packed up the articles, stated in the indictment, in a basket - they belong to Matthew Ford - I delivered them to Whitmore to take to Mr. Ford - the prisoner is a stranger.


                  JUDITH 
                  WHITMORE
               



            . I received this basket of clothes, and delivered it to Whitfield, Mr. Ford's housekeeper, at his house in Lincoln's-Inn-fields.


                  ANN 
                  WHITFIELD
               



            . I am housekeeper to Mr. Ford. - Whitmore delivered me this basket of linen - I put it into the bed-room, on the second floor, and missed it next morning (Sunday) when I got up - the prisoner is a a stranger, and had no business in the house - the street-door was double-locked.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday morning I saw the prisoner carrying a bundle in Lincoln's-Inn-fields; I asked what she was doing - she said she brought it from the mangle - I detained her - I think she was intoxicated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge with the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were given to me in the street by rather a genteel man - I was not quite sober - he asked me to hold it.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
