






832. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, three hundred sheets of paper, value 21 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Byrom 
                     Whittaker
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William Budd 
                     Whittaker
                  



               
            , to whom the said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jones
               



             was servant
.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I received directions to watch the prosecutors' premises in Ave Maria-lane, and on Saturday evening, the 1st of May, about nine o'clock, I and Hesketh went, and about a quarter past nine I saw Jones come out of the private door with a bag, and take it under an archway to Roberts, and in a moment I saw Roberts with it on his back; we followed him to Whitecross-street, Cripplegate, to Mr. Lloyd's - he threw it down in the shop. I ran in, and said,
"Where did you get this bag?" he said
"
               
                  Richard 
                  Jones
               



             gave it to me." I took him to the Compter - then went and took Jones. I brought the parcel away - it was claimed by the prosecutors' servant.
ROBERT HESKETH. I am an officer. On the 1st of May I was with Forrester, and saw Roberts loitering about - he went under the archway in Stationers'-court. I saw Jones bring him a bag, deliver it to him, and wish him good night; we followed him to Lloyd's with it, and took him. I have the paper.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HOWE
               



            . I know Jones - he was porter to Messrs. 
               
                  George 
                  Byrom Whittaker
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Budd Whittaker
               



            ; he lived there four or five years as a regular servant - I am in their employ. We had such paper as this on the premises; it is worth about 1 l. Jones had no orders to send it out.
JURY. Q. Are not the warehouseman allowed that waste paper as perquisites - A. No; most of it is new; the servants are allowed no paper as perquisites. Jones should use this for packing up.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBERTS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
