





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
809. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Houlding
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 21st of February
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one 10l. Bank note, his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOULDING
               



            . I am a coachsmith
, and live at No. 33, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. On Saturday night, the 21st of February, I received a 10l. note from Mr. Wilson, who I had sold some goods to; I did not observe the date or number - I had it in my right-hand pocket, and was returning home, down Holborn; the prisoner accosted me at the bottom of Holborn, and asked me if I would give her something to drink; I told her No, I was going home, and had got no money for drink; she pressed me much - I said I had no money; she said if I would take a glass, she would pay for it; we went into a wine-vaults at the bottom of Holborn; I think it was the first house in Fleet-market - we had a quartern of rum between the two; I drank one glass, and she the other; she paid for that - I did not like the rum, and chose to have a glass of warm wine; she had another - I put my hand into my right-hand breeches pocket, took out the 10l. note, and put it into my left-hand pocket; I returned my hand to my pocket again, and took out 6d. and 2 1/2d., which was all I had - I paid for the wine, and went away; I went out; she followed me - I took the nearest road home, which was through a place leading to Saffron-hill; and when I got to the bottom of Saffron-hill. just through the passage, she said she lived there, and asked me to go in with her, and took me by the arm - I went in, and stopped about two or three minutes; I never sat down; I came away, and walked up the middle of Saffron-hill with my hands in my pockets, as I am accustomed, as they feel chilled, being used to work with warm iron: I turned down Peter-street


, and as I was in the act of pulling my hands out to turn aside for a necessary purpose, I stopped with my face to the wall; I did not know any body was near me; as I pulled my hand out of my pocket, the prisoner thrust her hand into my left-hand pocket, and took the note out by force - I heard it rustle as it came out; I laid hold of her left hand with my left hand, and caught hold of her right hand with my right hand, and held her fast; I called Fuller, the watchman, who came - I told him she had robbed me of a 10l. note, which she had taken out of my left-hand pocket, and had got it in her left hand; I gave her left hand into his hand, and he took the note out of it; we took her to the watch-house - the note was left there; this is the note(looking at it); I know it by this tear, which was on it when I received it.


                  JOHN 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the prosecutor call Watch! I went up to him, and found him holding the prisoner's hands - I forced open her left hand, and took this note from it; I took her to the watch-house, and delivered the note to Isaacs.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - Fuller delivered the note into my hands, all crumpled up - I have had it ever since, it is a 10l. Bank note.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I paid the prosecutor a 10l. note on this Saturday night, at the Crown public-house, Thorney-street, Bloomsbury; I heard of the robbery on the Monday morning - I do not know the number of the note, or know it by any mark.
Prisoner's Defence. - I met this man in Fleet-market - we both went into a gin-shop; he took me to a house - we sat in the room about five minutes, when I asked for my compliment; he said he had no change - but if I trusted to his generosity he would pay me; I would not trust him - he said he did not wish to change the note there; I was going out - he called me back, and gave the note into my hand - and as I came out, he told me to lay hold of his hand; I walked to Saffron-hill with him; I asked him to go into three or four houses to change the note, he would not - but asked me for the note - I would not give it to him, till he paid me 5s. which he had agreed to; I said, wherever he went I would go, and give the note to the people to change; he up with his fist and knocked me down; I fell - then got up; he caught hold of my hand to get the note out of it - I would not let it go - but when the watchman came I gave it up to him.


                  JOHN 
                  FULLER
               



            . She did not give me the note - I forced it out of her hand.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOULDING
               



            . I never delivered the note to her- all she has said is false - I never had connexion with her.




               GUILTY (of stealing from the person only.)
             Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
