





225. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, 4 drinking glasses, value 4s.
            , the goods 
               
                  Henry 
                  Jacobs
               




            .
HENRY JACOBS. I am a dealer in glass
, and live in Mansel-street, Goodman's-fields


; - I had employed the prisoner for a few days, and paid him 10s.; and on the 20th of November he came and asked if I had any thing for him to do - I said No; he then asked me to give him a few glasses to take out as a pattern, as he thought he could sell some. A gentleman came in, whom I went into the parlour with. I came out, and the prisoner asked the price of the glasses, and I told him; and as he was going out, the gentleman said he had robbed me - I called him back - he hesitated about returning - but I collared him - he then opened his coat and took out seven tumblers and a wine-glass, and in his breeches pocket were two wine-glasses, which I missed out of a locker; - he begged for mercy, and said it was his first offence.


                  JOHN 
                  BASNETT
               



            . I am a glass-cutter. I saw the prisoner in Jacobs' shop, wiping some glasses - I saw him walk from place to place, and saw him take six tumblers(three in a nest stuck together with hay) from a locker near the floor - Jacobs was then in the parlour; he came into the shop in five minutes, and the prisoner asked the price of some other glasses which he had picked out - Jacobs went into the parlour again, and the prisoner walked to the back of the counter, and fetched a goblet - Jacobs saw him, and asked what he did there; he said he was looking out another goblet, and asked the price of some on the counter - he then asked the weight of two, which was told him; he said he could not believe it, and went and weighed them; at this time I saw him take something out of a nest, and put into his pocket - he walked up, weighed the tumbler, and said it was very good - he took a wine-glass, and put it into his pocket; I heard it knock against the others in his pocket - Jacobs returned into the shop; the prisoner had two weights in his hand; he put them down, and packed up some ale-glasses and goblets which he had looked out on the counter - he was going out, and I said he had something in his pocket; Jacobs called him back and said, "Let me look at those things you have got;" he said, "What things? I have none but what you know of;" Jacobs then said to me, "What was it my son spoke about?" I said, "A gross of wines" - the prisoner had then got into the shop - Jacobs seized him, and found this glass on him; he begged him, for Heaven's sake, to let him go; when the officer came, Jacobs loosened his hold, and he ran out into the Tenter-ground - I pursued, and saw him taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I had bought some glasses at a sale - I went and looked out the pattern glasses: I have the same coat on, and there is no pocket in it; he sent me into the warehouse himself.
HENRY JACOBS. I do not know that he was in the warehouse - the glasses were in the shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
