





555. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  WEBB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 2 guns, value 3l. 15s., and two cases, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Parkes
               




            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PARKES
               



            . I am a 
               broker
            , and live at Turnham-green


; on the 19th of January, about one o'clock, these guns, in cases, were on a table outside my door - mine is an open shop: I saw the prisoner and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Jones
               



             (who has been tried in the other Court) come by my premises; I was out in the street, and went in, not suspecting them, but, in ten minutes, the guns were gone. I found them, in about an hour, at the Hand and Flower-public-house, which is about two miles and a half nearer London than my house.
Cross-examined by Mr. A. PHILLIPS. Q. The guns were outside the door? A. Yes; it is a very public throughfare.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live at Turnham-green, two doors from Parkes; I saw his guns safe about eleven o'clock in the morning, and about one, as I was returning from Hammersmith, I met the prisoner and Jones, each carrying a gun in a case - I heard of Parkes' loss in about ten minutes, and went after them a little way, but did not find them.
Cross-examined. Q. How did you know they were the same guns? A. I have often seen them laying there, and I had taken them for my brother to look at, a few days before; Webb was looking at the stock of the gun. One case was a particularly old one, and made of cloth.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIPPER
               



            . I am watchman at the Duke of Devonshire's premises; I met the prisoner on Hummersmith-terrace, about half-past one, with both these guns; they were in cases - Webb was with him; I then went to the Feathers public-house, at Chiswick, and met Parkes inquiring about his guns; I then went in pursuit, and saw the prisoner running across Arlington New-road; he was alone then: I followed, and took him in the new buildings, at the bottom of Notting-hill, concealed in the kitchen of a shell of a house; I said, "You are the young man I want, you have stolen some guns from Turnham-green;" he said he would come back quietly with me, but when we got out of the building, he ran about one hundred yards - I secured him; he had not got the guns then - Parkes had got Jones in custody, with them, at the Hand and Flower I am certain the prisoner is the man I met walking with them.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they in cases? A. Yes; I took particular notice of the cases, and knew them again to be the same.


                  JAMES 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I live at Chiswick, and saw the prisoner at the water-side there; Jones, who has been tried, had the two guns in his possession; the prisoner had a drab box-coat over his shoulder: Parkes came by in ten minutes, and made inquiry; we went in pursuit, and found Webb down in the shell of a house - I found the guns at the Hand and Flower, still in the cases.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            . I keep the Hand and Flower; the guns were found in my house; Jones escaped out the back way: I went into the tap-room and found the two guns; I delivered them to Parkes when he returned with the prisoner in custody.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . Q. I believe these guns to be the same - I know the cases.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. No; I looked him earnestly in the face, thinking Parkes had sold him the guns.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am pot-boy at the Hand and Flower public-house. Webb came in there with a great coat on his arm, and called for a pot of beer, and when I took it to him, Jones sat at the same table, with the guns by his side - when they went away, the great coat and guns were left behind - I went out with some beer, and when I returned, the prisoners were gone; the great coat and guns were in the bar; Mistress gave them to Parkes.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIE
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoners in the cage; this prisoner escaped in Baldwin's Gardens, and was re-taken last night.

Prisoner's Defence. I met Jones; he asked me to carry a gun for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
