





1720. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BOTTOMY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 till, value 1s.; 1 shilling, 12 sixpences, and the sum of 6s. 31/2d. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ayres
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  AYRES
               



            . I keep a baker's shop
 in Goldsmith's-row, Hackney-road


. On the 15th of August I was in thebake-house - my mother called me, and said the till was gone - I ran out, and found it in the middle of the field, about a quarter of a mile from my house. I picked up some money by it.


                  MARY 
                  BYERS
               



            . Between one and two o'clock, I was in my son's passage, and saw the prisoner in the shop, reaching over the counter - I asked what he wanted, he turned round and ran out. I saw him running very fast - I did not see the till in his hand - I am quite certain of his person - Mrs. Smith came up.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SARAH SMITH
               



            . I saw the prisoner come out of the shop with the till in his hand - he ran very fast towards the field - I ran out and followed him. I saw him throw the till down in the middle of the field - he then ran very fast, but I saw him caught, and am certain he is the man - I lost sight of him for a moment.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I took the prisoner in the middle of Clement's field - I did not see the till.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am an officer, and took him in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and saw several people running - I ran, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
