





1110. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SUCKLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, one ridicule, value 2 s., and 7 s., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Stamp
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .

MISS


                  MARY 
                  ANN STAMP
               



            . I live at No. 15, James-street, Buckingham-gate. On the 3d of August, about one o'clock in the day, I was at the corner of Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury


, I had just crossed from opposite the chapel with my ridicule in my hand, the prisoner came suddenly upon me and snatched it away. I am certain of him, there were several others with him. My purse containing seven or eight shillings was in it; I cried, Stop thief! I was desired by the gang to desist. I did not pursue any further then; they ran down Dyot-street; I went down a short street adjoining Dyot-street. I had him in view a minute or more, and am certain he is the man. I saw him at Bow-street half an hour after, and was certain of him. The ridicule was not found.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAYBROOK
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Giles's. I was at the watch-house door, Miss Stamp came and applied for an officer, saying she had been robbed of her ridicule, crossing Charlotte-street. She described the person. I went into Church-lane, St. Giles's, and saw a dozen boys together, and the prisoner among them, and from the description I took him; he asked me what I wanted with him; I told him for snatching a lady's ridicule; he said he was willing to go, as he was not the person. I took him to Bow-street, and on the way I met Miss Stamp, she said he was the boy; this was about a quarter of an hour after the robbery.
Prisoner's Defence, (written.) When this lady's ridicule was taken I was standing at the corner of Charlotte-street, and saw two boys running, and as they turned the corner of Phoenix-street I saw a bricklayer's labourer stop one of them, and saw the ridicule fall from under his frock; and the little boy who was running with him picked it up, and ran off with it. The cry of Stop thief, was rose, but to no purpose. I crossed the road and asked the lady what was the matter? she said she had lost her ridicule, containing two or three shillings, and a long lawn handkerchief, and several papers. She went to Bow-street, and laid information that two boys about fifteen or sixteen robbed her. A patrol came up and said I must go with him; she said she could not swear to the person, but the little boy had a fustian frock on and two pearl buttons in front, just like mine, and that is what she swears to me by, it is hard to have my life sworn away by two buttons, for I am innocent.
MISS STAMP. I never expressed a doubt of his being the person. I do not know Phoenix-street. I was coming from Museum-street; I had not been near Phoenix-street. It was not a little boy who took it, it was the prisoner, he had a frock with pearl buttons.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
