





First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
6. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  SAMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel Outram 
                        Bacon
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL OUTRAM BACON. I live in York-place, City-road. On the 17th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was in Fore-street


 - I did not feel my handkerchief taken, but know it was safe shortly before; Herdsfield gave me information when I got into Basinghall-street, and it was gone - I had not noticed the prisoner near me - Herdsfield had Grainger, who has been convicted, in custody with my handkerchief, which I immediately recognized.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable of the City. On the 17th of August I was in Fore-street, and saw the prisoner with Grainger in company, who was tried here in September; I saw them together, close behind Mr. Bacon - I watched them, and at the corner of Aldermanbury-postern, the prisoner took the handkerchief, and went towards Aldermanbury with it - Grainger crossed over into Moor-lane, and the prisoner went into Moor-lane with him- they went up a passage in the lane, and I saw him give it to Grainger - they looked round, saw me, and then separated in different directions - I laid hold of Grainger, and took the handkerchief from his pocket - I had seen him put it there; I took him with me into Basinghall-street, and Mr. Bacon claimed it - I afterwards found the prisoner in the House of Correction, and took him into custody, when he was liberated from there, on the 10th of November - I am certain of his person; I knew him well before; I found but one handkerchief on Grainger.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written). I assure you I am entirely innocent - I have been brought up to reverence the laws of God and my country - I entreat you to look well to the evidence, and hope you will remember the paths of youth are slippery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
