






1262. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  SMIRK
               



             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MAPPERLY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin Chaplin 
                  Griffin
               




            .
BENJAMIN CHAPLIN GRIFFIN. I was in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


, on the 6th of June, about ten o'clock in the evening - Boston came and told me I had lost my handkerchief, which had been in my left-hand coat-pocket; I had not seen any one take it; he gave it to me about ten minutes afterwards.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I was with Bertraun and Roberts on the 6th of June, in Great Queen-street. I saw the two prisoners together - Mapperly took the handkerchief from this gentleman's pocket - Smirk was by his side - I told him of it; I afterwards saw the handkerchief taken from the flap of Mapperly's breeches; they were both taken in a passage in Stone-cutter-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. Where was the handkerchief taken? A. In Great Queen-street - it was taken from the prisoner about 4 or 500 yards from there. I am a porter, but I knew the officers, and was talking to them.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Bertraun and Boston in Great Queen-street; the two prisoners went up Stonecutter-street; Bertraun and I followed, and took them in a court there; I saw Mapperly searched, and this handkerchief taken from his flap - Smirk and him were sitting down.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure that Smirk was with him when the handkerchief was taken? A. Yes; I was on the other side of the way - Bertraun could not go after them fast - he is lame.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAUN
               



            . I saw the two prisoners in New-street, and then in Great Queen-street; I did not see the handkerchief drawn, but I went after them, and sawthem sitting at a door in the court. I took this handkerchief from Mapperly's breeches.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Smirk say he had just joined him? A. No, he did not - he said he had been to bathe.
MAPPERLY's Defence. Mr. Roberts called the other officer, and he said "Tom - I will tell you what, we had better say, we saw them in New-street and followed them to Queen-street.
THOMAS ROBERTS. There was not a word passed between us.
SMIRK's Defence. I left my master's employ about a quarter before eight o'clock, and said I was going to bathe- I came home through New-street, and down Queen-street; I sat down on a step, in a court - the other prisoner came and sat by me, and asked what time it was.
SMIRK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MAPPERLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
