





718. 
               
                  SAMUEL HENRY 
                  HIVALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 4 wine glasses, value 1s. 4d
            , the goods of 
               
                  Barnet 
                  Abrahams
               




            .
BARNET ABRAHAMS. I live in Great Peter-street, Westminster


, and am a broker
. On the 16th of January I lost four wine glasses - they were down an area about a foot and a half off; I saw them about half an hour before - they are worth about 16d; I have seen the prisoner about Westminster.


                  MARIA 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Abrahams. I was minding the shop - the glasses were on a table down in the area; I did not see the prisoner before he took the glasses from the table - it was not far from the ground; the table was higher than the ground - persons passing could not take them without reaching over; it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening - I think on the 16th of January; the lamps were lighted; he came to the table; I told him to go away, or I would call my master - he used a bad expression, and before I could call my master, the glasses and the prisoner were gone: I saw him afterwards in custody of the officer - there was no other person near the table; I saw the officer before the prisoner was taken, and had described him both to the officer and to my master.


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES JENNINGS
               



            . I am an officer. On the evening of the 16th I learnt that the glasses were taken; a few minutes after they were taken, the prosecutor came to me, and said young Hivall had taken them - that he knew that it was him by the description of the girl; I knew the prisoner before - I took him the next evening; the glasses have not been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
