






First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1594. 
               
                  
                     LYON 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 12 yards of woollen cloth, value 10l. 10s.; 96 pairs of long white kid gloves, value 14l., and 9 bills of exchange, for payment of divers sums of money, amounting to 1015l. 8s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Waller
                  




               
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  HORDEN
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Waller
               



             - he is a woollen manufacturer
; his premises are at No. 19, King-street, Cheapside


; he lived in Bache's-row, City-road, at the time in question. On the evening of Saturday, the 16th of June, I saw the premises locked up between six and seven o'clock - I left them safe; I returned on Monday morning, about half-past eight, and found the premises had been broken into, and sundry cloths had been stolen - they had made an entrance from Cateaton-street; there were no visible marks on the outside of the street door, but they had broken through a door in a passage, which we and another person have access; they had cut a pannel out of the door, and opened it; it was safe on Saturday night. Two desks were broken open, out of which the cash-box was taken. A segar-chest in the warehouse had been broken open, and a few bundles taken out; three gold watches were also taken. The cash-box, contained eight bills of exchange, amounting to above 1000l. I missed fifteen or twenty pieces of woollen cloth, worth about 400l., and twenty dozen pairs of gloves, worth 30l. - they had selected all the fine cloths, and left the coarse behind; they had opened a bottle of wine, drank part of it, and smoked some segars; the remains were left on the premises.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you know what part of the property has been found? A. No. The pannel of the door was cut out. I should conceive more than one person must be concerned.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WADHAM COPE
               



            . I am a City marshal. I went to search the prisoner's house, No 4, Cock and Hoop-yard, Shoreditch, on the 28th of June - I there found four dozen pairs of gloves, and from six to ten yards of cloth; I showed them to Mr. Waller, who claimed them.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WALLER
               



            . These are my property - I have looked at the cloth - there are about eleven yards of it, which is worth about 9l. The gloves are worth 7l. 10s.; I know them by the manufacturer's mark on them - the papers have been exchanged, but I have no doubt of the property; my cash-box contained about 1011l. in bills.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the mark on the gloves? A. They have the letters C. B. stamped within; I do not know the manufacturer's name, but they always put their initials on them; they are a French make - the gloves I lost were marked exactly in this way; some have an arrow stamped on them. I am certain they were made in France, by the way they are stitched; I have not the least doubt of their being mine; all French gloves are not stitched the same way; some are pricked seams, being made with the machine - these are done by hand. I swear positively they are mine.
MR. COPE re-examined. I found the property in the ground floor front room; it is not fitted up at all like a shop - it is a parlour; they were in drawers: the prisoner was in the room, and said he had bought them, but could not exactly recollect of whom; his wife was there, and Forrester and White, the officers; his two daughters came in afterwards and a man who lodged up stairs.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not this on the ground floor? A. Yes - it was a sitting-room; it was no shop at all, nor was there any show of goods outside.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FROST
               



            . I have a warehouse in Coleman-street, and a manufactory at Stroud, in Gloucestershire. I have sold a great many cloths to the prosecutor; I cannot identify these cloths by this light, but I saw them in Mr. Cope's possession, on the 29th of June, at the Mansion-house, and one piece I could particularly swear to, as being my manufacture, and part of what I sold Mr. Walker.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot be certain it is what you sold him? A. I sold him thirteen pieces, all of which had been damaged in a very peculiar manner, which gave them a very singular appearance on the wrong side; it arose from an accident, in the application of a patent finish in hot water; I recognized them at the Mansion-house by that; other manufacturers apply the patent finish to black cloth; it gave it a very peculiar brown dark appearance on the wrong side; the cloth had been made from a peculiar sort of old fleeces, and had a hair list.
MR. WALLER re-examined. I had no cloth in my warehouse on the 16th of June, but what I had bought of Mr. Frost.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that his infirmity rendered it impossible that he could have committed the robbery, and contending that the property being found in his possession so long after the robbery, ought to do away the suspicion of his guilt, as it must have changed hands several times - that he had purchased the goods of persons whom he did not know; he was prepared to prove that he was a general dealer, and in the habit of attending sales; also that he was at home at the time of the robbery.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at No. 41, Nightingale-lane, and am a general dealer. I have known the prisoner twelve or fourteen years; he had been a general dealer, and frequently attends sales with me - he is in the habit of making purchases there, and I have documents to prove that he has bought goods of me; I have bills to produce of property which I have sold him, which is detained by the officers; it is not the property in question. I called on him three or four days before the 19th of June, to ask him to go to a sale, and he was unwell; I cannot exactly say the day: I saw him on the 17th of June, and then he was very ill indeed.
COURT. Q. What time on the 17th of June did you see him? A. After dinner - he dines about two o'clock; I was about half an hour with him; I do not know that any doctor attended him: he was sitting in a chair - he had been to a sale with me about a month before that, and bought some remnants of cloth and kerseymere; he has attended several sales with me - he attended one at Mr. Bailey's, in Wood-street - I cannot say when that was - I did not take notice.
Q. Will you swear that he was at a sale with you within a month of the goods being found? A. He had been to Bailey's, and to the Auction-mart, with me within two months - I do not know whether he bought any thing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HART
               



            . I have known the prisoner for two years. I have been sitting in Court - I did not hear the witnesses ordered to go out. I boarded with the prisonerat the time he was taken; he was ill at home on the night of the 16th; he complained of being ill all the day before, and on the 16th he was worse; he appeared ill; I saw him on the 17th; he was worse then. I myself underwent a surgical operation on the 19th of April, and was not out of doors for six weeks afterwards; I was sitting at home, and saw him the whole evening on the 16th of June; I saw him go up to bed about ten o'clock, and saw him come down stairs about nine next morning - I saw him go to bed that night, and saw him the next morning; he was not out of doors till the 19th - he attends sales.
COURT. Q. Is he a very infirm man? A. Yes; I cannot say whether he rides to the sales or not. I sleep in the ground floor back room.
Q. Do any customers come into the front room? A. There are customers come backwards and forwards - I have seen several customers come there for goods; the last time was in June - I cannot say the day; I could not see what was done in the front room when I was in the back, but I have seen persons come and inquire for the prisoner; they came in at the front door.
Q. Why, you had undergone a surgical operation, were you not in bed? A. No - it was only an operation on my hand; I was sitting at the front door. The prisoner slept in the second floor back room.
Q. Then where he was at night you cannot tell? A. He wished me good night, and went up stairs at ten o'clock; he could not come down without my hearing him; it might be four or five months ago that I saw customers come there; I did not see what they purchased, but they came out with a large brown paper parcel; I have seen them several times.
Q. Will you swear you have seen that for the last four or five months? A. I cannot say that I have; I have seen him buy and sell goods about five months ago - that was floor-cloth and ribbons. I was at home when the officers came - I did not see them take any goods; I had not the curiosity to go down stairs; they awoke me when they came; I lay on the prisoner's bed in the day time; I never went to a sale with him, but he has shown me things which he has said he has bought - that was sixteen or seventeen weeks ago.


                  LEWIS 
                  LAZARUS
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years - he bore a good character, and is a general dealer.
COURT. Q. What does he deal in? A. Cloth, ribbons, and muslins; his warehouse is in Cock and Hoop-yard, at the house he lives in. I have bought goods of him.


                  MORDECAI 
                  MOSES
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch, and have known the prisoner eighteen years - he is a general salesman, and bore an honest character.
COURT. Q. What does he deal in? A. He attends sales - I saw him at the last Tower sale; I recommended him a customer about four months ago - it was a person who wanted some oil-cloth; I knew he had bought a lot reasonable, and took him there; he laid out a few pounds, and I got a little commission.


                  SOLOMON 
                  LEVY
               



            . I live in Crutched-friars, and am a regulator of the course of Exchange. I have known the prisoner above twenty years - he is a general-dealer. I was astonished to hear of this affair, for he always bore an honest character.
COURT. Q. Have you been to his house lately? A. Not for ten years.
- SIMMONS. I am a neighbour of the prisoner's- I have known him seven years. I have seen him carry out things publicly.
COURT. Q. Were you ever in the room where these things were? A. No. I never saw him with gloves or cloth; I have seen floor-cloth taken there openly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .(See Sixth Session, page 545.)
