






350. 
               
                  
                     ISABELLA 
                     KIRK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January

, 1 watch, value 15s., and 2 silver spoons, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Roberts
                  



               
            , her master
; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DRISCOLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a clerk in the Excise-office
, and live in Armitage-place



 - Kirk had been in my service five or six weeks. On the 2d of January she came into the parlour, while I was at tea, and said she was going to get some milk for Mr. Gilbert, who has my first floor - she was gone some time - my wife went down, and missed a tea-spoon - I then went, and missed a tablespoon and a shawl - on the Friday following, Kirk came and gave herself up - I was sent for, and found her at my house - she acknowledged she had stolen the spoons and a watch, and said the duplicates were at Driscoll's; she said that Driscoll had prompted her to do it; my wife is not here.


                  FRANCES 
                  WILD
               



            . I live with Mr. Gilbert. I went to Driscoll's on Friday, the 5th of January; I asked if she knew a person of the name of Isabella Kirk; she said she did not know any such person, or any thing of such a person - her husband then came in, and said there was a duplicate belonging to such a person, and he reached a parcel of duplicates - Mr. Driscoll looked at them, and gave me the duplicate of the watch; I asked if she had any more, and whether she would give them to me; she said she had not; but told me to call again in half an hour, as her husband would not look at her with any countenance again for having them. I went again, and she gave me a duplicate of a table-spoon; she offered me another of a spoon and a gown of Isabella Kirk's, and said she would give me that, if I would promise to give her the gown which Kirk had got on; but I could not promise that; she said Kirk had left them with her, saying she had left her place and taken no wages, and that her brother Thomas had given her these things, to make a little money of.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JAMES WOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a table-spoon pawned by Driscoll for 4s., on the 2d of January - she said it was not for herself; I had known her some time.


                  EDWARD 
                  BULLWORTHY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch pawned by Driscoll on the 3d of January, and a spoon by her son Jeremiah Driscoll on the same day - I was at breakfast when she brought the watch - my young man came to me, and asked if I could lend 10s. on it to Driscoll - I told him to ask if it was her own property; I looked through the window and saw that it was her.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I took the two prisoners on the 5th of January - I found Driscoll at her own house - her husband appears like a tradesman; I told her I wanted her on suspicion of being concerned with Kirk in a robbery - I found a duplicate of a spoon and a gown in a little brass pepper-box over her mantel-piece - I got the other two duplicates from the servant.(Property produced and sworn to.)
KIRK'S Defence. I took the things from my master's, I asked Driscoll to pawn them and make me a little money, and to keep the duplicates for me - she did not know they were stolen.
DRISCOLL'S Defence. I am quite innocent of any guilty knowledge - she came to me in distress, and asked me to pawn them for her - Wild asked if Kirk was at my house, not whether I knew her.
COURT to FRANCES WILD. Q. Did the Magistrate ask you respecting Driscoll's knowing Kirk? A. I do not recollect that he did; but I am quite sure she denied knowing her, and took her oath to it several times - I went to her by the desire of Mr. Roberts - I found her at her house, No. 3, School-house-yard - I said, "Do you know such a person as 
               
                  Bella 
                  Kirk
               



            ?" she said, No; I had a direction on a bit of paper, which Kirk had written for me;I said, "Look at that;" and she replied, "I can't read;" I said 
               
                  Bella 
                  Kirk
               



             had written that, and asked if she knew such a person; she said, "No; I have not room here for my own family;" I am sure I did not ask if Kirk was there; because she was at Mr. Roberts'.
KIRK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DRISCOLL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
