





8. 
               
                  SILAS 
                  BRITON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 snuff-box, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Greenfield
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS GREENFIELD. I am a Solicitor
, of Clifford's Inn. On the 9th of November, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was near the top of Bridge-street, Blackfriars


, in the crowd; I had put my snuff-box into my pocket five minutes before; I put my hand into my pocket to take it out, and found it was gone - I have no recollection of seeing the prisoner near me; I saw it again on the following Tuesday, at Guildhall - the prisoner was then in custody; there was a great crowd; I was endeavouring to get out of it.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I have belonged to the Police many years, but am now suspended, having met with an accident. On the 9th of November I was standing about thirty yards from the end of Fleet-market, when the Lord Mayour's procession was going by; the prisoner rushed by me, to two of his companions, and I heard him say to them, "I have done it;" they directly, in a whispering manner, said,"Get out of the crowd;" I followed him out of the crowd, laid hold of him at the end of the market, and said, "What have you done, young chap?" I put my hand into his side pocket, and took out this snuff-box, and then took out a pair of scissars - he said, "You have no right to take the scissars, they really do belong to me;" I did not see Mr. Greenfield till the Tuesday - a friend of his, who knew the box, happened to be in the office, and Mr. Greenfield came and claimed it. The prisoner told me, as I was going to the Compter, that he had picked it up in the kennel on the bridge; it was quite clean; his companious disappeared the moment I laid hold of him.
MR. GREENFIELD. I am quite certain this is my box; it was in my outside coat pocket, and could not have fallen out; I was not on the bridge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming over Blackfriars'-bridge, and saw the box in the kennel - I picked it up, wiped it with my handkerchief, and put it into my breast pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
