





1447. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     PETHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 1 pair of shoes, value 7s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1s.; 3 jackets, value 3s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 2s.; 3 pairs of boots, value 5s., and 2 shoes, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Lawrence
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I live at Hampstead


, and am a schoolmaster
. On the 27th of May I lost these articles from my boot-house; some of them were on shelves, and some on boxes; I had seen the prisoner on the day before the robbery - my servant missed them on the morning of the 27th: the prisoner was afterwards brought in, and it was said he had them.



                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am one of Mr. Lawrence's pupils. Some of these articles are mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAKIN
               



            . I am night constable of Kentish-town. I met the prisoner on the 27th of May, at twenty minutes before six o'clock, with this bundle; I took him to the watch-house - he said he had bought them at Mr. Gatton's school, at Highgate.
Prisoner. The officer took a man to the watch-house, and he got away, and on the 12th of June he took me for the other man. Witness. There was no other man with him; when I took him I left him with a watchman named Colley, who walked out, and the prisoner escaped; I took him again afterwards, and am certain he is the man, by the scar on his face - I went to look for him at Crouch-end; he was found at Tottenham, and brought to us.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a constable of Tottenham. I received information that Pethers was wanted for felony - I knew him before, and caused him to be apprehended: I stated to him what I took him for, and he said if it was so he supposed it would only be a Botany concern - it would not scrag him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had found the property under a hay-stack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
