





757. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHALLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, a load of hay, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ricketts
                  




               
            , his master
.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICKETTS
               



            . The prisoner was my servant in husbandry
. On the 21st of October I sent him with a load of meadow hay to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Vines
               



            , at Whitechapel. He was not to receive the money, but to bring home a ticket of the price - he never returned. I did not see him again till he was apprehended, which was in January - he never accounted for the money.


                  JOHN 
                  REED
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington. About ten weeks ago I bought a load of meadow hay of the prisoner - I paid him five guineas for it. I am a cow-keeper.


                  JAMES 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am constable of Waltham Abbey. - On the 8th of January I apprehended the prisoner in Essex. He said he received five guineas, and it lasted him about nine days - that he sold the hay to Richards, a cow-keeper, and he and another man spent the money, and he lost a sovereign.
Prisoner's Defence. I never said such a word - I said I had lost it, and was afraid to return.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  JESSOP
               



            . I took down what the prisoner said before the magistrate, and saw the magistrate sign it.
(Read.)
"The prisoner says he sold the hay, the property of his master, to a person at Newington, for five guineas, and having lost part of the money on the road, was afraid to return, and gave a man 1 s. to take the cart home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
