





443. 
               
                  
                     FRANCOIS 
                     GERARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, two watches, value 40 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John George 
                     Fearn
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Litteler
                  



               
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. DOWLING.


                  JAMES 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. 
               
                  John 
                  George Fearn
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Litteler
               



            , who are jewellers

, and live in the Strand


. On Saturday, the 11th of September, the prisoner came to the shop with an interpreter, and desired to see some spoons and forks, and two gold watches; he said he would not decide on them; I saw him again on Monday with a fresh interpreter, when he desired to see the spoons and forks he had seen on Saturday; he fixed on them, and desired to see some plated goods, saying he was going to housekeeping, and could not afford silver. He ordered a sugar-bason, milk-pot, and a gold watch, chain, seal, and key, in all they came to 54 l. He then asked to see some gold watches, and I produced the two he had seen; he said he did not understand watches, but if I would send them to his lodgings, No. 6, Frith-street, he had a friend there, and he would determine which he would take. I took them myself in about an hour, and saw him with the interpreter; I put them on the table. He asked, through the interpreter, if I would allow him to take the watches to a friend in the next room? I said,
"Certainly," and gave them to him. As soon as he left the room the interpreter asked me if I knew him? I said No - he never returned. I inquired, and found he had escaped out of the house; I did not see him again until the 2d of December, when I apprehended him at Bath. I found one watch in pledge at Bath, and saw the other at Bow-street; I should not have parted with them without the money. He had ordered the spoons and forks to be engraved.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . On the 13th of September I was shopman to Mr. Chasseroe, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Marylebone-street. The prisoner pledged a gold watch with me between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, in the name of Delisle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 2d of December I apprehended the prisoner at Bath, where he lodged in a garret by the name of Captain 
               Delisle
            , and brought him to town. When we were at Reading heasked leave to get of the coach, and immediately ran away, but I secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I agreed to buy the watches on credit. When I left the room I received a letter from a friend, who I expected some money from, and was obliged to set off for Bristol. I did not think proper to write to the prosecutor till I could pay him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
