





129. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  TUCKWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 6 live tame fowls, value 10s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Ross
               




            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be dead fowls.
HUGH ROSS. I am a miniature painter
, and live at Bow-hill-farm, near Hillingdon, Middlesex


. On the 9th of November I lost six fowls, which I had seen safe the day before; I heard the dogs barking between nine and ten o'clock at night, and suppose they were taken then; I had nobody but a boy in the house, and did not go to see. I went to bed before ten o'clock, and heard some horses pacing down the lane by my house; I got out of bed, and went to the window with a gun. I saw the fowls at eleven o'clock next morning, at Jarvis', at Hayes - they were then dead; they were alive the day before - Jarvis had fifteen or sixteen; I knew five hens, and one cock to be mine.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is any body here who saw them alive the day they were taken? A. No; I have lived there about a year and a quarter. I did notknow the prisoner, and know nothing of his being an orphan.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am a horse-patrol of Bow-street. On the 9th of November, at a quarter to twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner walking behind a waggon of hay - he had a sack on his shoulder; I stopped, and asked what it contained; he said water-cresses; I laid my hand on it, and found something warm; I dismounted, and found fifteen fowls in it, some of them quite warm; he gave no account of them, and I took him to Jarvis, the constable of Hayes.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you a warrant against any other men? A. Yes, but they have not been taken; the prisoner told the Magistrate that Pearson and Allen were in company with him, and that he did not take them.


                  STANLEY 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I received the prisoner with the fowls; the prosecutor identified six of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WYAT
               



            . I live with Mr. Ross; I saw the fowls at Jarvis', and know six of them - I had seen them alive in the stable-yard about three o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you put them into the henroost? A. No; they go in themselves.
Prisoner's Defence. Joseph Pearson and Philip Allen gave them to me as water-cresses.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
