





1474. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, two shirts, value 6 s.; two pair of stockings, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 6 d., and an apron, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Nichols
                        



                     
                  , widow, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Copeland
                        



.


                  ANN 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I live in the Hampstead-road, and am a laundress
. I was going with a child on the 18th of September to take some linen home; the child had the bundle, and was close to me. I was knocking at the door of Mr. Cooke, in Little Russel-street, opposite the church


, when the child had the bundle snatched from him which contained Mr. Cooke's things - he ran and cried Stop thief! I did not get sight of the person he was following; but he was stopped, and I saw him at the watch-house: the bundle was picked up and put into my hand before I get to the watch-house; it was the bundle the little boy was carrying for me.


                  EDWARD 
                  COPELAND
               



            . I am thirteen years of age. I was with my grandmother taking some clothes home, last Saturday week - they were tied up in a bundle, which I had in my hand; we were near Bloomsbury-chuch when a person came and snatched them from me. I saw who it was, and ran after him crying Stop thief! I am sure I did not lose sight of him, till he was taken - the prisoner is the man; he threw the bundle behind him while running; it was picked up and given to my grandmother.


                  JAMES 
                  OXLEY
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant. I was at the corner of Bury-street, about eight o'clock that evening, and saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm come out of Little Russel-street; he ran, and as he turned into another street he threw it down. I pursued, but the watchman stopped him before I came up - I never lost sight of him.
EDWARD DECASTER. I am constable of the night. The prisoner was delivered into my custody; the prosecutrix described the things before the bundle was opened. I found it all correct.


                  GEORGE 
                  FORDYCE
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the rattle sprung about eight o'clock, and a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running first. I overtook him; this little boy came up and said
"That is the man who took my bundle."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been into Oxford-street, and was rather late. I was running when this man stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
