





1747. 
               
                  WILLIAM HENRY 
                  THOMPSON
               



             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        McDonald
                     



                  , on the night of the 17th of March
, and stealing 1 hat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d., and 1 pair of shoes, value 6d., his property; 1 pelisse, value 18s.; 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d., and 2 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        Eleanor 
                        McDonald
                     



                  , spinster

.
JOHN McDONALD. I live in Berners-street, Commercial-road


. On the 17th of March I went to bed about ten o'clock at night - I awoke at four in the morning, and missed a pair of stockings and shoes from my bed side; the stockings and shoes were left outside the room door - my hat was gone.
ELEANOR McDONALD. I live with my father. My sister was the last person up. I came down in the morning, and found a drawer open in the parlour; I missed a pelisse, a gown, my father's hat, his shoes, and stockings were outside the door, on the leads. I found the prisoner in custody in July.


                  MARY 
                  BADHAM
               



            . I lodged at McDonald's, in the first floor front room. On the 17th of March, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the door on the leads fastened; it was open in the morning about eight - somebody had got in there.


                  JOHN 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Aaron, a pawn-of Houndsditch. I have a pelisse, pawned on the 18th of March, in the name of Smith; I believe the prisoner to be the person - a person called that day, and gave me information, which impressed the recollection of his features on me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 18th of March, at the Star public-house, offering this pelisse for sale to several persons - I met him that afternoon, and bought the duplicate of him; I went for it on Monday - the pawnbroker said I was not the person, and sent for an officer.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . On the 18th of March McDonald informed me of this robbery. I found the pelisse at Aaron's, and desired him to stop whoever came for it; I was fetched on the Monday, and took Harris, who described the prisoner to me - Savage did the same. I was looking for him nearly three weeks, and found him in Horsemonger-lane.(Pelisse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man in Rosemary-lane, and bought the pelisse of him, for 7s. - I took it to the Star to sell for 10s., but could not, and pawned it.




               GUILTY. Aged 2 Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
