





2166. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DOYLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 basket, value 1s.; 1 counterpane, value 17s.; 2 towels, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 9d.; and 1 apron, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Sartin
               




            .
MARTHA SARTIN. I am a widow
. On the 16th of October, I left these articles at the door of my house, in a basket - I think at twelve o'clock in the evening; the next morning, at a quarter-past six, I heard a voice, saying"There is a thief in the yard;" I opened my window, butthere was no one there - but the basket had been moved to the upper end of the yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STAR
               



            . On the 16th of October, I was getting up at six o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner take the basket of linen from one end of the yard to the other; he had got a ladder, and got over the wall; I went down stairs into the street, expecting to see him - instead of coming into the street, he went down a mews; I am sure I saw him taking the basket towards the ladder.


                  JOHN 
                  BENSTEAD
               



            . On the 16th of October, I saw the prisoner about a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning; he was just getting over the wall, but had nothing in his hand; I dressed myself, and searched for him, but could not find him; in about a quarter of an hour, I searched for him again, and saw him jump from a wall into an empty house; I looked about, and found him in an archway, concealed under some straw; he said he came there to sleep; I told him he must go with me; I sent for the officer - he said If I would let him go, he would never do so any more.
Prisoner's Defence. I told him I had slept there, and if he would let me go I would never go there any more.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
