





140. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Hubbard 
                  Dutton
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I live with Mr. William Hubbard Dutton, a boot-maker
, in St. Martin's-court


. On the 14th of November, the witness, Campbell, came and said two boys had run away with some boots - I went out, and saw a lad with the boots, and the prisoner talking to him; I went up and asked for the boots, and the prisoner knocked me down - I got up, and the prisoner knocked me down a second time; I got up, and followed him till he was taken - the boots were thrown down by the other boy.


                  JESSE 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Dutton's. On the 14th of November, I saw two boys looking in at the window - they kneeled down, and one, less than the prisoner, took a pair of boots; the prisoner, I believe, was looking in at the window at the time - they went on with the boots, and I told Hayward, who ran out, and saw them - I believe the prisoner is one; he was dressed like a sailor, and had the same things on at the office - he was not dressed as he is now.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to my face? A. No - but I swear to the dress, and did so when I saw him.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and followed the prisoner - I saw these boots thrown away in Earl's-court; I took them up, and put them into the shop - Hayward still followed the prisoner, and I saw a gentleman stop him; he had sailor's clothes on - I had seen him and another lad together about three minutes before the boots were taken; another person stopped the little boy with the boots - the prisoner went to knock him down, and knocked his hat off.
Prisoner's Defence. I was comming through the court; I stopped and looked into a window - there was a boy lurking about the door; I went on, and he passed me with the boots - then Hayward came, and asked me if I had seen any one with boots; I pushed him down - then he came again, and asked if I had seen any body pass with boots; I told him no, and gave him a shove - I must have hit him with great force to have knocked him down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
