





560. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, a curtain, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bean
                        



                     
                  , widow
; a coat, value 1 s., and a Testament, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bean
                        



                     
                  , and a pelisse, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Ward
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BEAN
               



            . I lodge with my grandmother
, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bean
               



            , a widow - we live in Gibraltar-walk, Bethnal-green-road


. On Sunday the 25th of January, about half-past twelve o'clock, I went out with her - this curtain was then at the bed-side - we returned about half-past seven, and found the door open - my coat and Testament were gone from a deal-box, which was not locked, and the curtain from the bed. I had locked the door, and taken the key. I found a knife on the landing-place, and a piece of wood chipped off the door-post - it was wrenched open - the prisoner lived in the next room.


                  HANNAH 
                  WARD
               



            . I lodge on the second floor in the same house. On Sunday afternoon, about ten minutes to five o'clock, I went down stairs, returned at five o'clock, and missed a pelisse off my bed. I met the prisoner on the stairs going down, but did not see any thing with her, as it was rather dark.
MAJOR SOMES. I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby. On the 26th of January, about noon, the prisoner pawned a curtain for 4 d., in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Chard
               



            , George-street, and in about an hour, she pawned a pelisse in the name of Ann Chard, Brick-lane.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  ISAASON
               



            . I am an officer. I took her into custody, on the afternoon of the 26th, at her mother's, and found 5 s. 7 d. on her, and behind a washing-tub in the room, I found two duplicates of this property - she said she had put them there. I found a knife in the house which fitted the place.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I live in Blue Anchor-yard. On the 26th, the prisoner came to me, and said she had met her aunt by Whitechapel Church, that she had made her a present of this pelisse, to be altered to fit her, and she was to take the coat and curtain to her in the morning. The landlord made her take them out of the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I found a Testament in Sullivan's house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
