





726. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, twenty yards of woollen cloth, value 20 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Reyburn
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  REYBURN
               



            . I am a woollen-draper
. On the 21st of February I had about forty yards of cloth to carry; it was a piece of black and a piece of blue. I was carrying it myself about six o'clock in the evening, and seeing the prisoner at a public-house door in Whitechapel I employed him to carry it; he walked by my side with it, but was continually stopping behind. I turned round to him in Whitechapel, and said
"I will take it the rest of the way," I turned round and saw that one piece was gone - I seized the other. They had been tied together with two strong strings, and it is impossible that the strings could be cut without his knowledge; it must have been done by his associates. I turned round and laid hold of one piece; three or four men surrounded me directly, and said,
"Bill, run," and he did run pretty quick. I kept the piece of cloth, went to Lambeth-street, and gave information; it was worth 22 l. I saw him on the following Saturday, and am certain of him; I have not found the cloth.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUSH SKILLERN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. Reyburn described the prisoner to me. I apprehended him on the following Saturday by that description.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman asked me to earn 6 d., and I carried it as far as Catherine-wheel-alley; he was behind me or by my side all the time, and must have seen if anything was taken; three or four people came round and ran down Essex-street, and I after them; whether they took anything or not I cannot say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
