








1241. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  PARSONS
               




             and 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  HALL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May

, 1 stock, value 8s.; 1 plane, value 4s.; 1 saw, value 2s; 1 hagging-iron, value 2s.; 2 punches, value 1s.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; 1 pair of punches, value 6d.; 1 rule, value 6d., and 1 knife, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cotter
                     



                  ; 4 shaves, value 8s., and 1 stock, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Madell
               



            ; and 
               
                  HONORA 
                  CATON
               



             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN COTTER. I am a cooper
, and live in Upper East Smithfield



; I have a workshop adjoining my house. On the 19th of May, at half-past eight o'clock. I left all these tools in the shop; next morning, at six o'clock, I found the place open, and the tools gone; I had information, and found them at White's, that day, in a basket; White came in; I asked him the price of two shaves - he said 6d. each, and I gave it him; I said I had not enough money, but would deposit 6d. for the two, and send my wife down; I got an officer, and we went to the place; a woman came into the shop, and wanted to take them away; I said they were mine, that my place was broken open, and they were stolen; White then threw them out of the basket into the street; he said he had given 2s. for them, and then that he had lent 2s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not say he was not present when they were left? A No, not to me; Parsons is not the woman who came to take them away - she (Parsons) is my sister-in-law; I went to White's about five o'clock in the afternoon - I have no daughter, except one who is a year and a half old.
THOMAS MADELL. I was working with Cotter, and lost four shaves and a stock.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Crown-court, Rosemary-lane. On the night of the 19th of May, between nine and ten o'clock, Parsons brought me some tools; I said I was certain they were her brother's; she said, "No, so help me God, they are not;" I insisted on her taking them away; Hall came with her, and brought some of them; I lent them an apron, and they took them away.


                  JAMES 
                  WAYLING
               



            . I went to Caton's house, White's-yard, Rosemary-lane - she was out; I sent for her, and said, "Where are the tools which Parsons and Hall brought here?" she said, "God knows, it is so long ago since I saw either of them, I don't know; there are no tools here - you are welcome to see:" she opened the place; I looked - there was nothing; I went on to the next court, and found Hall: I said, "Where are the tools you and Parsons took from her brother-in-law last night?" in consequence of what she said I went to Caton's again, and said, "You told me a lie:" she said, "I did; Parsons had taken the things away just before you came in;" she said to Hall, who was with me, "It is all through you and Kitty;" Hall said she and Parsons went to the place; that Parsons took down the bar of the shutters, and gave the tools out to her: I went to White's, and saw the tools; he said he had bought them of Cotter's daughter for 2s. and then that he lent 2s. on them - I brought them away, and told him to come to me; on Saturday Parsons came to the office; I said, "Don't you know I have been looking for you?" she said, she had heard of it, and that she had been to the races; I said I wanted her for taking her brother's tools; she said, "Who gave you information of that?" I would not tell her; she said, "Stand clear of the nobs of the candlesticks; I know who told you, and I will make them fly."
PARSON'S Defence. Smith offered me 5s. for them; I wanted 10s.: Hall said we could get more for them - she is in the habit of buying stolen goods; I asked White to letme leave the things, saying I was in distress for rent, and to deny me.
PARSONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CATON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WHITE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
