





1061. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CLIFFORD alias 
BURKE





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 1 gold ring, value 6s., 1 half-crown, and 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Harris
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am the wife of Henry Harris. We live in Augusta-street, Hampstead-road. On the 22d of March, I met the prisoner coming over Blackfriars' - bridge; she was quite a stranger - she nearly stopped me, by seeming to pick up something under my feet; which appeared to be two seals, a ring, and a chain. She stopped me, and said, I should have half; we walked on till we came to the second street over the bridge - she asked me if I knew where there was a silversmiths, I said, No; we walked on till we met a young man - she asked him if he knew where there was a silversmiths; he said, he worked at one - we walked on, and I asked how far she was going to take me - she then asked him the value of them; he said 30l., but we should not get more than 28l. if we went to sell them; she then told me, if I would go with her into the country, she would give me the half part of it - I said I could not; she then told me to give her my ring, and what money I had, and wait at the end of Fleet-market, and she would come to me in an hour and a half, and bring me 12l. I gave her my ring and 4s. 6d., and waited for her till three or four o'clock, but she did not come - I met her again on the following Monday, near the bridge; she crossed the road when she saw me - I crossed after her, and asked her for my ring and my money; she said she did not know what I meant - but I insisted upon having them, or I would raise the street; she had another young man with her then - she said if I would not make a noise, I should have them; we walked on till we met the young man whom I had seen the first time. I asked her again for my property, and she said if I would hold my tongue, I should have them in a few minutes; and the two young men went for it, but they did not return - I waited twenty minutes or half an hour; then called assistance, and gave her into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  SNUGGS SHARPE
               



            . I am a constable. I received charge of the prisoner on the 24th; she said if Iwould let her go the money and ring would be brought to the watch-house; I said that would not do for me, I must lock her up; a woman came to see her; I inquired what she wanted - she very much wished to see her alone; I said I suspected she was a party to the felony, and I must lock her up; she then handed me this ring, this half-crown, a shilling, and some halfpence, and wanted me to let the prisoner go, but I detained them both. The prisoner gave her name as Burke at the watch-house; I ascertained that the ring had been pawned at a shop in Shoe-lane: I went there, and the pawnbroker described the prisoner's person - he knew her by the name of Clifford; she represented herself as a widow.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
