






684. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SACK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 16th of April
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 18 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Barker
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COURT
               



            . I am a sawyer, and live in Mr. Barker's house to take care of it; he does not reside there. On the 16th of April, about a quarter past nine, my wife awoke me and said she heard a noise in the house: I jumped up and threw up the window, and saw two men in the act of rolling a piece of lead off the water closet. I did not know either of them: the one on my right hand had a blue coat on, and the other had a light fustian jacket. I called out stop thief, they ran and I pursued them; they jumped over the foundation, and I saw Sack taken by a gentleman as he got over the wall; he was one of them. The other in the light jacket got over the other corner and took a different course: in jumping over, I heard and saw him jump into the water. I described Smith to the constable, and in eleven hours found him in custody. I found six pieces of lead moved under a wall rolled up, and the roll that they threw off the water closet; most all of it was taken off the water closet; there was about one hundred weight and a half. I have since fitted it, and it tallies. I believe Smith to be the other man, but cannot swear to him. I saw Sack taken, he had a blue frock on.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell


. I took charge of Sack. I afterwards took Smith. On the afternoon of the robbery, I saw three of them in company together; the prisoners were two of them. I saw them by Clerkenwell church, in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's house. I afterwards, from the description Court gave me, took Smith at eleven o'clock at night in bed; he was going to his chest to take a pair of stockings out; I told him to put on the same that he wore in the day. I took them up and they were wet nearly as high as the calf of the legs. He put on a velveteen jacket; I had seen him in the day time with a white jean jacket, and saw that jacket in the bed he was laying on; his shoes were also wet. I compared them with the marks in the mud in the field where they jumped over; they fitted all the way along from garden to garden.


                  JAMES 
                  BARBER
               



            . The building is mine; there was one hundred weight and a half of lead stolen.
SACK'S Defence. I was returning from Battle Bridge, heard a call of murder; got on the rails and saw three men run away; the man came up and secured me.
SMITH'S Defence. I was at home in bed at the time.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AVERY
               



            . I work at putting down gas pipes, and have slept with Smith every night for two years; he did not have the shoes on which the officer took away: I was in bed when they came. The white jacket on the bed was mine; the shoes belonged to the prisoner, and he did not wear them that day, and I am quite sure they were quite clean, dry, and oiled; he wore them on Sunday, and I never saw them on his feet after - I am perfectly sure they were quite clean, dry, and oiled. We went to bed about 10 o'clock, and the officer came in about twenty minutes: I was asleep when they came in; the officers asked for me, they did not ask for Smith; they took his strong shoes first, and the others next morning.
SACK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            

First Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
