






1255. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SAYER
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 6 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 4 halfpence, and 1 farthing, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Heath
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES HEATH. I am an upholsterer
, and live on the South-side of Finsbury-market. I had been out on the 8th of June, and had two or three pints of beer; I was going home a little before eleven o'clock at night, down Long-alley; I went into two public-houses to look for a cabinet-maker - first into the Admiral Vernon, and then into the White Swan, but I could not find him. The two prisoners followed me out of the White Swan, and as I was walking home four persons came and surrounded me, knocked me down with a stick, and cut my head; Sayer took the money from my pocket while the others surrounded me; I felt his hand in my pocket; I had five half-crowns of George III. and one of George IV., one shilling, one sixpence, and 2d.; they ran away. I pursued Sayer closely, and called Stop thief! he struck me several times, and knocked me down close at my own door; I was taken up for dead; he was taken by Cutbill. I have seen the money since; I believe King got away at that time, but he was at the office on another charge, and I knew him; I had not known either of the prisoners before.
Q. Are you certain of these men? A. Yes; Sayer is the man who took the money from me and beat me.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. What are you? A. I am a journeyman upholsterer - I work for Mr. Cutbill; I had a sofa doing for him. I never had a brain fever, and have never been attended for any complaint in the head. I began to drink that day about four o'clock; I had been to several places. When I was before the Magistrate, the first time, I mentioned I had been robbed, and said I had six half-crowns and 1s. 8 1/2d.; I had a sovereign from my wife, and that was part of the change - it was all in my right-hand breeches pocket. The prisoners had been in the public-house, but I was not a minute in the house - I only went in to look for my friend, and came out; I was attacked in the street a few minutes after I left the house; I raised a cry of Stop thief! a great many people ran after them - there was a great crowd at last. There were a great many persons running after the people who were running away. I swear I was perfectly sober; I believe I had taken three or four pints of beer, or I might have had five - I had not drank any liquor; it was in Long-alley, Moorfields, which is a great thoroughfare.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUTBILL
               



            . I live in East-street, Finsbury, and am a chair manufacturer. I heard the cry of Stop thief! while I was at supper - I got up, and saw some people running towards Finsbury-market; I saw Sayer running towards me; I opened my arms, and caught him - I gave him to the constable. I then heard there had been a person knocked down - I went to see who it was, and it was the prosecutor - I thought he was dying.
Cross-examined. Q. What did Sayer say? A. He asked me to let him go, because he had done nothing; there were a great many people running.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a headborough. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and came up while Cutbill had got Sayer on the ground; a stick and handkerchief were brought to me at the watch-house - I found on Sayer six half-crowns, a shilling, a sixpence, and 2 1/2d., which he brought out of his pocket. I found there were five half-crowns of one coin, and one of another.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prosecutor that night? A. Yes; he did not say what sort of money he had lost. I went to him the next morning, and asked what he had lost; I told him I had found some money, but I did not tell him what; when he described the money I told him it was just the money I had found.



                  JOSEPH 
                  LOW
               



            . I am apprentice to my father, and live in Finsbury-market. On Thursday evening, the 8th of June, I was standing at the door, with my brother, and heard the cry of Stop thief! we ran to the place, and met Sayer running towards us; my brother tried to stop him, and he struck at him with a stick, which struck him on the arm and the eye; he went on, stumbled, and turned back - he then met the prosecutor, and struck him with the stick; Mr. Cutbill caught him in his arms, and they both fell - I went and took the stick from him; there were a great many people running.


                  HENRY 
                  ROSE
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! opposite my door; I saw the prosecutor lying as has been described, and I took him up.


                  FRANCIS 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I live at the corner of Long-alley. I was standing at my door, opposite the Ship public-house, and saw the two prisoners go in there, in company - they seemed to know each other. Sayer had a stick in his hand; they came out in about three minutes, and went towards Sun-street; in about twenty minutes I heard the cry of Stop thief!
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know these two men? A. Yes.(Witnesses for the Defence.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAY
               



            . I keep the White Swan, in Long-alley, and know both the prisoners. The robbery was committed on the 8th of June, and King came into my house about ten minutes before eleven o'clock that day, with a person named Stone, and a short time afterwards a person came in, and said there had been a robbery - that is all I know.
Q. How do you recollect so exactly the time he came in? A. Because we generally shut up at eleven o'clock; it might be ten minutes or a quarter before eleven.


                  ALICE 
                  BRANCH
               



            . My husband is a butcher, and lives at No. 42, Long-alley. I know King, by seeing him at Mr. Bray's bar. I went on the 8th of June, at very near eleven o'clock, and saw a parcel of tipsy men coming down the alley; I thought it was a lark - they ran up Christopher's-alley, and a man said Stop him! as I thought; I went on to Bray's, and saw King drinking at the bar; I cannot tell how long he had been there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer of Moorfields liberty. I was coming along on the night in question, and saw King standing at Mr. Bray's door, with his pipe in his month - he had just come out - it was then about ten minutes before eleven o'clock, or nearly that time; I went into the house with him, and drank a drop of spirits, and staid there about twenty minutes; I have known him a good many years. I heard there had been a robbery - I do not know who did it.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAVES
               



            . I saw King in the bar about ten minutes before eleven o'clock; I had seen the prosecutor just before that, coming down the lane, very much in liquor; he was all but falling down; there was some woman by his side, but whether she was in company with him I cannot say; when I went into the house for my beer I saw King standing there; I had just left my work; I heard the cry of Stop thief! while I had the beer in my hand.


                  JAMES 
                  HEATH
               



             re-examined. Q. How far from Mr. Bray's house was it you was first attacked? A. Not more than three or four yards.
SAYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
