





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
490. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BEETHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, a coat, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Laureat 
                        Holmes
                     



                  ; a coat, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hickey
                        



                     
                  ; and a coat, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carroll
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Morris
                     



.
LAUREAT HOLMES. I lodge in Mr. Morris's house in Cato-street


. The prisoner lodged there for nine nights, and slept in the same bed as me. On the 20th of February, I missed a great coat and a silk handkerchief; I had put my coat over the prisoner, who went to bed before me, as he said he had a very bad cold, and asked me to do so. I awoke at half-past three o'clock; he was in bed then, and the coat over him - I awoke again between four and five o'clock, he was gone and my coat and handkerchief - the room door was wide open, and the street door also. Hickey and Carroll slept in the same room as us; they missed their coats also. Mine was worth 30 s.; I have not found it. The prisoner was taken at six o'clock the same night.


                  JOHN 
                  HICKEY
               



            . I slept in the same room. Holmes awoke me, and I missed my body coat from the chair by the bed side, it was a new one - I gave 19 s. per yard for the cloth, which measured one yard and five eighths - I had had it four months, but only wore it on Sundays.


                  JOHN 
                  CARROLL
               



            . I lodged in the house. Holmes awoke me - I missed my body coat from a closet in the room.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a constable. I found 17 s. on the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I let three men in drunk; it is a house where they come in at all hours.
GUILTY. Aged 29.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
