






2060. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SHARP
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     RYAN
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 1 watch, value 70s., and 1 watch-chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Brockman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY BROCKMAN. I am a porter
. On the 9th ofOctober, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Long-lane; the two prisoners and another woman came up, and asked me to give them something to drink, which I did, at a wine-vaults, and we walked on to Chequer-ally


 - they then fell upon me, and Ryan took my watch from my fob; Sharpe held me while Ryan handed the watch to another, who ran away - I held Ryan till the watchman came, and took her; I am quite sure of their person - I was with them about half an hour.
Prisoner Ryan. Q. Were you not drinking with three men, in a court? A. There were two men with me, and we had one pot of beer; there was no woman with me - I did not say to you."I have treated this woman, and now I will treat you."
COURT. Q. Where were you going? A. I had a window sash to carry to Clerkenwell-green - they went with me there, and on my return robbed me.
Prisoner Ryan. Q. Did you not ask me to go to Clerkenwell, I refused, and you said you had no more money, till you had been there? A. No, I did not - I was not in any private house with a woman.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the evening of the 9th of October, about half-past nine o'clock, I heard a cry of Watch! I went up to the place, and saw the prosecutor and Ryan together - he said he had lost his watch, and Ryan had robbed him of it; he said there three women had been, and they had collared him like a bull dog - I took Ryan to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARLE
               



            . I am headborough. I was at the watch-house, and saw Ryan brought in; I then went with the prosecutor and an officer, to the Salmon and Ball, Salmon and Ball-court, Bunhill-row - I said, "Look round, and see if there is any body you know; "he pointed out Sharpe - I took her into custody; she seemed to refuse to come, but I said, "You must come - the man says you are the person; "She then came - the prosecutor was sober.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a headborough. I was in a public-house three days after, and heard some girls say the chain was found by Britt - I knew him, and went and got it.


                  JAMES 
                  BRITT
               



            . I got this chain from my wife, and gave it to the officer.


                  ELLEN 
                  BRITT
               



            . I found this chain in Chequer-alley on the 10th of October; I shewed the place to the officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I went to the place where she said she found it, and it was close to the place where the prosecutor stated he was robbed.
Sharpe's Defence. I went to the Salmon and Ball, to get my husband home; he was out, and I waited - the officer and the prosecutor came in, and they said I must go with them.
Ryan's Defence. I was coming across Smithfield, and saw the prosecutor drinking with three men and a woman; he gave me some gin, and asked how far I was going - I said to Bunhill-row; he refused to go with me- I went home, then went out, and passed Chequer-alley, where I saw him; he took hold of me, and said I had robbed him.


                  ISABELLA 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I live at No. 2, Chequer-alley. I was with Ryan, on the 9th of October, from half-past seven o'clock, till she was taken - she was not out of my sight; we had taken a walk together, after I had done work she then went with me to my own room, and staid three quarters of an hour - we then went out again; I heard the cry of Watch! - I turned and saw the prosecutor with his small-clothes down, in a very indecent manner; he took hold of her, and said, "You have got my watch" - she said, "Nonsense man;" he let her go, and then took her again; I had not seen the prosecutor drinking.


                  JAMES 
                  CANNON
               



            . I am a labourer, and have lived at No. 4, Chequer-alley, about eight months; I never saw the prisoners, but the prosecutor came to my house, with a girl, as near as I can guess about half-past eight o'clock that night - I had just come home from my work, at Mr. Garrett's, an oil-man, in Whitecross-street; I had not been in two minutes, when the prosecutor came in, and went up stairs - he had not been there three minutes, when he came down again; the young woman then came down, and bade me good night - I said to her, "It is strange that a man should come to a house of this kind, and not pay for it;" I looked out, and he turned to the right hand - the girl went after him, and he followed her up; I went it, sat down, and in a few minutes, I heard Watch! cried - I went out, and saw the prosecutor running with his trousers down; he caught hold of Ryan, and said, "You have robbed me of my watch" - "No(says she) I have not;" "You d - d b - h, you have, (says he) and I have got hold of you;" I did not take any part in it, nor ask him for any thing for my room - I thought it very indecent for any man to do a thing of that kind.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOOKER
               



             re-examined. Q.How near were you, when the cry of Stop thief! was raised? A. About six doors; the prosecutor's clothes were up - Ryan said nothing about any indecent attack upon her; she only said she would go to the watch-house.


                  HENRY 
                  BROCKMAN
               



            . I did not go to any house with any young woman; my trousers were not down at all - I am married.
Prisoner Ryan. He is sure not to own it, because his wife is in Court.
SHARPE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
