





421. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EDROP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, one watch, value 30 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Middleton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I live at No. 73, Paradise-street, Lambeth. On the 15th of August, 1820, about one o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the Strand, opposite Southampton-street


, I was stopped by a person who gave a signal, and then was surrounded by fifteen or twenty more. I had a gold watch in my fob, with a gold chain and seals. I endeavoured to get into the British Press office, but they kept shoving me about from one side to the other, some of them crying out,
"The Sheriff." Mr. Sheriff Parkins was passing in his carriage; about that time I felt them pulling at my watch, I resisted, and in the struggle, I could imperfectly distinguish the face of the person who was pulling at it. The watch was buttoned in my fob, they tore my breeches in getting it out; the moment they got it, he gave a signal, and all dispersed in a body. The prisoner has a great similarly in countenance to the one who took it, but I think he is an inch and half shorter.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Your opinion is, that he is not the man. - Q. Not the man who robbed me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILFRED PARKINS
               



            , ESQ. I was passing in my carriage at this time. On first coming from Bridge-street, I saw a large gang, and kept my eye on them all through the street, and as we came through Temple-Bar, somebody was hustled, and opposite Southampton-street there was an interruption, by carts going along, and there was a considerable noise close to my carriage window. I looked that way, and saw Mr. Middleton hustled by the same gang. An officer had got hold of one of the gang, and was knocked down, and the man rescued - he came very near my window, and I had a full view of his face - he was very well dressed - that was not the prisoner, but he went off in company with the prisoner, as I believe; he came out of the crowd with the man, and accompanied him along the street. I do most certainly think the prisoner is the man. I described him to an officer - I will not swear that he isthe man - I never saw him again till the day His Majesty last went to the House of Lords - he was then taken on this charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable of Pancras. I was with Taylor in Bridge-street, and saw a gang of about eighteen - we followed, and watched them through Temple-Bar. I was behind the Sheriff's carriage, and saw Mr. Middleton endeavouring to get into the True Briton Office; he was surrounded, and being hustled by a gang. I called Taylor, and pushed in among them, and collared a man who had Mr. Middleton's pocket-book, and was putting it under his coat - that was not the prisoner - the pocket-book dropped, and I was knocked down; and he got away. I cannot say positively that the prisoner was there at that time. I apprehended the prisoner the last time the King went to the House, from a description given me by Mr. Parkins. I had seen him several times after, but was not ordered to apprehend him before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was only present at his apprehension.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. I was in company with Colton, and saw the gang in Bridge-street. I know the prisoner was in the gang there, and in Fleet-street. I do not think I noticed him beyond Temple-bar - I was abreast of Mr. Middleton when he was robbed, but could not distinguish the prisoner then.
MR. PARKINS re-examined. After he was apprehended, and before he went before the Magistrate, he sent a messenger requesting to see me - I went and saw him at a public-house opposite the office. I asked what he had to say - he solicited my consideration for his wife and family. I told him I could have no consideration for them - I must perform my duty, and that I hoped he would prove himself to have been somewhere else on that day - he said he could not.
JURY, to COLTON. Q. When you apprehended him did you recollect his person as being one of the gang - A. Yes; I had known him many years - he was one of the gang.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
