





349. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     McLAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 11 loaves of bread, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Todd
                  




               
            , his master
.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  TODD
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Queen-street, May-fair - the prisoner was my weekly servant
, and lived in my house. On the 3d of January, Mr. Gunter sent for me - he said he thought all was not right with my man, and asked me to bring the returns of the bread which the prisoner left with him for three days - I took this memorandum from the book, of what the prisoner directed me to set down, and took it to Mr. Gunter's on the Friday evening. The account is, "Wednesday, 5 quarterns; Thursday, 6 quarterns, and Friday, 6 quarterns" - I told the prisoner there was some mistake in the account, and we went to Mr. Gunter's together; he was at dinner, and the officer took the prisoner in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLING
               



            . I live with Mr. Gunter. The prisoner used to bring bread to our house. On Wednesday, the 3d of January, he left one loaf; on Thursday, two; and on Friday, three: I am certain he delivered no more; I had been particularly desired by Mr. Gunter, to take in the bread on those three days, and I did so.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday, the 5th of January, I went to Mr. Todd's at six o'clock - he called in the prisoner to give an account of his bread - he came in, and Mr. Todd took the account down; I heard him say, "To Mr. Gunter, 6 loaves to-day, and 6 yesterday" - I was sitting in the room at the time: we then went down to Mr. Gunter's, but he was not there - I took the prisoner to the office, and in going along, he said he should not have set down so many, if the cook had challenged him: but some servants allowed them to make a loaf or two. I asked what he did with it - he said he sold it to people in the street for 1d. or 2d. less than the value, and sometimes gave them to persons in the trade who were out of work.
Prisoner's Defence. It was a mistake - it must have been stolen out of my basket; my master knows what my character has been.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  TODD
               



            . His character has been very correct till this happened - he had been twelve months with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
