





358. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, one trunk, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stringer
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRINGER
               



            . I am servant
 to 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



            , who is a Hampstead carrier
. On the 6th of April I left my cart at the corner of Friday-street and Watling-street


, while I went to make enquiry at the Bell Inn in Friday-street. I was not absent two minutes, and on my return I found the trunk gone. It was directed to Captain Moore, South Moulton, Devon. I saw it next day at the Mansion House - it had not been uncorded.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a jobbing porter, and live in Thames-street. The prisoner brought a trunk to me, and said
"Old man, will you carry this trunk?" - I am certain he is the man. I borrowed a knot, he helped it on to the knot, and told me to carry it to Whitechapel. He walked before me about twelve yards - I then called to him not to go so fast, as I could not follow him. He went down Lower Thames-street, Pudding-lane, and into Botolph-lane. An officer stopped him, and asked if the trunk belonged to him? he said No - the officer then asked me if he was my master? I said he had employed me to carry the trunk - the officer detained him. I followed them to the Mansion House, and attended on Saturday, when Stringer claimed it.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  MILES
               



            . I am an officer. On Thursday, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in Distaff-lane,and saw the prisoner running down the Old Change, with the trunk on his back, I followed him into Thames-street, and saw him deliver it to Davis - I stopped him in Botolph-lane, and asked him if the trunk belonged to him - he said No. I secured him and the porter said he had employed him. I did not secure him when I first saw him, because I was carrying some prints.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a gentleman, who asked me to carry it, he afterwards took it off my back, and gave it to the porter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
