






120. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, fifty yards of stuff, value 4 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Graham
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Graham
               



            , linen-draper
, Regent-street


. On the 5th of November, there was a pile of stuffs two feet within the door. About a quarter past five o'clock, while I was attending to a lady, I heard them fall down - I jumped over the counter, ran to the door, and on the other side of the street saw a great many people, and a stranger produced four pieces of stuff. I gave them to the officer.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . On the 5th of November I was in Regent-street, with Griffiths. I first saw the prisoners, in company with another, in King-street, Holborn, and followed them to Regent-street; they passed Mr. Graham'sshop several times, at last Thomas went up, stepped in at the door, and laid hold of the stuffs, the pile fell, he crossed over, and Griffiths laid hold of him. I ran over; he got from Griffiths, and dropped them. I followed him, returned and picked them up. I saw Wilson coming towards me; he pretended to be looking in at a doorway. I took him; he had a green bag, and was watching while Thomas took the stuff.
Prisoner WILSON. Q. How long was it before you took me - A. About three minutes; I took him at the end of Conduit-street, returning. Thomas ran towards Oxford-street.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I was with Reardon, and watched the prisoners and another man into Regent-street. I saw Thomas take the stuffs from the door; he ran over towards me - I laid hold of him with three pieces under his arm; he dropped them, got away, and ran down Conduit-street. A man ran out of a shop, and took him - Wilson was with him. I watched them all the way; he stood a few yards from the door, with a bag, ready to receive them. All three ran off together as soon as they were taken. I picked a bag up which Wilson dropped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILSON'S Defence. Does it appear feasible that I should stop on the spot ten minutes, which I did.
THOMAS'S Defence. I was walking down Conduit-street, heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran with the rest of the party.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
