






Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2144. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MACKENZIE
               




             & 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 6 pairs of stockings, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gillett
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  GILLETT
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Gillett, who is servant
 to the Duke of Sussex - we live in Somerset-terrace


, where I keep a haberdasher's shop. On the 20th of October, about three o'clock, I received information, and missed six pairs of stockings from my window - I had seen them safe five minutes before; a pane of glass had been broken two months before, and a piece of glass placed before it with some putty - that had been broken, so that any body could have taken the stockings; the prisoners were brought to my shop in about five minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live next door to the prosecutor. About three o'clock that afternoon I saw the two prisoners, and watched them some time; I told my wife and son, who watched them - my son said,"They are at the window now;" I heard glass break, and saw the two prisoners run towards London - I ran out, and saw one of them throw down a bundle of stockings; I am not quite sure which it was - I ran after them- two other persons stopped them, and brought them back; I had not lost sight of them at all - a woman took up the stockings; they were the same the prisoner threw down.


                  RICHARD 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MACKENZIE'S Defence. I had been to Brentford for work, and was running to make haste - I ran by the shop, and heard Stop thief! called, and this gentleman came and took hold of me.
MACKENZIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
