






1221. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MARONEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FINNERTY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, two scarfs, value 16 s.; one apron, value 1 s.; one handkerchief, value1 s.; one ball of cotton, value 1 s., and one brush, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Elcom
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  ELCOM
               



            . On the 6th of August I was stopping at a friend's, who keeps the Hare and Hounds, public-house, Baltick-street


. About half-past eight o'clock in the morning, the room door was broken open, and my box containing this property taken out; the box was brought home empty that night, I suspected the prisoners. They did not belong to the house.


                  JOHN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I was sent for, and went to a house in Ivy-street, St. Giles's, and found these things carelessly thrown down. I took 
               
                  Mary 
                  Maloney
               



             and Lyons in custody, they were admitted as evidence. I then took Maroney, he told me that he planned to rob the house, that he and three more boys took the box to Finnerty's lodgings. Mrs. Maloney lives in the parlour where I found the things. Finnerty was taken a few days after.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the morning of the robbery, I accompanied Bartlett to the house and found the property.


                  MARY 
                  MALONEY
               



            . I live in Ivy-street, St. Giles's, near George-street, I live in the cellar. Lyon's called me to give her a light in the passage, I came up, there was a barrow in the passage, and a blue box between the handles of it; whether Maroney or Lyons took it into Lyons's room, I cannot say. The box was opened, and Maroney took the things out, tied them up, and took them away; he said, he got them from the Hare and Hounds, public-house. I told Lyons they were stolen, and it was a shame, and told the neighbours. She took the box to Elcom's after it was emptied - they took all the things out, and took them away. Finnerty was in the passage, but not in the room; next morning, the articles stated in the indictment were found in the passage where the barrow stood.


                  LEWIS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I apprehended Finnerty between twelve and one o'clock at night, on the 9th.
FINNERTY'S Defence. Mrs. Maloney said, she would have nothing to do with it, but she got half a pint of gin for it.
MARONEY. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FINNERTY. - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
