





1338. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one watch-chain, value 2 l.; six seals, value 10 l., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Blount
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

EDWARD BLOUNT, ESQ
. I was on a visit at the Duke of Norfolk's. On the 2d of October, between two and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking up St. James's-street


, and was hustled by a number of men; as soon as I released myself, I got into an alley near the spot, and saw two or three men running down the street; a person said I had lost my watch. I found the watch safe, but the chain and seals gone; next day Gook produced them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner at Hyde Park Corner, about four o'clock; a procession was returning from Brandenburgh House - he was in company with about ten more, they took posession of the left side of Piccadilly, and attempted to hustle several people. The whole gang went into St. James's-street. I saw them surround Mr. Blount, and hustle him by Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hreries
               



            's banking house. I saw the seals in the hand of one of the party - they were then pulling at them. I saw them give way, and jumped in among them - the prisoner was near Mr. Blount - three of them ran towards the palace, he was the foremost of them. I followed, shoved him in among the soldiers, and said
"Give me what you have got." He gave me the chain and seals from his right hand.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
