





89. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 2 shirts, value 7s.; 2 caps, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Mabbott
               




            .
HARRIET MABBOTT. I am the wife of John Mabbott, of London-terrace, Hackney-road


. The prisoner was servant
 to Mr. Lynn, who lives in the house. On the 5th of November I washed some shirts and other things, and hung them out at half-past two or three o'clock - I saw them safe at four, and at half-past five they were gone; I asked the prisoner if she had taken them in - she said No: I said,"Are you joking?" she said, "I am not - upon my soul, I have not been out of the kitchen this evening;" I went and told my husband of it, and said no more - but on the 23rd I saw the prisoner with my petticoat on; I said nothing to her then, but mentioned it to a lady, and then got a search-warrant: she was apprehended in the kitchen - the officer searched her, and she gave him some duplicates out of a little bag in her pocket, and told me if I would go up stairs with her, she would give me two caps, if I would not hurt her; she gave me two caps out of her box - this neck-handkerchief, which I had lost, was found on the kitchen-dresser.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.When did you go and ask for 10s. to settle it? A. Her master, Mr. Lynn, came and asked if 10s. would settle it. I had had no quarrel with her about washing the stairs, nor any gentlemen coming there; she was not in the habit of wearing my clothes - I never wore hers: I never drank with her -I have never put any of my clothes on her; I wanted to try a petticoat body on her before I went for the warrant, that I might be sure whether it was mine - I know this petticoat by its having a button-hole on the hand.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner - I cut off her pocket, and in her pocket I found this duplicate of a shirt, pawned on the 19th of November, the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Masters
               



            .
Q.Was Mrs. Mabbott sober? A. Yes, perfectly so.
GEORGE HIGHAM. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Mr. Harris', in Hackney. I produce the shirt for which I gave this duplicate; I cannot say who pawned it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She has offered to lend me her petticoat, and has done so - as to the shirt, I did not know it was hers.
THOMAS LYNN. I live at No. 21, Hackney-road, and am married. The prisoner was in my service on the 23rd of November, and has been so these two years; the prosecutrix was a lodger of mine - there was an intimacy between her and the prisoner; I have come and caught my servant in her apartment, and I have said, "Don't be so thick with the lodgers, for bye and bye you will be quarrelling;" the prisoner cannot read or write - she has pawned things for me, and did not know but that this shirt was mine; before she was taken she told me she had pawned a shirt - I remember her being taken; Mrs. Mabbott said she was very sorry, but she would not hurt her if I would pay for the shirt, and for the officer, that it would not come to above 10s., and she would not go up to the office, and as to her caps, she said she might have them for what she had done for her; I have known her to wear Mrs. Mabbott's clothes, and Mrs. Mabbott has worn hers: if she was discharged I would take her again.
COURT. Q. Is your wife here? A. No - I am a bricklayer and builder; she said she took a shirt and pawned it- when I have seen them drinking together, I cannot say that I have not taken a drop with them; I did not think it odd that Mrs. Mabbott should wish to be compensated, if she had not lost a shirt, but I said to her, "You are one as bad as the other;" I have no reason to believe the prosecutrix ever pawned my property - I did not know whether it was my shirt; I never saw it: I would not compound a felony - I thought it was mine; I do not look or count over my shirts - I leave all that to her: I did not know whether it was mine - she might have wanted a few shillings; I did not authorize her to pawn any property of mine on the 4th of November, nor between the 4th and the 23rd - she was at liberty to pawn any thing when she wanted it; she was a very honest girl: my wife has left me these three years.
JOSEPH FORRESTER. I know the prisoner and Mrs. Mabbott - I went to Mr. Lynn's, and Mabbott let me in: I went down into the kitchen to Lynn, and Lynn went up to the parlour, which Mr. Mabbott occupies - Lynn called me up, and I saw Mrs. Mabbott there; she said she was sorry that any thing should occur, and if Mr. Lynn would pay 5s., which she had paid for a shirt in lieu of the one pawned, and something as a consideration for the officer, she would not appear at Worship-street, any further than to have her discharged; I said, "I suppose 10s. will do?" she said Yes, 10s. would he plenty - I said, "What have you lost?" she said the shirt was the principal thing that Jane had washed for her, and she did not care about them; she said Jane had the petticoat on, and she wanted to fit a body on, or something of that - she did not say any thing to me about stealing the clothes; I had seen them together once or twice before, when I have gone there on business - I have observed them in company, and as it were, connected together in one room or the other.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
