





1163. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TRINDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Mark-lane. On the 19th of July, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was returning home, and in Holborn, close to Fetter-lane


, I felt something at my pocket - upon turning round I saw the prisoner close to me; I collared him, and said,
"You rascal, what do you mean by picking my pocket?" I saw my handkerchief fall on the edge of the pavement; it could have fallen from nobody but him. I dragged him to the spot, picked it up, and called Watch! but none came. I took him to St. Andrew's watch-house, and no watchman was to be found in all that way. I gave him in charge to Harrison, the Marshalsman, at the watch-house, as nobody but him was there. He begged forgiveness, and tried to escape.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not two others near me - A. Nobody was near enough to drop it but him.


                  JOHN 
                  BAPTIST MITCHELL
               



            . I am a teacher of languages, and live in Rupert-street. I was passing by, and saw a great many people of bad description round the prosecutor. I called the watch for two or three minutes together - none came, and when I returned to the prisoner, he fell on his knees, and begged to be forgiven; said it was the first time, and that he would do so no more. I saw the handkerchief picked up.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . He was given in my charge at the watch-house with the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When I begged to be let go, I said he should not take an innocent person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
