






1914. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SCASEBROOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September

, 1 pair of trousers, value 19s.
             the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Oram
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     DYNAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  SIMPSON 
                  NOAKES
               



            . I am a chymist. On the 17th of September, I was passing Newgate-street



, and saw the prisoner Scasebrook take a pair of trousers, from the inside of Mr. Oram's shop door. as he stood in the street, and run down Bagnio-court with them; I went into the shop, told the young man, pursued with him, and saw Scasebrook about half way down Bagnio-court, about twenty yards from the prosecutor's, and secured him - he had not got the property then; I took him - I am certain of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  JARMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of James Oram, a tailor and draper. Noakes informed me these trousers were taken about one o'clock - I went with him to Bagnio-court; he pointed out the prisoner, who I secured and took to the shop; I afterwards saw the trousers at Guildhall - they were hanging inside the door.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am a printer. On the 17th of September I was coming through Smithfield, and heard a man was taken up for stealing a pair of trousers, and a young man who was with me, named Ford, asked me to go to Mrs. Dynam's - in consequence of what he said, I went to her house in Field-lane, and asked her for a pair of trousers which Ford had left there - she asked me to come down to her other shop in Field-lane; I went, and she placed me in the back yard, fastened me in, and in two minutes they brought them to me, and as I came out of the door, she herself told me I was not to say where they came from, for they were a poor pair, not worth 2s.; I brought them to Scasebrook's mother, who was in West-street, and I was taken in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are in a respectable way of life? A. No; I am an unfortunate lad- I own I have been twice in Bridewell; the last time was twelve months ago - I was not out two days before I was taken to the House of Correction, and since that I have been twice at Guildhall; I am now in custody - I was in Newgate six months ago; I am seventeen years old.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SCASEBROOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DYNAM - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
