





953. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, a coat, value 15 s.; a hat, value 5 s.; eight shillings, and two sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark
                        



                     
                  ; and sixty penny pieces
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     West
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating the coat, hat, and penny pieces to belong to the 
               Overseers of the poor of St. James, Clerkenwell

            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am master of Clerkenwell workhouse




. The prisoner has been a pauper there from his infancy, being rather deformed. On Wednesday morning, the 21st of May, between five and six o'clock, the gate-keeper called me; I found the lodge broken open, and the prisoner was missing. I found he had got out at the back gate, as the key had been taken from the lodge. We found him on Friday, intoxicated, with Clark's coat on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am porter
 at the gate. I saw the prisoner last about ten o'clock, when he went to bed. I got up between five and six o'clock in the morning, found the lodge door open, and 9 s. of mine, and a coat and hat stolen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am porter at the house. I saw the prisoner between eight and nine o'clock at night, and about five o'clock in the morning I saw the gates had been opened, and the prisoner gone.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the workhouse gate, and all of a sudden the prisoner came and struck at me with a stick - I got up, and said "Cooley, why do you serve me in this way?" he said, "I did not mean it for you, I meant to have killed that old b - r, Clark." The stick had lead at the end of it - he was very drunk.
(Coat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I claim that coat. I was at the Nagg's Head, public-house, at Enfield, and bought it of a man for 3 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
