






1352. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROSETTA
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GILMORE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a certain person unknown, from his person
            .
JOHN MURREY. I am a letter-cutter, and live at Westminster. On the 30th of May, at half-past ten o'clock at night, I was near Furnival's-inn, Holborn


; I saw the two prisoners together - Rosetta put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and took out a silk handkerchief; Rosetta, Gilmore, and another person crossed over, and I saw them all looking at it - I went to Simons, the watchman; he asked me to assist him in taking them - I look Gilmore, and he took Rosetta - I said, "The other has the handkerchief," but he got away; the watchman gave me the two prisoners, and went after the other, but could not find him - I went up Holborn after the gentleman; he was with a friend - they were both intoxicated; I wanted him to come back, but he said, "D-n the handkerchief, I will take no trouble about it."


                  CHARLES 
                  SIMONS
               



            . I am a watchman. Murrey gave me information - I saw three persons together; I took Rosetta, and the third ran away - I gave Rosetta to the witness, and followed him up Union-court, into George-alley, but he got away; in the mean time, the prisoners were taken to the watch-house; I was beset by twenty bad characters in George-alley, and I believe if I had not made my escape, I should have been killed.
GILMORE'S Defence. I was coming home - I was taken hold of, and shoved into the watch-house; I was searched, but nothing found - I never saw this prisoner in my life.
Two witnesses gave Rosetta a good character.
ROSETTA - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
GILMORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
