





1115. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 2 fan-lights, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Woodward 
                     Turner
                  




               
            ; and that he at the delivery of the King's gaol of Newgate for the Country of Middlesex, at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, on the 5th day of April, in the 8th year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord the King, was convicted of Felony.
JOHN SULLIVAN. I am a watchman. On the 1st of May, at a quarter-past ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner pass my beat with these fan-lights on his shoulder, near Bainbridge-street - I followed, and told him to put them down; I asked him where he got them - he said at his master's, and he was going to Ely-place, Holborn - I wanted him to tell me where his master lived; he put them down, and ran away; I pursued, and took him, without losing sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANSTED
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  James 
                  Woodward
               



             Turner - he lives in Well-street, Oxford-street, about a quarter of a mile from Bainbridge-street. These fan-lights were taken from a building of his in George-street, Hampstead-road - they are his property; two doors had been taken, which have not been found since - Mr. Turner had seen them safe the night before; I had seen them about a week before.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming out of a lodging-house and the watchman took me to the watch-house, he then brought the fan-lights there - I know nothing about them.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I produce a copy of the conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Shelton's office - (read) -I was at the trial, and know he is the same man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
