





760. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHELTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 7 cloaks, value 14l.
             the goods of 
               
                  William Waldegrave 
                  Packer
               




            .
WILLIAM WALDEGRAVE PACKER. I am an undertaker
, and live in Whitechapel-road. On the 12th of December, I had a funeral of Mr. James Bates.


                  HANNAH 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. This funeral was performed on the 12th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon - the corpse laid in our shop, and was to be buried about a quarter of a mile from our house; the prisoner came the day after the corpse came - he merely looked at it - appeared to shed tears over it, and he agreed with a man named Bone, who came with him, as to the orders he had given for the interment - Bone has not been seen since; Bone ordered ten cloaks in the prisoner's presence - he said thirty persons would come, but only ten would follow as mourners, and my husband was to prepare the cloaks; the prisoner came again next day, but only stood on the step, while the other man talked to me a little. On the day of the funeral, it had gone on with only two mourners - the prisoner and Bone came soon after, and said, "We have met your husband and the corpse, on the other side of the way, and he desires you will tie two cloaks on our shoulders; but we won't wait for hatbands; and he will wait in the street for us." I did so, believing my husband had sent them - they went away with the two cloaks - the prisoner returned in about three minutes without a cloak, and said their overlooker from the docks, was coming up the road from the docks, with some more of the men, and as 7l. had been raised for the funeral, they did not like them to appear without cloaks; I was to give him what cloaks I had got on my arm, and my husband would wait for them - I gave him all I had on my arm - I thought there were six, but he says there was but five; I have only seen one since - I am sure he said he came by my husband's authority.


                  ROBERT 
                  HENRY BURGESS
               



            . I am an officer. I received information on the 14th of January - I went to the Bull's head public-house, and took the prisoner there; heacknowledged to me next morning, that he had had the cloaks, but did not know what became of them, for he got tipsy, and lost them.
WILLIAM WALDEGRAVE PACKER. On the 12th of December I went on with the corpse; I met Bone and another man, who, I think, was the prisoner, with shovels in their hands; I went up to a mourner named Dawes, and said, "There are two of your men" - he said, "We cannot wait for them" - we went on and interred the corpse; when I returned, my wife enquired for the cloaks - I had sent nobody whatever to her for cloaks, or any thing - the whole story was false: the prisoner said at the office he did not know what had become of them, for some girls of the town put them on; one cloak has been returned - that was taken off Bone's bed, and brought to me by Dawes.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was there with Bone - I went with one Scroggins to see the corpse; I called at a public-house, and left about a dozen shovels there - I had met the men following the corpse; they said I might come if I liked - I said No, I would go to the house we were to meet at afterwards; I went next morning to Dawes' house - he said Bone had been to the funeral, and had not returned the cloaks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
