






1689. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 watch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Whiteman
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WHITEMAN
               



            . I am a milkman
, and live in Catherine-street, Lisson-grove


. On the 24th of August, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners together, within a yard of my house - I was a few yards off, talking to a person - I then missed Ward, and saw him come out of my shop - Edwards was sitting down on the step of my door - I am sure they were in company before; my shop door was open - my wife came out after Ward. and said to me, "Why don't you mind the shop, this man was in the parlour;" I then went in and missed the watch from the parlour, which was safe between nine and ten o'clock. I went in pursuit, and took Edwards about one hundred yards off, in two minutes; he had turned a corner; Ward was gone then; he was taken that evening.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you hear your wife say any thing to Ward? A. Yes; she asked what he did there; he said, "He came for a halfpenny worth of milk;" he spoke to Edwards, and they went away - no other person had been in the shop after I saw it safe - Ward had no business in the parlour.
Prisoner EDWARDS. Q. Did I make any resistance? A. No; I can swear to Ward.


                  SARAH 
                  WHITEMAN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife; I saw the watch last a little after ten o'clock; I left the shop about two minutes and went into the yard, with some dirty water; I came in again and saw Ward in the parlour; I said, "What do you want?" he said, "A halfpenny worth of milk;" he had a halfpenny in his hand; I said, We had none, and he went out - I walked out and told my husband he had been into the room; nobody else had been there since I had seen the watch - I saw Edwards sitting on the step, and heard Ward say to him, "They have no milk," and both went away together; I went in and missed the watch.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was Ward from where the watch was? A. About a yard or three-quarters; it is a small room; he walked out leasurely. I swear the watch was there at half-past ten o'clock - it did not go, but we had a clock in the room - I did not leave the room till I went into the yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Ward on the day of the robbery; he denied the charge - the watch has not been found.
Q. Did he not go of his own accord to the office? A Yes; I took him there.
EDWARDS' Defence. They swore before the Magistrate, they had not seen the watch after nine o'clock; then they altered it to ten and eleven - I came by and stopped to tie up my shoe; I went on; he came and saidhe wanted me, on suspicion of stealing the watch; no person had been with me.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
