





1289. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 2 l.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Franks
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANKS
               



            . I live at Hoxton


. On the 27th of September, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was very near the Tabernacle, and opposite a pawnbroker's-shop there is a small alley, seven or eight young men were by the shop; I was walking briskly, and just as I came up to the corner I observed three who were taller then the rest, the others appeared boys; they stood between the posts, two rushed on me, and in a moment my watch was gone - I saw them coming up, but did not suspect them, they were both close to me - I halloo'd Stop thief! and an officer took the prisoner down the alley, they all ran down there - the prisoner was brought into the pawnbroker's-shop to me, in about ten minutes - I knew him by his waistcoat, which appeared light, he was the nearest to me. I never found my property - I conceive him to be the boy who took it, by his waistcoat, but I am sure he was one of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I heard the cry, and saw the prisoner run fast from Mr. Franks, he had white stockings on, he ran down the alley which is a thoroughfare - I turned back, and caught him at the corner; he was himself calling out Stop thief; I brought him back to the shop, and Mr. Franks said, he was the man who robbed him, and he could swear it. I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up the street, and heard the cry - I called out with the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
