






1705. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TAPP
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DAVIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 7 live tame fowls, price 14s.; 1 basket, value 6d.; 1 cage, value 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2d., and 1 pair of boots, value 2d.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Nash
               




            .
THOMAS NASH. I am a labourer
, and live in Copenhagen-fields


. I kept my fowls in a shed; I lost them on the morning of the 16th of September - they were safe when I went to bed - in the morning, about a quarter to six o'clock, I found the shed open, and the fowls gone; I missed the other property from two different sheds in my yard; the feathers lay about - we traced them across the fields for a mile, to the New Kentish-town road - we there saw the prisoners who I had seen loitering about the premises the night before; they were walking about the hedges - this was a quarter-past six o'clock; Harmon, who was with me, secured them; I have received seven fowls, the boots, shoes, cage, and basket, back.


                  EDWARD 
                  HARMON
               



            . I live near Nash, and went with him on this morning. I had seen the prisoners loitering about the place, the evening before, we found them, by the road; I secured them - they tried to escape; I said,"Where are the fowls?" Davis took the basket off his back, and said, "Here!" Tapp made no answer; there were five fowls in the basket, dead; Tapp had the boots; I delivered them to Nash.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer, and took them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
DAVIS's Defence. I met this man in the fields; he asked me to buy the basket.
TAPP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
