





996. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, one handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Frankland
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MESSRS. BOLLAND and NORTON conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WORRALL
               



            . I am a trunk-maker, and live in Coleman-street. On the 24th of June, about half-past six o'clock, I was at London-bridge


, and met the prisoner, I saw him take Mr. Frankland's handkerchief out of his pocket, and cross the road with it; I crossed directly, and collared him - I said,
"You have picked that gentleman's pocket;" he said,
"For God's sake let me go, there's a good fellow." I called Mr. Frankland; he felt and missed his handkerchief - I asked the prisoner where it was; he said a man threw it into his bosom. A man called out,
"The rascal has got it between his legs," and took it from there and gave it me.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You did not see it picked up - A. No.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FRANKLAND
               



            . I live at Cambridge. I was on London-bridge, on the evening of the 24th of June, about half-past six o'clock. Worrall called me, saying my pocket was picked - I felt and missed my handkerchief. That produced has every appearance of mine. I saw it picked up at his feet. It has no mark on it.
- WALTERS. I am beadle of London-bridge. I saw a crowd, and found the prisoner in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. A young fellow who was before me, threw the handkerchief right in my face.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
