





104. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  REED
               




             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.



                        JOHN 
                        
                        HAIR
                     



                  . My daughter Catherine
               



             was married to the prisoner on the 30th of October last - I gave her away at St. Martin in the Fields - I have searched the register of St. James, Westminster, and produce a certificate of his marriage to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hitchcock
               



            , on the 7th of December, 1818 - I compared it - it is an accurate copy (read). The prisoner spoke to me respecting my daughter before he married her.


                  GEORGE 
                  SERGEANT
               



            . I know the prisoner. On the 7th of December, 1818, I and my wife were present at St. James's, Westminster, when he was married to Mary Hitchcock - they lived together till within the last five weeks; she is now in Court, and very near her confinement.
JOHN HAIR re-examined. When I consented to my daughter's marriage, I do not recollect his saying whether he was single or a widower - he never told me he had been married - he paid his addresses to her about two years, but only three months at my house.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Was there never any report of a former marriage? A. There was, about four months ago; my wife heard of it, but we could learn no foundation for it - she married from my house, but she had lived at a liquor-shop, and he visited her there. There was some little dispute between her and my wife, who is her mother-in-law, and I got her a place - I knew the prisoner was a police-officer of Marlborough-street; he lived near me - I inquired of my daughter about it.
MRS. HAIR. I know the prisoner - he used to come to our house; I heard a report of his having been married, and inquired of my daughter-in-law about him; she said he was not married.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
