





981. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     READ
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, one flock mattress, value 3 s.; one bedstead, value 2 s.; one carpet, value 1 s., and one glass salt cellar, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Applebee
                  




               
            .

MR. CURWOOD conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  APPLEBEE
               



            . I have a garden and garden-house, in the parish of Clerkenwell


. About the 1st of June, I saw these things safe in the summer-house, and missed them on the 2d or 3d; the summer-house was shut up - I found them in the officer's possession. I had written in large letters on the mattress
"Stolen! please to stop it;" with my name and address.
Prisoner. Q. You said at the office, that the summer-house was open - A. I said it was shut, but not locked, the garden gate was locked.


                  CHARLES 
                  MIELL
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of June, about half past one o'clock, at night, I stopped the prisoner in Hackney-fields, with a basket and seven roots of flowers; he had two chissels, a large clasp knife, with a saw in it, in his hand - I asked where he lived, he said, in Mare-street, Hackney - I said, I would go with him, he then said, he did not live there, but in Cotton-gardens, Hackney-road; that he slept there sometimes - I asked if he had any residence of his own, he said, No. I took him to the watch-house, he said, Mr. Hayford would satisfy me about the flowers - I went to Hayford, who directed me to a little cottage opposite his house, which had a padlock on the door; I there found the articles stated in the indictment, the mattress had the words
"Stolen, pray stop it," on it - he told the Magistrate I had no business to ramshackle his house in that way.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYFORD
               



            . I live in Cotton-gardens, Shoreditch. The prisoner occupied the house opposite me, for eight or nine weeks before it was searched; I supper with him there.


                  JOHN 
                  BERRIS
               



            . I am an officer; I got the key of the house from the prisoner's brother-in-law.
Prisoner's Defence. On the morning of the robbery, I called my nephew up at one o'clock; we went to Spa-fields, I went into the carcase of a house, and found these things, if I had followed my nephew's advice, I should never have touched them - I feel that I did wrong, in not informing Applebee.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
