





548. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HEDGES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th December
, 17 pairs of braces, value 8s.; 2 leather straps, value 2s.; 300 brace bits, value 7s.; 2 stocks, value 1s.; 1 piece of leather, value 1s.; 1 sash, value 1s.; 2 knives, value 1s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 6d.; 1 brad-awl, value 2d.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; 2 hammers, value 2s.; 1 pair of nippers, value 1s., and 1 sword knot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Deykin
                     




                  , his master
            .
JOHN DEYKIN. I live in Holborn, and am a sadler
. The prisoner had been in my service as porter
, for about six months - he was employed to receive money for me - he left me on the 17th December. I afterwards went to his lodgings in Drury-lane with an officer; the woman he lived with was there. I found various tools which I had not missed, including the articles stated in the indictment; they hung in his room by the side of his work bench; we took him up in about half an hour afterwards. I accused him of it, and he said if I would forgive him he would tell me all he had done. I said I should not make any promises - he did not then tell me any thing.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you give me these braces out to make? A. I gave him a quantity to make about twelve months ago, and about six months ago he brought in all he had as he said - he used to send the boy with them, and I accused the boy with being two dozen of braces short, and the prisoner said he had given them to my boy.
COURT. Q. Did you allow him to have work at home? A. Yes, but I knew these 17 pairs of braces were not taken in the course of that employ, because he had taken them all in - about one dozen pair of them were unfinished, and these five pair were some he had no hand in making.
Prisoner. These five pair had been put in promiscuously with work I had to take to my mother. Witness. No, he could not, his business was to tie these up. I packed them up, and he must have taken them from a basket in my warehouse. He had nothing to do with them at all, nor with these 300 brace bits - we give the bits and braces together - it is impossible we could have given them to him. He has had nothing to do with them during the last six months - he has been a porter in the house.


                  GEORGE 
                  LILLY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 20th of January I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and these things were found there; the prisoner said nothing about them.


                  JOHN 
                  SCULTHORP
               



            . I went and helped to take the things; I found the prisoner near Somerset-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
