






Before Mr. Justice Park.
2036. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BAKER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 9 pairs of stockings, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Kipling
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLISTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Richard Kipling, hosier
, of the Poultry


. On the 24th of October, between five and six o'clock, I was in the window getting some goods out for a customer, and saw the prisoner Thomas come into the shop, and take nine pairs of stockings off a side counter - he put them under his coat; I jumped out of window, and laid hold of his arms just as he was throwing them into the passage of Mr. Cowling's house, next door but one - I secured him; Herdsfield came across the road - Baker was with him, and when I took hold of his arm, he ran away; Herdsfield took him.
Prisoner THOMAS. At the Mansion-house I asked if he could swear I stole them - he said No, and that he did not see them in my possession. Witness. It is false - I said I saw him take them off the counter, and throw them into the passage.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoners standing together at Mr. Kipling's window - I saw them go from the window very close to the door; they stood and talked together, then went to the window - I did not see the stockings taken, but saw Alliston run out; he took hold of one, and I of the other - they were together then.(Property produced and sworn to.)
THOMAS' Defence. I am a tailor
, and was out of employ; I was going into a tavern to ask for some water when the gentlemen laid hold of me, and said I had stolen the stockings.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
