





75. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     POMROY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, a shirt, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Markham
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HINTON
               



            . I live in a court in Rosemary-lane


. On the 1st of October I employed the prisoner to clean my room, and while she was there, I put a shirt between the bed and sacking; I had it to wash for H. Markham. I went out, leaving her alone in the room; returned in a quarter of an hour, and missed it. I told her of it; she said she had not seen it; I said it was there when I went out, and asked if any one had been there in my absence; she said no. I told her she had got it; she said she had not. I said if she had, and would give it to me, or if she had pawned it I would redeem it, she said she had not seen it. I found it in pawn on the 8th of November.
Prisoner. Q. Did not we pawn it together, and did not you have part of the money - A. It is false.


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORN
               



            . I am headborough. I took the prisoner on the 8th of November, on another charge, and found twelve duplicates on her, one of which was for the shirt, the prosecutrix redeemed it unknown to me.


                  JAMES 
                  LOVE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Williams, Cable-street. On the 1st of October a smock-frock was pawned with me, I call it a smock-frock, because it has an extra collar. I have no recollection of the prisoner.
Q. Do you swear that - A. I do. I have seen her in the shop before, three or four times.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I brought that woman from on board a ship, she has run me into every kind of danger, she brought a man to my room and robbed him of a sovereign. I said I would not have that done in my room, she sent me word yesterday that if she could not transport me, she would get another person that would. I have pawned my things to give her bread, as for the shirt she knew of it as well as I did, she does it entirely out of spite.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HINTON
               



            . On my oath it is false.


                  ELIZA 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, Hinton, the prisoner and myself, all lived in a house together, and when we had no money we pledged our clothes one for the other, as far as it would go, and after that she left usand lived opposite, and brought a duck-frock for Pomroy to pawn for her and her man to buy a breakfast, I did not notice it; it was lined with blue; I believe, she delivered it in my presence.
Q. There was no secret at all about it - A. No, they were good friends. Hinton brought a man in one night, and robbed him. Pomroy found it out and did not like such goings on, and gave her leave to quit the room, this was about three weeks before the frock was brought to pledge; she brought Hinton the money. I think it was 15 d. I believe Pomroy kept the duplicate - See page, 14.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HINTON
               



            . It is false, my Lord. It is made up between the parties. I never delivered her the money. I was not without money; it is all a false report about my bringing a man home; she did not quarrel with me about any man. Clark is an unfortunate woman, I believe.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
