





736. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 12 cocoa-nuts, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jacob Nunes 
                  Castello
               




            .


                  LAWRENCE 
                  BARRY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Castello, a nut-merchant
, who lives in Bevis-marks


; the prisoner was in his service, and had 12s. a week, with his victuals. On the 17th of January, he asked if I was going to dinner- I said, Yes; he said he would put a shilling in my way, and in his own way too; he asked me to take twelve cocoa-nuts to his house; he selected them, counted them, and told me to take them; I told my master of it, and he told me to take them; I then took them to his house, and left them there.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Your master told you to take them? A. Yes, as the prisoner asked me - I knew it was wrong; I did not get my shilling.
JACOB NUNES CASTELLO. The prisoner was my servant
 - I paid him weekly; Barry told me the prisoner had desired him to take some nuts to his house - I then went to the Mansion-house, and got an officer, who followed Barry to the house - these nuts are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. You told him to take them, if the prisoner desired him? A. Yes; the prisoner lived with me about six months - he was formerly in the trade; he was in distress when I took him; I never told him to take what he liked and I should be satisfied if he gave me an account of them - I never gave him leave to sell any.
Q. Did you never go to his house, and say, "Sell those nuts for me?" A. Yes, - that was before he was in my employ; I always paid his wages regularly - he once bought two dozen dry nuts of me.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched by Castello; I followed Barry to Petticoat-lane, to the prisoner's house; I went in afterwards, and the prisoner's mother said there were no nuts, but under the counter I found thirty-one in a basket - twelve of them have milk, the others are all dry.
Prisoner's Defence. I lived with him twice - I gave him an account of all nuts; he told me to take what I pleased, provided I gave him an account of them; I told Barry to take these, but not to steal them - I meant to sell them to some Jew boys.


                  MARY 
                  AULT
               



            . I was servant to the prosecutor. The night before the prisoner was taken I heard the prosecutor say he might take as many cocoa-nuts as he chose, and have them drawn off from his wages at the end of the week - he often said so - he said it every evening when they were talking - I do not live there now; he was to take as many as he could sell, and account for them at the end of the week; I am sure this was said the night before he was taken. Mistress and I fell out, and she gave me warning - I was not before the Lord Mayor.
J. N. CASTELLO. There is no truth whatever in what she says - we parted with her as we thought her intimate with a boy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
