





1334. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, a handkerchief, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Smith
                     




                  ; eight yards of linsey, value 10 s.; a quarter of a yard of calico, value 1 d., and twelve yards of cotton binding, value 4 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Marsh
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            . On the 13th of July I sent two little boys to carry four waistcoats to Mr. Samuel Marsh, and to bring some more work; they returned without it.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . My mother sent me to Mr. Marsh's, in Onslow-street, with a bundle, and my cousin went with me; when we got there he gave us four linsey jackets, and some cotton, to take home; as we were returning we met the prisoner, who asked if we knew where Cannon-street was, and we said Yes; he then asked if we knew the watchmaker's opposite the Church; he then said to me. "Go there, and get a pair of boots and a bundle, which I left there last night; your cousin shall stop here with your bundle, and I will go and get a pint of beer;" I went, and when I returned he was gone, and the bundle.


                  JAMES 
                  BOARDMAN
               



            . I am ten years of age. I went with my cousin to get the things from Mr. Marsh's. I have heard what he has stated; it is true. When he was gone, the prisoner pretended to shove against the door of a public-house, and said "This is not open, we will go to some other." He then went with me to the end of Pennington-street


, and then he told me to go to a shop and ask for a pair of boots and a bundle, which were left there in the name of Silk, the night before, and he would mind my bundle. I said I would rather keep my bundle; and he said "It is not your's, it is your cousin's." He took it from me. I went on to the place, and when I came back he was gone with it.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 13th of July, a little after three o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming along Ratcliff-highway. I stopped him with this bundle under his arm, and asked what it was. He said "Unmade slops for my mother." I asked where she lived - he said up this way. When I got about half way up Blue-coat-fields, he said he was sorry he had told me a lie - that he bought it of a man for two shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it. As for the boy stating what he has now, when he was at the office he stated he did not know who took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
