





1409. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS KING 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 3 hundred printed papers, called magazines, value 3l., and 6 books, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mason
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HOGSFLESH
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Mason
               



            , of No. 14, City-road. On the 29th of June a parcel was made up, containing three hundred magazines and six books, directed to the Rev. 
               
                  James 
                  Bate
               



            , Watlington, and was to go from an inn in Holborn - I think the Bull or the Bell; I sent it by 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Newton
               



             - he was ordered not to give it to the men in the yard, till he had paid the booking of it; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  ISAAC 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am fourteen years of age, and am errand-boy to Mr. Mason. I had a paper parcel of magazines and books on the 29th of June, which I was to take to the Black Bull, Holborn; I had 2d. to book it with, and 2s. to pay the carriage - the prisoner came to me in Benjamin-street, Cow-cross


; he was quite a stranger - he called out to me "Hallo! is not that parcel for Mr. Bate" - I said Yes; he said, "Is it not for the Black Bull, Holborn? what a while you have been coming - I have been to your master's, and he told me to take it of you;" he told me to take it to the bottom of the street where the post was, and then he would take and carry it - I asked if he was to take the money to pay the carriage; he said Yes - I said,
"What is it?" he said 1s. 6d. - I said I had 2s., and I asked him if he had a sixpence; he said No, but he would get it in the public-house - as we were going in he said,
"Oh, that's right - 2s. for the carriage, and 2d. for the booking:" he then took it, and ran- I thought he was making haste with it - I went back to my master's, and the shop was shut up; I went home, and about nine o'clock one of Mr. Mason's porters came to me, and said the constables were waiting for me - I went and told them about it; I saw the prisoner on the Saturday week, in Bunhill-row watch-house - I am quite sure he is the man; there was a plain direction on the parcel, part of it, I believe, was printed; I do not exactly recollect how I carried the direction; I might carry it uppermost.
Prisoner. Q. What dress had I on when I came up to you? A. I did not exactly notice your dress, as I thought there was nothing the matter, but I believe you had a blue coat on - I believe I did say at the office that you had a blue coat on, and I am pretty well sure you had.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 29th of June I was going up Brick-lane, in the evening, and saw the prisoner crossing Old-street-road; he went down a street leading to Baltic-street, and then down some back alleys to Ball-yard, where there is a stable - he went in there, and dropped this parcel; I went in and took him, but he resisted, and got away - I took the parcel, and found where it came from; I had known the prisoner before - he was taken the Friday week afterwards.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you were not certain whether it was that day fortnight or that day week? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I took the parcel to Mr. Mason's - this is the invoice and the paper they were in.
Prisoner's Defence. I was working that day from five o'clock in the morning till twelve at night, at my landlady's request, but she is not here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
