





Before Mr. Recorder.
484. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receivng on the 20th of November
, a 100 l. Bank note, stolen by 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Smith
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        M'Kinnon
                     




                  , he well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS M'KINNON. I am a colour manufacturer
, and live in King Edward-street, Wapping. On the 20th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was going towards home, and was rather the worse, for liquor; I had dined with a friend, at the King's head, public-house, in thePoultry, and had received a 100 l., a 20 l., and a 5 l. Bank note, and put them in my breeches pocket - we then went to an inn in John-street, the Minories; I had three bottles of wine; one or two gentlemen who came in took part of it, and I suppose each of the three persons had a pint each; I had drank nothing at the King's Head; I parted with my friend at the door, and about the end of the Minories, in Whitechapel, I met a woman, and went with her to a house in Chapman-street, Commercial-road, and soon after I got there, she robbed me and ran out of the house like a dart; I felt in my pocket, and my money was gone; I had been with no other woman. I had entered the number of the notes in my memorandum book, the 100 l. was No. 19,834, dated the 11th of October, 1822; I stopped them at the Bank, and in about a month, I was sent for and found the 100 l. note.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I keep a public-house, in Chapel-street, Commercial-road. On the 20th of November, about half past eight o'clock, in the evening, the prisoner came to my house, and asked for a young man, with a round jacket on, who came out and spoke to him, the prisoner said
"Come Jack it is all right," a girl, who went by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            , stood behind the prisoner outside the door, she lived three doors from my house. I knew the prisoner before by sight. I did not hear of the robbery at this time - I have seen the prisoner go in and out of the house, where Smith lived. I have seen her and the prisoner drinking together at my house. The prosecutor came to me about three weeks after, and described the woman to me.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you know who inhabited the house Smith lived in - A. No. It is a house of ill fame. I cannot say, whether the prisoner lived there, but I have seen him go in there; when he came to my house if he had not asked for the man, I should not have particularly noticed him.
COURT. Q. Did Smith, the prisoner, and the man he called all go away in the same direction - A. They appeared to do so, but it was dark. The woman was always called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a clothes salesman, and live in Whitechapel, and know the prisoner. On the 20th of November, about nine o'clock at night, he and a girl who I never saw before, came to my house; he pulled an 100 l. note out of his waistcoat pocket, presented it to me upside down, and asked me what amount it was; I turned it round, and told him it was an 100 l. Bank note - he said,
"Oh! is it;" I turned it round on the blank side; there was an endorsement on the back of it, hardly legible - I could not make out what it was. He put it into his pocket, and then pulled out a 20 l. note, and asked what it was; I told him; that was quite new, and had no endorsement; he then pulled out a new 5 l. note - I told him what that was - he said he would lay out the 5 l. note if I would change the others for him; I refused, and he left the shop. (My house is half or three quarters of a mile from Chapel-street,) I had known him for about four week before, and when he left the shop, suspecting all was not right, I followed him and the girl seven or eight hundred yards off into Rosemary-lane, and lost sight of them all at once. I then went to Whitechapel watch-house, and stated what had happened. Plankett Parteridge, and I went round together after them for three or four hours without success.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Is your's an open shop - A. Yes. There are clothes hanging outside the same as at other shops. I had seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood frequently, and had seen him seven or eight times; he was dressed in a short fustian jacket; I do not know where he lived. I never saw the woman before; she looked like a girl of the town; she had a red whittle on. I had no power to stop him if I had chosen - he could have overcome me. I was tried here some years ago, for fetching three spoons out of pawn, and was acquitted. I have been in the House of Correction, and in Clerkenwell, about a stolen 10 l. note, which I took in my business - I was detained for a fortnight, and then discharged. I was also in prison about a quantity of palms, which I had sold to a slopseller, and when the business of the 10 l. note happened, a person came forward and owned four of the palms, and I was held to bail, tried at Hick's Hall, and was acquitted. I never said that it was another man who brought me the 100 l. note, or that I offered 50 l. for the notes.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am night beadle of Whitechapel. On the 20th of November, Lewis came to me and Parteridge, at the Horse and Groom, public-house, which is opposite the watch-house, about a quarter past nine o'clock, and said, a man and a girl had been to his house with a 100 l., a 20 l., and a 5 l. note; he described their persons, and said, the man wanted to lay out the 5 l. note, if he would change the others, we went with him in search of them for above an hour, and from the description he gave me, I said who I thought they were, I saw the prosecutor next day, and he shewed me the house where he was robbed.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know who inhabits the house - A. No. Lewis said he followed them to Rosemary-lane. I was looking for the prisoner, but never saw him after this, till he was apprehended. I have known him seven years, I never knew him in custody but once, that was about a robbery at the Dundee Arms. Lewis said the woman had a red whittle on.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank, and produce a 100 l. note, No. 19,834, dated the 11th of October, 1820, it is endorsed,
"R. Williams," but is a good deal blotted.


                  HOWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . The note was blotted in this manner. I can swear to it, by the name of Hoares on the front.
THOMAS M'KINNON. This is my 100 l. Bank note.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. Were you not very drunk - A. Not very. I should know the woman again, there was another woman in the house, but she did not come near me. I gave her no money, for she run away; I went to Lewis about three weeks after, he said, he had seen this man before, and had given information to the officers.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman. I apprehended the prisoner from Plunkett's information, on the 10th of January, and told him it was for a robbery, that he was concerned with a woman, who went by the name of
"Stiff Poll," who stole 129 l.; he said he knew nothing about it; I know that he lived with that woman. The prosecutor's description of the woman, answers her description.
Prisoner's Defence. At the first examination, Lewis said he did not know the number of the notes, nor on what night it happened, till he was taken to the Bank, and then he saw the note.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
