






Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
505. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GLOVER
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Warner
                     




                  , on the 5th of January
, and stealing 1 coat, value 25s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 22s.; 2 waistcoats, value 18s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 gown, value 9s.; 1 shawl, value 8s. and 1 feather, value 3s.
            , his property.


                  RICHARD 
                  SKILLERN
               



            . I am conductor of the Bow-street patrol. On the 5th of January, about a quarter to eight o'clock at night, I and Wilson met the prisoners coming down Quaker-street, Spitalfields, in company together, each had a bundle in his hand; I took Glover - Wright directly threw down his bundle and ran away; Wilson ran after him - I picked up Wright's bundle and asked Glover how he came by those bundles; he said they were clothes belonging to his father; that he had been to his aunt's in Long-alley, who gave them to him for his father, who had left them there; I asked what Wright was, who had run away - he said he was his brother; I asked what made him run away if they were his father's clothes; he said he was so timid, he always ran away. I had never seen him in custody before - Wilson returned without taking him; I took Glover to a public-house, and found in his hat a shaw I and some feathers, which he said were his mother's; I took him to the watch-house, and then went and took Wright at his father's.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you tell Glover that what he said would be used against him? A. No. nor did I either threaten or promise him - he said he lived with his father.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Skillern. I could not overtake Wright; Glover informed us where to find him - we went that night, and took him at his father's; I asked if he was the boy who ran away - he at first said he was not, and then that he was.

WILLIAM WARNER. I live in Horse Shoe-alley


. On the 5th of January my wife brought me my tea, and said several people had been there, inquiring after different names - that she went out, and found the door open when she returned; I went home with her about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and found the door half open - I missed this property, which I know was safe the day before, in the box; the property in both bundles is mine. I cannot say whether the house was fastened.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the value of the property? A. My things are worth about 4l. 10s. - the waistcoat is worth 12s. - it is quite new; the breeches 10s., the coat 12s., and here is another waistcoat, worth 5s., but they cost me 6l. 10s. I was married at St. Luke's about seven weeks before the prisoner was taken - my wife's maiden name was Merrott.


                  MATILDA 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I went out at a quarter to six o'clock - these things were there then; I left nobody in the house - I shut the door, and took my husband his tea; I did not lock it - the windows in my room were shut: I had to come back for my work - the clock struck six when I was in Liverpool-street, coming home; I found the street door open - I am certain I had shut it; it goes on a latch; I did not go in, but went for my husband, who was working at the livery-stables; I waited till he was paid - he went into the house before me; we found the box pulled from under the bed: there are lodgers in the house - we only rent one room; an old lady lives up stairs - I cannot say whether she was at home. I value my things at 9s.
Cross-examined. Q. You were married seven weeks ago, were you? A. Yes.
GLOVER's Defence. I had been from my master's to my aunt's at the same house as these people live in - my aunt rents it; a man who stood at the door gave me two bundles, told me to take them and wait at the top of Longalley, as my father and him were going to sea - I waited a long time, nobody came, and I returned to the house; nobody was there - I went to my mother; she said she thought they were not got honestly, and told me to take them back; the officer took me as I was returning -Wright, being frightened, ran off.
WRIGHT's Defence. I met Glover, who asked me to carry one bundle back to Long-alley, when the officers met us; not knowing anything of the property I flung it down, ran home, and told the prisoner's mother that he was taken.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TAYLOR
               



            . On the 5th of January I was at my aunt's (Mrs. Glover) - Wright works in the shop; I was talking to him from six o'clock till a quarter to seven, when the robbery was committed; I did not see him after seven: Warner's house is a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes' walk; I had not seen Glover after three - the clock struck seven before I left.
GLOVER - GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WRIGHT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
