





116. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, a quilt, value 8 s.; a bed-tick, value 4 s.; 30 lbs. of feathers, value 3 l.; four bags, value 2 s.; and a wrapper value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live at Aldgate


. The prisoner was eighteen months in my service, at 15 s. per week - I missed this property, with considerably more.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM HUMBLE
               



            . I am a milkman, and served the prisoner's wife with milk. They lived in North-street, Globe-lane; they owed me some money, and brought my wife a duplicate; I was not present, but when I came home I found a duplicate of two blankets and a counterpane; I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and told her I would have nothing to do with the duplicate, but would keep it till they paid me; there was only one blanket in pawn instead of two, as the ticket stated. I asked him to go with me to the pawnbroker's to rectify it; he said he was too ill. I gave Lee the duplicate.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARR
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and have known the prisoner nine months; he lodged in the same house as me for six months, in the one pair back room; he came to my room, and asked me to accept of the duplicate of a bed-tick, pawned for 7 s.; I did so; and when I heard he was taken I delivered it up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARRE
               



            . I am servant to 
               Mr. Muncaster
            , pawnbroker, Skinner-street. I have a bed-tick pawnedon the 24th of March, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            , by a woman; the duplicate produced is what I gave her.


                  JOHN 
                  SPOONER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Williamson. I have a blanket and quilt, pawned in November, 1822, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            . We have taken the business of Mr. Stevens.


                  BETSY 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Walker. I know this bed-tick to be my work - I made it some time in March.
Cross-examined. Q. How many have you made - A. I can make five in a day - I have been five years in Mr. Walker's service.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. Carr gave me a duplicate. I took the prisoner at his lodging, in Globe-fields, on the 13th of October, and found a bed-tick, several feather beds, and a quantity of duplicates for bed-ticks, pillows, and bolsters; the bags had feathers about them. I told him he had property there which did not belong him; he said, if so, it was more than he knew. I found a quilt, and an old bed-tick full of new feathers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
