





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
501. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FRANKLIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 4 candlesticks, value 8l., the goods of 
                     
                        James Bernard 
                        Dew
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MRS. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  DEW
               



            . I am the wife of James Bernard Dew. We live in Claremont-terrace. Pentonville


. On the 4th of February I saw the prisoner in our fore-court, going out at the gate; I saw some candlesticks under his apron; I alarmed Collins, the servant; she ran out, and in about twenty minutes he was brought back with these four canclesticks, which are worth 8l.; they were very lately bought, and we gave that for them; I had seen them in the kitchen half an hour before.


                  SARAH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dew. My mistress alarmed me; I missed the candlesticks off the kitchen dresser; my mistress said it was a short man, and directed me which way he was gone; I ran out immediately, and met Harris, who stopped the prisoner, and I saw him (the prisoner) in possession of the candlesticks; I had brought them down stairs half an hour before; they are new, and have not been cleaned yet.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner some time before this happened, crying hare-skins; Collins afterwards alarmed me - I went and came up with him in Amwell-street, a quarter of a mile from this house, with the candlesticks in this bag, over his shoulder; I brought him back, and gave him to Beckley - he was walking very leisurely.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BECKLEY
               



            . On the 4th of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was by the Belvidere public-house, and saw a mob; Harris was holding the prisoner - I took him in charge, and found a jemmy on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.
GUILTY. Aged 28.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
