





1704. 
               
                  THOMAS HOPKINS


               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 hat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Muston
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 hat, value 10s.
            , the goods of the Rev
. 
               
                  
                     Caleb 
                     Morris
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUNT
               



            . On Sunday, the 19th of July, I was at the Independent chapel, Fetter-lane


, in the clerk's pew, and had a good view of the vestry window; I heard it creak, looked towards it, and saw it raising up - I saw the head of a person at the window, and intimated to the clerk what I had seen; the window is in a court, and could be lifted up the person without climbing.


                  RICHARD 
                  AXELBY
               



            . I was at the chapel; my attention was called, and I saw a man getting out of the vestry window with a hat in each hand; I immediately went out of the chapel, round into Cursitor-street and Castle-street, and at the end of Norwich-court, leading into Fetter-lane, I saw the prisoner going deliberately along, with two hats in his hand; when I got within arm's length of him, he saw me, threw them down behind him, and ran off as fast as he could - I followed, calling Stop thief! he had a hat on; I followed him across Fetter-lane, as far as New-street-hill, and on turning the corner Pavey had tripped him up; they were both rolling together - I caught hold of him, and we brought him back with difficulty; he pleaded for mercy when I first laid hold of him; but at the top of Dean-street he began to be violent, and vowed he would not go to prison for nothing; he struck me, and tore my neck handkerchief - I lost my pin; we were obliged to carry him to Holborn-hill - he vowed he would not walk, and dropped down; he was very desperate at the watch-house - they were obliged to lay him on his back and handcuff him: and even then he got to the fire-place, seized the poker, and would gave done some violence had he not been prevented; I do not believe he was drunk - I swear he is the man; one hat was brought back to the vestry, and given to Mr. Muston, I believe.


                  ADOLPHUS 
                  PAVEY
               



            . I am a butcher. I tripped the prisoner up as he was running; I took up a hat in Norwich-court, and gave it to Axelby; he kicked me in a dreadful manner - he did not appear at all in liquor, and ran very fast.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am an officer. This hat was given to me by Mr. Muston; I was obliged to take the prisoner to the Compter in a coach, he was so very violent.


                  JAMES 
                  MUSTON
               



            . I am a deacon of the church. I hung my hat in the vestry, and saw no more of it till it was brought in with the thief; the service was going on when I hung it up; the Rev. 
               
                  George 
                  Burder
               



             was preaching, and the Rev. 
               
                  Caleb 
                  Morris
               



             hearing him - this is my hat.
REV. 
               
                  CALEB 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I left my hat in the vestry - it was given to me after service; I do not know who by.
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly was very much in liquor when I was taken - the gentlemen know it as well as I do; I have a wife and child dependent on me, and will take care I am never guilty of the like again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
