





1323. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MACINTOSH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 box, value 6s.; 4 coats, value 7l.; 5 pairs of trousers, value 2l.; 10 shirts, value 50s.; 12 pairs of stockings, value 24s.; 12 handkerchiefs, value 1l., and 8 waistcoats, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Mackenzie
               




            .
JAMES MACKENZIE. I am a ladies' shoemaker
. Icame to town on Tuesday, and left my box on board the smack at Hoares' wharf


, in care of the steward; when I returned on Thursday, one box, containing these articles was gone; some persons on board gave me information - Crighton took us to a house in Rosemary-lane, where the prisoner lived; the people were out - I went for a constable, he came and found the box in the back room; it had been broken open, and several things taken out.


                  DAVID 
                  CRIGHTON
               



            . I am a porter, and work at Hoares' wharf. I carried a yellow trunk by the prisoner's order, from the vessel to the White Swan public-house, Rosemary-lane; he went there with me - he said it was his own - I was on the wharf waiting for a job; I am sure he said it was his own, and he said he was a passenger in that vessel, the Forfairshire; I was called again at eight o'clock that night, and went with the prosecutor to find it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KING
               



            . I am a porter. The prisoner applied to me on Thursday afternoon last, to carry a box from the White Swan; I took it to a house in Brown's-buildings, Princes street, and left it there - he said it was his box. I afterwards went with the prosecutor, who claimed the same box - there was a rope round it, and it appeared locked.


                  SARAH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I live in Brown's-buildings; the prisoner was a friend of my husband's; he called on Thursday, and asked me to let him leave this box in my place, which I did; the prosecutor came and took it.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I found the box in Brown's-buildings, with some articles in it.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in Rosemary-lane, and found a shirt, trousers, coat, and waistcoat, on him - he was dressed in them, and his own coat was left in the box, which had been broken open with a chisel or hatchet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I expected a box from Scotland; I had been drinking rather freely, and thought this was mine - the linen is marked as my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
