





154. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, a ring, value 16 s.; an eye-glass, value 2 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; two towels, value 1 s.; two caps, value 2 s.; a yard of silk, value 1 s.; two yards of muslin, value 2 s.; and two yards of lace, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Oscar 
                           Byrne
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  AMANDA 
                  ELIZABETH BYRNE
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Oscar 
                  Byrne
               



            . We live in Osnaburgh-street, Regent's Park


. The prisoner was three months in our service. On the 24th of November, I put a 20 l. note and two 10 l. notes into the parlour cupboard, which I locked, and kept the key that night. I was going out early next morning, and sent the prisoner and the other servant to the cupboard for the tea and sugar; the prisoner left the keys in the cupboard. She went up several times; and, at seven o'clock in the morning, as I was going out, she locked the door and gave me the key. I returned at four, dined, and went to the cupboard, andthe notes were gone. I told both the servants of it. The prisoner emptied the cupboard, and after tea the prisoner searched everywhere, but the notes were not found. An officer came and searched her box.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRUMMOND
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched, and questioned the servants about the notes, and on examining the prisoner's box, I found the articles stated in the indictment - she denied all knowledge of them - she unlocked the box herself. I found a piece of silk pinned under her gown; she unpinned it, and threw it down. I took it up, and she insisted on it that she never had it about her, and that none of the things were Mrs. Byrne's - that she picked the ring up in the passage - the child had the eye-glass to play with, and she put it into her box.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you mix the prisoner's box with the other servant's - A. No; the boxes were in different rooms.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am very wrongly accused of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
