





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
1018. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIRN, alias 
FARK





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, 1 coat, value 2l., and 2 waistcoats, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        Evelyn 
                        Waddington
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Joy
                     



.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 11th of May, in consequence of information, I went to a front attic, No. 1, Leg-alley, Long-acre, of which Mr. Joy gave me the key, from a hat-box; and on a chair I found a coat and two waistcoats.
EVELYN WADDINGTON. I lodged at Mr. Joy's hotel, Covent-garden


, but was absent when this happened; I left two or three coats and waistcoats on the bed, in an inner room - these clothes are mine, and what I left there; my initials were on the waistcoat, but they are nearly effaced. I think the coat worth 2l., and the waistcoats 5s. or 10s. each.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. When did you leave the hotel? A. On the 29th of April - I had been there about a week, and intended to return; I had kept my things there - I never gave a waiter at Joy's any wearing apparel - I had had the coat five or six months, but only wore it occasionally; I had had the waistcoats eight or ten months - they may have been washed a dozen times.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOY
               



            . I am chamberlain at the hotel, which is kept by my brother Robert. The prisoner was a waiter there for about three months. Mr. Waddington left several coats, waistcoats, and trousers there - I saw Webster take a key from a hat-box, which the prisoner used to claim as his - it was kept in the kitchen, where we clean the plate - I have seen him take things out of that box.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell whether any body else used it? A. No - I have seen him take neck handkerchiefs out of it; he was employed there three or four years: gentlemen often leave clothes in their room, but waiters have no business with them - I never knew them take them.


                  HENRY 
                  FARR
               



            . I live at No. 1, Leg-alley. The prisoner's wife took an apartment with me on the 13th of April - he came on the same evening, and asked if a person named Farr had come to ledge there - I said Yes, and asked if he was her husband - he said Yes, and I showed him into the room; he came there once or twice a day, and sometimes not for two or three days - I do not know that he slept there - his wife went to lay-in at the hospital on the 7th of May; he came there about three hours afterwards, and I never saw him again - he had the key of the room. Mr. Joy and an officer came on the 11th, and showed me the key of the room; I opened the door, and found the clothes there - the prisoner paid me one week's rent on the morning his wife left: he kept the room locked all the time.
Cross-examined. Q. The lodgings seem more to be taken by the wife? A. Yes.
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
