





764. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard
                        
                        Jones
                     



                  , about seven o'clock in the afternoon of the 21st of May (no person being therein), and stealing nine handkerchiefs, value 36 s.; one coat, value 2 l.; one pair of breeches, value 1 l., and one pair of gaiters, value 4 s., his property; two pair of ear-rings, value 7 s.; one toothpick, value 2 s.; one brooch, value 4 s., and one string of beads, value 5 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Page
                        



.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep the Windsor Castle, public-house, in the City-road
. On the 21st of May, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, an alarm was given. I went up to my bed-room, found all the drawers broken open, and every thing scattered about. I suppose there were one hundred and fifty people in the house at the time drinking. The lock of my bed-room door was picked.


                  SARAH 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Jones. The prisoner came into the drinking-room - I missed him from there, went up stairs, and found him in my master's bedroom. He came running from behind the bed, and said
"Oh dear! I have made a mistake, and come into the wrong room." I caught hold of him and called my master. He dragged me down three or four stairs and got from me - I am certain he is the man. I went up to my own bed-room, found the locks of three boxes broken open, and the property gone.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You first saw him in the public room - A. Yes. I am positive he is the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones. I heard Pike call, ran out. and met a man at the door - he asked what was the matter? I said I did not know, and presently the prisoner came out at the door, and said to the man,
"D - n you, it is all right, hold your tongue!" The prisoner then ran round a little garden, which leads on to Windsor-terrace. I saw Davis catch him - he was never out of my sight.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a porter. Newman pointed the prisoner out to me - I caught him climbing over some high paling; he then tried to split the railing to get through. We had a scuffle, and I threw him down. I secured him - his hat fell off, a man handed it to me, and there were nine silk handkerchiefs in it.


                  JOHN 
                  BREEDY
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, with the handkerchiefs. Next morning, as I was taking him to Worship-street, he made his escape across Finsbury market with his handcuffs on - he was stopped in Long-alley. We were surrounded by bad characters, who tried to rescue him; I was kicked and beat about.
(Handkerchiefs produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am a constable. I examined Mr. Jones's bed-room, and found five locks broken, also a desk and a tea-caddy. A suit of clothes were in the middle of the floor, and a quantity of things about the place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REEVE
               



            . My paling was broken down where the prisoner was stopped. I went there next morning, and found two pair of ear-rings, some beads, a brooch, a toothpick, and a picklock key.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I assisted in retaking the prisoner when he escaped. He bit two of my fingers.
Prisoner's Defence. They have sworn falsely.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Of stealing only.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
