





799. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barnes
                        




                     
                  , about ten o'clock in the night of the 30th of June
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein seven printed books, value 4 l., his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a bookseller and binder
, and live in Piccadilly. These books were in my house in Smith's-court


, which is not part of the dwelling-house - the prisoner had worked for me near a year, and had left about three months. I missed these books on the 27th; two volumes of the Journals of the House of Commons - next day I missed four more volumes. They have not been found, and were worth 39 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOCKETT
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Barnes. On Friday night, the 30th of June, at twenty minutes after nine o'clock, I was on the watch. I waited at the door, and saw the prisoner coming down the court; I then locked myself in, took the key out, and concealed myself under the stairs. The prisoner came, unlocked the door, came in, and locked himself in. He came up stairs into the shop - I heard him moving the books. I called out, he made no answer. I went and found a volume of the Journals of the House of Commons moved from the top of the pile - I had seen it safe on the pile that night. Nobody had been in the shop but Johnson. I asked the prisoner what he did there? he said he came to do no harm, only to borrow a few tools to finish some books which he had at home. It was so dark that he could not see the pattern of tools.
Prisoner. Q. Was I not in the habit of coming to borrow tools - A. No; he had a latch key, but not one to the lock.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an errand-boy to the prosecutor, and sleep in the shop. I was on the watch with Bockett, and saw the prisoner coming up the court. I had been in the shop five minutes before, and saw the pile of Journals safe - I went in with Bockett, and afterwards I heard the prisoner come in. I dropped out of the window to secure him if he came out, he was taken to the watch-house. In the morning I found the book off the pile, and found a key of the door in the shaving tub close to where he stood.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found the title page of a Journal at his lodging.
Prisoner's Defence. I left some books there, and called on this evening for some tools.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.
Of Larceny Only. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
