





FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12.
Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury.
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
161. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RAYNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 8 bushels of oats, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibbons
               




            .
THOMAS GIBBONS. I live in Earl-street, Westminster, and am a carter
. I rent a stable and loft in Mr. Perry's yard, Market-street, Westminster


 - my part of the loft is parted off, about eight feet high, but there is a space of eight or ten feet above the partition - I keep corn there. On the 26th of November I went to Mr. Perry for the key of his stable - he went to the prisoner, who is his servant, and brought the key - the prisoner followed him. Perry did not give me the key, but went and put it in the stable door himself - he could not open it - but the prisoner did. I found two sacks in the stable - the prisoner untied one, and I found some black oats in it. I examined the other afterwards. I had twenty-five quarters of oats shot loose in my loft, and could not miss any - but if a quantitity had been taken, they might have been missed by a man who saw them frequently. When I pulled some of the oats out of the sack, the prisoner said they belonged to Hatchet and Dyke, who have horses standing in the same yard - there was a little more than four bushels in each sack.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you miss any of them? A. No; the lofts communicate over the partition - mine is a corner of Mr. Perry's, but I have a door from my loft into my own premises - the two sacks were in the stables, any one going in might easily see them - black oats are very common.


                  JOHN 
                  SHELTON
               



            . I am Mr. Gibbons' carter. On the 25th of November, about five o'clock, I went home with his horses to Market-street - when I unhooked the chainhorse, I saw the prisoner at the top of the ladder, with a sack on his shoulder - the ladder was standing on the pavement, to go up to Mr. Perry's loft, where there was a parcel of scaffolding kept - the loft door was open - he came down the ladder, and went out of the yard withthe sack, which hung very heavy on his shoulder - in two or three minutes he returned, went up the ladder, and pulled out another sack and brought it down, and went out of the yard again, with it into the street - he came back in a short time, went up the ladder and shut the door, pinned it and took the ladder away. Next morning, about half-past five o'clock, I went and told my master, and when he sent me home, I found some black oats scattered about where the ladder had been - the door opens into the street - and if a man wanted to take oats from that loft to Mr. Perry's stables, he would go the same way the prisoner was then going.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the prisoner a servant of Mr. Chapman's? A. I do not know; he was a servant of Mr. Perry's - if he wanted to come out of his master's loft, that would be the way he would have come down - he went entirely out into the street, and I did not see where he put the sacks. I know Mr. Gibbon's stables, but I did not see him put anything there - he had as good an opportunity of seeing me as I had of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERCOTT
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Gibbons. I was coming out of his stables on Friday night, the 25th of November - I saw Shelton in the yard, and the prisoner with a sack on his shoulder - he brought it into the street - I followed him, he said something to me in the street, but I do not know what. He then went into Mr. Perry's stables, put the sack down, and came out again.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not Mr. Perry's loft that he came out of? A. Yes; and he went into his master's stable.


                  GEORGE 
                  POPLE
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Mr. Gibbons, to Millbank-street, to take the prisoner - we were walking behind him, and he turned and said, "Mr. Gibbons, what is this about your clover and oats?" I told him he must go with me. He said he would be d-d if he would - we took hold of him, and went about twenty yards - he then made another stop, and we were obliged to handle him rather roughly. As we were going to the watch-house, I asked how he came by the oats we had found in the stable. He said a man like a coal-heaver asked him, the day before, to let him leave them there - but who he was he did not know. On the following Monday we went to the stable, to get a sample - Mr. Gibbons took the sample from the heap, and I from the sacks - there were some beans mixed with them.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not horses eat beans as well as oats? A. I believe they do. Mr. Perry has a loft there.


                  CHARLES 
                  PERRY
               



            . The prisoner was in my employ for about six weeks. I never recollect keeping oats in my part of the loft.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any rubbish in your part of the loft, that the prisoner would have occasion to put away if he cleaned it? A. There were some scaffolding, and other things which were frequently moved. I think I have heard that the prisoner has four children - I had a good character with him. I had no horse, and did not go to the stable - the prisoner kept the key of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the things into the loft according to my masters orders - and what corn we had left I put into the binn - the person who left these sacks, brought them in a little cart about twelve o'clock, and said they belonged to a Mr. Hatchard, I believe - but he did not call for them again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
