





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
751. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 12 pigs, price 12l.
            , the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Tucker
               




            .
GEORGE TUCKER. I am a coachmaker
, and live at Ponder's-end


. On Monday the 13th of February, I missed twelve pigs which were safe the night before in my stye; I traced them a short way, and then left the officer to trace them; the prisoner lived near me, and knew my premises well; they were worth 12l.; three were fit to kill; one was a large store pig; three of them weighed about five stone each.


                  EDWARD 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I live at Redstile, about seven miles from Tucker. On Monday, the 13th, at half past five o'clock in the morning, I was near my own house, and met the prisoner with ten or twelve pigs, some large and some small; one was very small, and had a white spot on the left side, near the hind part; I have known the prisoner nine years, and am certain of his person; the fattest would weigh four or five stone, I think the small one about two stone; he was going towards Colneyhatch, and another man walking by his side, but the prisoner drove them with a stick or whip; I should not have noticed them if the prisoner had not spoken to me; he said, "Hold on one side, master, and let my pigs come by;" I was not in the road; I said I will; he said, "Oh, is that you, Ned?" he always goes by the name of Tom Ponto; I never heard him called Wood; I asked him if he was going to take them to Smithfield; he said "Aye" I asked if pigs were dear or cheap; he said dear.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. Mr. Tucker told me of his loss; I traced the pigs to Colney-hatch; they had been fed upon frosty potatoes, which scowered them, and that is how I traced them; I traced them about a mile from the yard down a bye lane, beyond where Drake met the prisoner, and there I lost the traces.


                  THOMAS 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a patrol. On Thursday night last, a butcher gave the prisoner into my charge; he asked me if it was about Walker's horse; (see page 216) I said No, about the pigs; he said "D-n the pigs."
GEORGE TUCKER. I had fed the pigs on potatoes, beans, and peas - one small one had a white spot, and was about two stone weight.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a young man driving the pigs, and walked about a quarter of a mile with him; there were nine of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
