






315. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CANNON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 4 pairs of shoes, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward John 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .
EDWARD JOHN SCOTT. I live on Holborn-hill


, and am a shoemaker
. On the 17th of December, at four o'clock in the afternoon, I was engaged in the front of my shop with a gentleman; the two prisoners came in together, and said they wanted a pair of shoes - I told them to go into the parlour; my boy went back with them, and in a few minutes he gave me information - I went into the parlour, and asked the prisoners if they could not find what they wanted - Brown said No, they would be measured for a pair; I left the lad to measure her, and returned to the gentleman - there were a quantity of shoes packed up in the parlour, two pairs in each parcel; they came into the shop, and Brown sat in a chair - Cannon hurried her to go away - they then left the shop, and before they had well got off the steps the female witness came and gave me information;I followed them to the door of the next house, opened Cannon's cloak, and said, "Give me those shoes which you have got;" she said, "Well, here, take them," and delivered them to me - they dropped on the ground; I knew them to be one of the papers of shoes which were in the parlour - two pairs were in it: Cannon resisted violently; I held her till my boy came - I gave her in charge, and then went to Brown; I found another paper on her, containing two pairs - she said she had picked them up; it was perfectly clean, and it was a very dirty day - I am certain it was one of the papers of shoes which were in my parlour; Cannon bit me, and fought desperately.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Your attention was directed to the gentleman? A. Yes, but I am certain of both the prisoners; Cannon was quite sober - I never expressed a doubt about her: a great crowd collected, but I did not observe any women except the prisoners.


                  ROBERT 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Scott. The prisoners came into the shop; I went into the parlour to attend them - I cannot swear positively to Brown; I have no doubt of Cannon: they both went into the parlour, and Cannon asked for a pair of shoes; there were plenty about, but none suited her - no other women came into the parlour; the other person who came with Cannon desired to be measured - before I had half done measuring her she wanted to hurry out of the shop, and said they would call to-morrow; they would hardly give me time to write the name on the measure: we received information - my master went out - I saw him take two pairs of shoes from under Cannon's arm, at the next door; that parcel had been papered up in the shop: she was very resolute, and fought- I held her while the officer was fetched; Brown was about a yard from her: there were only these two close together - I should not think she could be any other person than the woman who had been in the shop; a paper, containing two pairs of shoes, was taken from her - she went quietly, but we were obliged to carry Cannon to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q.You have some doubt of Brown? A.Very little; she had the shoes, and she very much resembles the person in the shop - they were both walking close together; my master got out first, and I was not a minute after him - there was nobody else near when we got first out; Cannon was quite sober.
COURT. Q.Was any other woman besides Brown within twenty yards of Cannon? A. We heard a person was waiting outside for them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Scott. I saw the two prisoners in the shop when the shoes were stolen; I am quite certain of them both: they both went into the parlour, and sat down on two chairs - before Burgess went into the room Brown said she wanted a pair of shoes; he then went into the shop, and got a pair to fit her- Brown went into the shop, and was fitted there with a pair, but did not take them; Cannon remained in the parlour the while I went up stairs to the kitchen to fill the kettle, and when I came down I saw Cannon adjusting the shoes under her arm - I informed my master as they were going out; he went out after them directly.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you a house servant? A. Yes; I did not serve the prisoners - I am certain of Brown- I was in the shop all the time, except when I fetched the water, which took about three minutes; I left the boy with them then.
COURT. Q.Was Cannon alone in the parlour? A. No, Mr. Scott's sister was there; the boy was in the shop, looking for shoes for Brown.
ABRAHAM COLEY. I am a street-keeper. I was coming up Holborn, and saw Mr. Scott run across the way - I ran with him, and took Cannon, who made a very violent resistance; she was within one door of Mr. Scott's house: while I was endeavouring to take her I saw Holland, who took Brown - I saw him take this pair of shoes, in a paper, from under Brown's arm; the shoes were given to me as soon as I came up, and stated to have been taken from Cannon; I saw no other female near them.
Cross-examined. Q.You ran across the way with Scott? A. Yes - he had run over for assistance, and I went with him; it was opposite St. Andrew's church -Scott's young man was holding one of them; Holland came up with Brown in less than a minute and a half.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I found a pair of shoes under Brown's arm; Cannon was in Coley's custody, but made her escape nearly to the end of Hatton-garden - she was taken and carried to the watch-house, and behaved very desperate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CANNON's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Judge and Jury.
BROWN'S Defence. I am innocent. I saw the shoes lying on the ground, and picked them up.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . They could not have been on the ground; it was a very wet day, and the paper was not even soiled.
CANNON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
