





Before Mr. Recorder.
1489. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     DRURY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, 6 silver spoons, value 3l., and 3 silver forks, value 3l,, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bell
               



            , of Great Ormond-street


. Last Wednesday week I missed these articles - they were not all taken at the same time; the prisoner was a daily-servant
, but did not sleep in the house; she had only been there within the last three months- I have since seen three tea-spoons, one desert-spoon, and two table spoons - they have master's initials on them.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Boyce, a pawnbroker, of Theobald's-road. On the 8th of June, the prisoner pawned a tea-spoon in the name of Brown, of Ormond-yard, also one tea-spoon on the 2d of July, and another one on the 14th, in the same name, for 3s. each; one tablespoon, on the 10th of July, for 10s., and a dessert spoon for 6s., on the same day.


                  FRANCES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . The prisoner lived in Little Ormond-yard, two doors from me; I pawned a table-spoon for her at Brown's, in Gray's Inn-lane - she told me it was her sister's; I got 12s. on it.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker, in Gray's Inn-lane; I advanced 12s. on this tablespoon - Bell claimed it.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner - she voluntarily said she had pawned the things produced, but denied taking the forks.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Phillips came to me, and said she was in a deal of trouble - that she had pawned her husband's clothes unknown to him, and asked me to get her something to pawn to get them out on Saturday night; she was to pledge them again on Monday, and take these things out.




               GUILTY (of stealing only
            .)




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
