







Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
139. 
               
                  CRIGHTON 
                  BOYD
               




            , 
               
                  HENRY WILLIAM 
                  SPEARS
               




            , and 
               
                  MARY 
                  HOPKINS
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 1 boy's dress, value 5s., and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Savage
               




            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am the wife of John Savage, a tailor
 - we live in Marsham-street, Westminster


. On the 2d of December, about a quarter past one o'clock, the two boys at the bar came to my house, and Boyd asked me if I had a waistcoat that would fit him him - I thought they looked suspicious, and was afraid to venture it with them; Spears said, "Not a waistcoat to fit me?" I then shewed them an old one - they said it would not do; they went away, and said they would call between five and six o'clock - they looked in at the window, which attracted my attention, and I looked after them; they went towards Peter-street. In the evening, about five o'clock, Hopkins came alone, and asked for some pieces; I did not like to serve her, and told her it was a bad time to choose them; while she was talking I heard a drag at the window - some of the things fell into the shop, and some out. I ran round the counter, and saw Spears' head, but before I got out he and another boy with him had ran off; I know Spears was one. I did not see Boyd, but by the size I think it was him. I lost a man's waistcoat and a boy's dress, which were buttoned together - I had seen them safe just before. I have not got either of them again. The girl run off, suddenly while I was stooping to pick up the things, without having bought any thing; she went the same way as the boys. When my husband came home I described their persons to him, several times that evening.
JOHN SAVAGE. My wife described the prisoners to me. I met them on the morning of the 3d of December, in Dean-street, Westminster, about ten minutes past seven o'clock; I knew them by her description; I asked a man who was sweeping a door where there was a constable; I had them all taken, and told the constable to bring them to my wife to see if she could identify them. Two of them got away, but Boyd was kept, and my wife said she could swear to him.
THOMAS BRAY. I am a Bow-street-patrol. I took the three prisoners in Wright's-passage, Tothill-street. I was taking them to Savage's house; I had one of the boys in one hand, and the other in the other - when I got near Marsham-street Spears said if I did not let him go he would run a knife through me; Boyd then began to kick and fight, and got away; I let Spears go, and secured Boyd; I took him to Mrs. Savage, who said she could swear he was one.


                  RICHARD 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . Last Saturday morning Bray told me that Spears had got from him; I made some inquiries, and took him at his mother's, smoking his pipe. I found on him a knife and some trifling articles.
BOYD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SPEARS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HOPKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Two Months
            .
