





1058. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FOYLES
               




             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am clerk of the parish church of Cheadle, in Cheshire. I know the prisoner personally - he was married at Cheadle, in Cheshire, on the 16th ofMarch, 1824, to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hibbert
               



            ; I was present at the marriage, and saw it regularly performed; I made out their marriage register - I did not know her before; they had one child.
Prisoner. I never was married to such a person - he must allude to some other person.
Witness. I knew him before, and he knew me; he worked in Cheadle for the person who made shoes for me- I have not the least doubt he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. When did I live in Cheadle? A. In 1824, and worked there.
Prisoner. You are wrong, I never worked in Cheadle in my life; I only came from the East Indies in 1823 - if any woman can swear to me, let her come forward; who was the person who gave my wife away? Witness. I do not know, perhaps I might myself; I saw his wife alive three weeks ago.


                  SAMUEL 
                  VORLEY
               



            . I am an officer - I went to Cheadle, and produce a copy of the marriage register taken from the book, (read.)


                  ANN 
                  DEARY
               



            . I was married to the prisoner on the 19th of November, 1826
, by the name of George Foyles, at St. James, Westminster


; I had known him eight or nine months - I was at that time a widow; I had a house and let it furnished - I had a little boy: the prisoner represented himself to me as a shoemaker, and said his father kept the Jolly Hatters public-house, at Stockport, in Cheshire; I lived with him but six weeks, and then left him in consequence of his ill usage - he told me about a month after we were married that he had been married, and I then heard it from a young man who came from the country; I wrote to his wife who answered my letter, and then I would not live with him; he had pawned some of my things and I have worked very hard to get them out - I had to maintain him; he might do a little work, but what he got he spent; my former husband was a saddler, and we lived in Riley-street, Chelsea.
Prisoner. I never struck the woman in my life; but I could not bring home five or six guineas a week - and nothing would do; I gave her a pound or two when I could - she was jealous of another woman. Witness. It was not without reason; he cohabited with a married woman who lived close by.
Prisoner. I gave her all the money I could; I gave her my pension when I received it, and I said, "There is three pounds for you" - the day she left me, she robbed me of every thing. Witness. I left him furniture enough for a room; I took the other things away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
