






491. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     UPTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, 1 comb, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Sharp 
                     Hutchinson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARP HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am an ivory-turner
, and live in Wood-street, Cheapside


 - this comb is mine - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hutchinson. On the 13th of January I was in the cellar, about one o'clock, and heard a footstep in the shop; I came up, and saw Johnson in the shop with his hand on one of the glass-cases - I asked what he wanted - he said some ivory-combs - I showed him some - he bought none, but went away; I then missed a tortoise-shell comb, which I had seen shortly before - I went to the door, and saw him just turning the corner; I gave an alarm - he and Upton were brought back to the shop; I saw the comb taken from Upton's hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a carpenter. I saw the two prisoners together, about one o'clock; Johnson went into Mr. Hutchinson's shop; Upton was then looking in at the window; Johnson came out; I saw him take something from his jacket and give it to Upton, who put it into his hat; I did not see what it was; I heard the alarm, ran out, laid hold of the two prisoners, and took them back to the shop; I took this comb from Upton's hat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHNSON's Defence. I was passing, and saw this prisoner pick up a comb and put it into his hat - this gentleman came out of a house and seized us - he said I must give him something to let us go - I said I would not.
UPTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
