






780. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 6 neckerchiefs, value 35s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Freeman
               




            .
JOHN FREEMAN. I live in Bishopsgate-street


. On the 4th of February I lost these handkerchiefs - I was not at home at the time; I know they were in my shop on the 4th- they have my mark on them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you sold any of them? A. Not any.


                  CHARLES 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Freeman. On the 4th of February I saw the prisoners in the shop for a quarter of an hour, but neither saw them come in nor go out; Forrester brought them into the shop in about five minutes, with the handkerchiefs - some ladies were being served at the time.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the 4th of February, about half-past four o'clock, I saw the two prisoners go into Mr. Freeman's shop; another lad stood outside; I waited tillthey came out, then followed, and took them at the Marine Society gateway - I took off Smith's hat, and found three of the handkerchiefs; the other three were behind Jones, in the mud - he had dropped them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you see them fall? A. No; they were close behind him; Smith was about a yard off - they could not have fallen from him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONES' Defence. I went to buy a black handkerchief; they wanted 4s., and I did not buy it - I had not seen Smith; nothing was found on me.
SMITH'S Defence. I was not in the shop.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
