






468. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BARRETT
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BRITTEN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, a cart, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gordon
               




            .
JOSEPH GORDON. I sell garden-stuff about
. On the 11th of February my cart stood about one hundred yards from my door, by Lloyd's Cricket-Ground


; but about half-past one I came to Smithfield to buy a donkey, and while there I saw the prisoners bring it into the market. It was safe when I left home. Barrett was in the shafts pulling, and Bennett pushing behind. I got an officer, who took them.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you seize them? A. I got the officer, who took them a short distance from the cart; I ran for him the moment they brought it in; they passed me with it: I am sure they are the men.


                  HENRY 
                  WOODS
               



            . I live in Devonshire Street, Marylebone. I saw Gordon's cart safe at one o'clock. I came to Smithfield afterwards, and saw the prisoners bring it into the market with a bull-dog under it; - Barrett was in the shafts, and I saw him doing something to the dog.


                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon I was in Smithfield, and saw the prisoners. I was going to take the cart to the green yard, as no horse was in it. I took hold of it, and the prosecutor came and claimed it. The prisoners were near it at the time, and went away directly it was owned; - I secured Burrett, and Winston took Britten.
BRITTEN'S Defence. I was in Cow Cross; - a man came from behind this cart and said, "Give this a push to the sheep pens, and I will give you a pint of beer," and said he should be at the corner public-house; and as I was going away, the officer took me; - I said a man was to give me some beer to push it.
CHARES MATTHEWS. He said he was hired to draw it, and at the Compter he said they were to have 5 s., but told the Magistrate they were only to have some beer.
BRITTEN'S Defence. The man asked me to push it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WINSTON
               



            . I am an officer. I took Britten about twenty yards from the cart; he was walking away fastish. They both stood together when I first saw them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the dog follow them? A. He could not, he was tied in the cart. I found a dirty handkerchief on Britten; he said it had been round the dog's neck.
BARRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
BRITTEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
