





159. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COX
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving a watch, value thirty shillings, a ribbon value 6 d., and two keys value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Poole
                     



                  , whereof 
                     
                        William 
                        Carroll
                     



                   has been convicted of stealing, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
2d. COUNT. Stating them to belong to 
               
                  William Squire 
                  Foster
               



            .
The record of the conviction of William Carroll was put in and read.
THOMAS POOLE. I am a labourer
. I gave my watch to Mr. Foster to clean.
WILLIAM SQUIRE FOSTER. I am a watch-maker
, and live at Acton. On Saturday, the 13th of November
, Poole gave me his watch to clean. I went out on Wednesday the 17th, about half past three o'clock, it then hung in my window; returned at half past five o'clock, my wife gave me information - it was gone.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FOSTER
               



            . My husband left me at home. After he went out, I took down two watches, and put them on the counter. Carroll came in, and wanted a watch repaired. I said, I could say nothing about it; he put it into his pocket again, and went out, and in about ten minutes, I missed Poole's watch, I never saw the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHEATLY
               



            . I live at Hammersmith, with my brother, who is a watch-maker and jeweller. On the 17th of November, about half past five o'clock in the evening, I was out, and as I returned, I saw the prisoner sitting in a cart. I found Carroll in the shop, talking to my sister; he said he wanted to see a gold seal, she told me to fetch my brother, which I did, and in coming back, I met them both in the cart together.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHEATLY
               



            . My sister fetched me: when I got to the shop, nobody was there - I missed a gold chain, she mentioned about the cart - I pursued and overtook it at Phillimore Place, Kensington. Carroll and the prisoner were in it, I got assistance. Cox jumped out and was secured; I took Carroll, and a watch was found on each; the one found on the prisoner was claimed by Poole - he told the constable to take care of his watch, and said, he knew nothing of Carroll, and denied having been in the cart with him; but said, he was walking on the path, and two men took him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am constable of Kensington. I was sent for, and took the prisoner. I found a watch on each of them. Poole claimed the one found on the prisoner, he said he did not know Carroll.


                  DANIEL 
                  DARVEL
               



            . I am hostler to Mr. Ives, the Red Lion public-house, at Acton. Foster lives opposite our house. On the 17th November, the prisoner and another man brought a horse and cart to our house; I bailed the horse about the middle of the day; they went away together, between three or four o'clock, I think; they both helped me to unharness the horse, they dined there, and went out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
