





1225. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted of 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, one time piece, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hempson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HEMPSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hempson
               



            ; we live in Ellis-street, Chelsea


, and keep a butcher's shop
. On the 15th of July I had just gone out, and on my return saw the prisoner coming out of the shop door; I asked what he wanted, he answered nothing; I turned my head and saw a dress lie in the shop, which I had left on the parlour table behind the shop; I stopped him and asked what he had got, and from under his jacket he pulled the time piece, and laid it on the shop board, saying he did not mean to take it away; I called for assistance; my son came and secured him; the timepiece was kept on the mantlepiece in the parlour; I saw it there about ten minutes before; I had left nobody in the parlour. I have had it for twelve years; it is worth 3 l., and is a very good one. I left my child at the door when I went out, but he went away.


                  GEORGE 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I am a constable. I took him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  HEMPSON
               



            . I am the son of the prosecutrix. She called me; I came up through the private door, and got outside; I laid hold of the prisoner; he had just laid the timepiece down; we gave him in charge.


                  LEWIS 
                  SKELTON
               



            . I am a watch and clock maker, and live in Duke-street, Aldgate. The timepiece is worth no more than 30 s.
Prisoner's Defence. I called at the door, and knocked once or twice but got no answer, the timepiece lay on the shop board, and something on the floor; I was coming into the shop, as I wanted some steaks; she came and said I was robbing the place.
MRS. HEMPSON. He had it under his jacket.
GUILTY. Aged 40.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
