






1143. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BYWATER
               




             & 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BYWATER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 axe, value 4s.; 1 adze, value 4s.; 1 chisel, value 1s., and 1 guage, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Rowe
               




            .
RICHARD ROWE. I am a carpenter
. On Good Friday, the 13th of April, I left these tools in a new house at the corner of Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square


, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, and missed them next morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  LAVINIA 
                  CATLEY
               



            . The prisoners lived with me in Peter-street, Soho. On Good Friday, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I saw them come in, and put down these tools; Robert had an adze and axe; John had the guage and chisel; they went and put them on the dust.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time did you say it was, at the office? A. Between eight and nine o'clock; I did not swear it was seven. I went out soon after, and it wanted twenty minutes to nine.


                  MARY 
                  CATLEY
               



            . I am the witness's mother. On Good Friday evening I found these tools on the dust; I took them up, and gave them to Webb next morning.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer, and received the tools. I apprehended the prisoners.
MR. PHILLIPS called -


                  WILLIAM 
                  BYWATER
               



            . I am the prisoners' uncle. On Good Friday Robert came to my house soon after six o'clock in the morning, and went to work with me in Rupert-street; he staid with me till after seven o'clock in the evening - I am sure of that. I then went to my shed in Carnaby-market, and sent him to Mr. Bennett's; he came to work next day.
COURT. Q. What work were you about? A. Painting; I worked till half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and returned after church time.
- BENNETT. I am a bricklayer, and live in Chapel-street, Soho. The prisoner Robert came to my house on Good Friday evening, to order a cart; I cannot swear that I saw him, but think I did - it was about eight o'clock in the evening.
MRS. BYWATER. I am the prisoners' mother. Robert came home to tea about eight o'clock or a few minutes after- he went to bed about nine o'clock; he had been out for about half an hour.
JOHN BYWATER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBERT BYWATER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
