






1304. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CARR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DUPREE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, a watch value 10 s.; four pieces of copper coin, value 4 d.; and three pieces of copper coin, value 1 1/2 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wood
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Wood
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Wood
               



             - I sent my son
 Joseph to Mr. Wadmore's for a watch, on Saturday, the 16th of October, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am nearly ten years of age - I was sent by my mother to Mr. Wadmore's in Tottenham Court road for a watch; I saw the two prisoners in Kentish-town as I was coming back with the watch; I stopped at a place called Birmingham-walk


, but not long - the watch was in a little bag with four penny pieces and three halfpence - the prisoners were with me while I stopped. Carr snatched the bag and they ran away; I went and told Mr. Peet; he went on horseback after them. I saw the property again on Sunday morning.


                  EDWARD 
                  PEET
               



            . I live in Crescent-mews. I was in a field near Highgate; on the 16th of October I saw the little boy and the two prisoners; I heard him cry out that he had lost his father's watch; I went to his assistance - I rode after the prisoners as far as Mansfield-wood - I could not get further with my horse, but I got off and saw them running; I saw two men and called Stop thief! - one man took hold of them; I came up and took them - I did not see the property till it was at Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I saw 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Wood
               



             on the afternoon of the 16th of October; he said he had been robbed; I sent Kirby one way, and I went another. Kirby brought the prisoners to me, and Carr said, if we would go with him, he would show where the watch was - we went that night, but could not find it - it was found next morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  VENABLES
               



            . I was with Conway, and heard what Carr said.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I went with this little boy, and Mason gave the two prisoners into my custody.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
DUPREE - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
